来源URL: https://web.archive.org/web/20241231095028/https://www.aeropostale.com/terms-of-service.html
================================================================================

terms of use × discount only on select styles as indicated. × discount only on select styles as indicated. *guaranteed 12/25 delivery does not include: apo/fpo, military locations, alaska, hawaii, puerto rico, or po boxes. × free shipping when you spend over $50. × free shipping over $50 or when you buy jeans. × discount reflected at checkout. × discount reflected at checkout. × discount applied at checkout. × guaranteed 12/25 delivery does not include: apo/fpo, military locations, alaska, hawaii, puerto rico, or po boxes. ending soon! up to 80% off 100s of new clearance markdowns * shop now buy 1, get 1 free jeans + free shipping * women men buy 1, get 2 free graphic tees * women men 50-70% off sitewide + free shipping $50+ * women men selling quick! peanuts® | aéropostale shop now selling quick! aero x juicy couture viral bling * shop now up to 50% off nfl gear just touched down * shop now menu women back women shop all women new arrivals + collections women new arrivals + collections new arrivals marvel | aero peanuts® | aero juicy couture | aero hello kitty | aero aero all american aero essentials tops women tops shop all tops buy 1, get 2 free tees knit tops hoodies + sweatshirts graphic tees sweaters polos camis + tanks shirts + blouses bottoms women bottoms shop all bottoms buy 1, get 1 free jeans jeans joggers + sweatpants pants leggings + active shorts skirts cargo nation jeans women jeans shop all jeans buy 1, get 1 free jeans baggy jeans wide leg jeans flare jeans bootcut jeans barrel jeans straight jeans jeggings curvy jeans skinny jeans hoodies + sweats women hoodies + sweats shop all hoodies + sweats hoodies + sweatshirts joggers + sweatpants dresses + skirts aero dwntme sleep + lounge bralettes + undies women bralettes + undies shop all bralettes + undies bralettes undies accessories women accessories shop all accessories $10 + under hats + beanies jewelry fragrance + beauty hair accessories socks sunglasses fragrance collections women collections marvel | aero peanuts® | aero juicy couture | aero hello kitty | aero aero all american aero essentials uniform aero impact matching sets multipacks men back men shop all men new arrivals + collections men new arrivals + collections new arrivals marvel | aero peanuts® | aero nfl collection nba collection aero essentials tops men tops shop all tops buy 1, get 2 free tees graphic tees hoodies + sweatshirts tees shirts polos sweaters bottoms men bottoms shop all bottoms buy 1, get 1 free jeans pants jeans joggers & sweatpants shorts cargo nation jeans men jeans shop all jeans buy 1, get 1 free jeans straight jeans baggy jeans skinny jeans super skinny jeans athletic jeans slim jeans relaxed jeans bootcut jeans hoodies + sweats men hoodies + sweats shop all hoodies + sweats hoodies + sweatshirts joggers + sweatpants outerwear accessories men accessories shop all accessories $10 + under hats + beanies cologne sunglasses underwear cologne collections men collections marvel | aero peanuts® | aero aero all american hello kitty | aero aero essentials uniform aero impact matching sets multipacks jeans back jeans shop all jeans women's jeans jeans women's jeans shop all women's jeans buy 1, get 1 free jeans baggy jeans wide leg jeans flare jeans bootcut jeans barrel jeans straight jeans jeggings curvy jeans skinny jeans men's jeans jeans men's jeans shop all men's jeans buy 1, get 1 free jeans straight jeans baggy jeans skinny jeans super skinny jeans athletic jeans slim jeans relaxed jeans bootcut jeans aero for all back aero for all shop all aero for all unisex tops unisex bottoms aero all american aero for all aero all american shop all aero all american nfl collection nba collection aero essentials peanuts® | aero aero a team collections back collections women's collections collections women's collections marvel | aero peanuts® | aero juicy couture | aero hello kitty | aero aero all american aero essentials uniform aero dwntme aero impact matching sets multipacks men's collections collections men's collections marvel | aero nfl collection peanuts® | aero nba collection hello kitty | aero aero essentials uniform aero impact matching sets multipacks peanuts® | aero hello kitty | aero aero all american collections aero all american shop all aero all american nfl collection nba collection aero essentials cargo nation aero impact clearance back clearance shop all clearance women clearance women shop all women new to clearance tops bottoms jeans dresses + skirts hoodies + sweats sleep + lounge bralettes + undies shoes + accessories $9.99 + under $4.99 + under final sale men clearance men shop all men new to clearance tops bottoms jeans hoodies + sweats outerwear accessories $9.99 + under final sale create account sign in refer a friend store locator track an order wishlist get help aeropostale search catalog clear search search catalog clear search sign in new customer? create account sign in or create an account for: faster checkout order tracking a birthday surprise & more! your shopping bag is empty! free shipping on orders over ﻿$50 your browser's javascript functionality is turned off. please turn it on so that you can experience the full capabilities of this site. terms of use terms & conditions we are updating our terms of use. please review our updated terms here, which will take effect december 1, 2024. aeropostale.com is operated by aero opco llc (“aero”) on behalf of itself and its affiliates (the "web site"). please read these terms and conditions carefully before using this web site. your use of this web site confirms your unconditional acceptance of the following terms and conditions. if you do not accept these terms and conditions, do not use the web site. use of this web site users of all ages are welcome to browse the web site under the terms set forth herein, however, you may only establish an account if you are of the age of majority in your state of residence - which is usually 18- or older. in order to purchase products or services from the web site and in order to access or use some features on the web site, you may be required to establish and use an account. in addition to your name and contact information, you may be required to submit a valid credit card number, billing address, and related billing information in connection with your account. when you register for an account you must (i) provide accurate and truthful information and (ii) update such information from time to time as necessary to keep your registration information current and accurate. by establishing an account, you represent and warrant that you have the right and are authorized to provide the information you provide when you register for the account and further that you have agreed to these terms and conditions. you are responsible for maintaining the confidentiality of your account information and password and for restricting access to such information and to your computer or device. all activities that occur under your account or password shall be your responsibility. in the event you become aware that your account or password have been lost, compromised or are being used in an authorized fashion it is your responsibility to contact our customer service immediately. accuracy of information we attempt to ensure that information on the web site is complete, accurate and current. despite our efforts, information on the web site may occasionally be inaccurate, incomplete or out of date. we make no representation as to the completeness, accuracy or currentness of any information on the web site. for example, products included on the web site may be unavailable, may have different attributes than those listed, or may actually carry a different price than that stated on the web site. in addition, we may make changes in information about price and availability without notice. while it is our practice to confirm orders by email, the receipt of an email order confirmation does not constitute our acceptance of an order or our confirmation of an offer to sell a product or service. we reserve the right, without prior notice, to limit the order quantity on any product or service and/or to refuse service to any customer. we also may require verification of information prior to the acceptance and/or shipment of any order. products, content and specifications all features, content, specifications, products and prices of products and services described or depicted on the web site are subject to change at any time without notice. certain weights, measures and similar descriptions are approximate and are provided for convenience purposes only. we make all reasonable efforts to accurately display the attributes of our products, including the applicable colors; however, the actual color you see will depend on your computer system, and we cannot guarantee that your computer will accurately display such colors. the inclusion of any product or service on the web site at a particular time does not imply or warrant that the product or service will be available at any time. it is your responsibility to ascertain and obey all applicable local, state, federal and international laws (including minimum age requirements) in regard to the possession, use and sale of any item purchased from the web site. by placing an order, you represent that the products ordered will be used only in a lawful manner. from time to time, the web site may contain links to web sites that are not owned, operated or controlled by aero or its affiliates. all such links are provided solely as a convenience to you. if you use these links, you will leave the web site. neither we nor any of our affiliates are responsible for any content, materials or other information located on or accessible from any other web site. neither we nor any of our affiliates endorse, guarantee, or make any representations or warranties regarding any other web sites, or any content, materials or other information located or accessible from any other web sites, or the results that you may obtain from using any other web sites. if you decide to access any other web sites linked to or from the web site, you do so entirely at your own risk. inappropriate material you are prohibited from posting or transmitting any unlawful, harassing, insensitive, threatening, defamatory, libelous, obscene, pornographic or profane material or any material that is derogatory towards, among others, any individual, race, religion, gender, sexual orientation or could constitute or encourage violence or conduct that would be considered a criminal offense or give rise to civil liability, or otherwise violate any law on or through the web site. in addition to any remedies that we may have at law or in equity, if we determine, in our sole discretion, that you have violated or are likely to violate the foregoing prohibitions, we may take any action we deem necessary to cure or prevent the violation, including without limitation, the immediate removal of the related materials from the web site. we will fully cooperate with any law enforcement authorities or court order or subpoena requesting or directing us to disclose the identity of anyone posting such materials. user information other than personally identifiable information, which is subject to the web site’s privacy policy, any material, information, suggestions, ideas, concepts, know-how, techniques, questions, comments or other communication you transmit or post to the web site in any manner ("user communications") is and will be considered non-confidential and non-proprietary. we and our affiliates and our or their designees may use any or all user communications for any purpose whatsoever, including, without limitation, reproduction, transmission, disclosure, publication, broadcast, development, manufacturing and/or marketing in any manner whatsoever for any or all commercial or non-commercial purposes. we may, but are not obligated to, monitor or review any user communications. we will have no obligation to use, return, review, or respond to any user communications. we will have no liability related to the content of any such user communications, whether or not arising under the laws of copyright, libel, privacy, obscenity, or otherwise. we retain the right to remove any or all user communications that includes any material we deem inappropriate or unacceptable disclaimers your use of the web site is at your risk. the information, materials and services provided on or through the web site are provided "as is" without any warranties of any kind including warranties of merchantability, fitness for a particular purpose, or non-infringement of intellectual property. neither aero nor any of its affiliates warrant the accuracy or completeness of the information, materials or services provided on or through the web site. the information, materials and services provided on or through this web site may be out of date, and neither, aero, nor any of its affiliates makes any commitment or assumes any duty to update such information, materials or services. the foregoing exclusions of implied warranties do not apply to the extent prohibited by law. please refer to your local laws for any such prohibitions. all products and services purchased on or through the web site are subject only to any applicable warranties of their respective manufacturers, distributors and suppliers, if any. to the fullest extent permissible by applicable law, aero hereby disclaims all warranties of any kind, either express or implied, including, any implied warranties with respect to the products and services listed or purchased on or through the web site. without limiting the generality of the foregoing, we hereby expressly disclaim all liability for product defect or failure, claims that are due to normal wear, product misuse, abuse, product modification, improper product selection, non-compliance with any codes, or misappropriation. we make no warranties to those defined as "consumers" in the magnuson-moss warranty-federal trade commission improvements act. the foregoing exclusions of implied warranties do not apply to the extent prohibited by law. please refer to your local laws for any such prohibitions. indemnification you agree to defend, indemnify and hold us harmless from and against any and all claims made by, and any and all damages and judgments (including reasonable attorneys’ fees) awarded to, any third party due to or resulting from: (1) your misuse of the web site or any of its contents; (2) your violation of these terms and conditions or any applicable law; or (3) your breach of any of your representations and warranties set forth herein. limitations of liability neither aero nor any of its affiliates, assume any responsibility, and will not be liable for, any damages to, or viruses that may infect, your computer, telecommunication equipment, or other property caused by or arising from your access to, use of, or browsing the web site, or your downloading of any information or materials from the web site. in no event will aero, its affiliates or any of their respective officers, directors, employees, shareholders, members, managers, agents, successors or assigns, nor any party involved in the creation, production or transmission of the web site, be liable to you or anyone else for any indirect, special, punitive, incidental or consequential damages (including, without limitation, those resulting from lost profits, lost data or business interruption) arising out of the use, inability to use, or the results of use of the web site, any web sites linked to the web site, or the materials, information or services contained on any or all such web sites, whether based on warranty, contract, tort or any other legal theory and whether or not advised of the possibility of such damages. the foregoing limitations of liability do not apply to the extent prohibited by law. please refer to your local laws for any such prohibitions. in the event of any problem with the web site or any content, you agree that your sole remedy is to cease using the web site. in the event of any problem with the products or services that you have purchased on or through the web site, you agree that your sole remedy, if any, is from the manufacturer of such products or supplier of such services, in accordance with such manufacturer's or supplier's warranty, or to seek a return and refund for such product or services in accordance with the returns and refunds policies posted on the web site. revisions to these terms and conditions we reserve the right to modify these terms and condition at any time. if we modify these terms and conditions, we will post the revised terms and conditions on the web site and note the date the terms and conditions was last updated. we also may highlight the link to the terms and conditions, post a notice on the web site or send an email describing the changes. your continued use of the web site following any revisions to these terms and conditions signifies your agreement to be bound by the revised terms and conditions. you should visit this page from time to time to review the then current terms and conditions. additional terms additional terms may apply in connection with certain features of the web site (e.g. testimonials, sweepstakes or contest entries). if applicable, these additional terms will be made available to you, for example: (i) where you are permitted to submit materials, enter a promotion, access or use particular features, or purchase specific products and services, or (ii) in a link adjacent to where you are permitted to submit materials, enter a promotion, access or use particular features, or purchase specific products and services. unless otherwise stated, those additional terms are incorporated into and made a part of these terms and conditions by reference. in the event those additional terms conflict with these terms and conditions, the additional terms shall control solely with respect to the subject matter to which those additional terms apply. copyrighted material – alleged infringement if you are a copyright owner or an agent thereof and believe that any content on this web site infringes upon your copyrights, you may submit a notification pursuant to the digital millennium copyright act ("dmca") by providing our copyright agent with the following information in writing: a physical or electronic signature of a person authorized to act on behalf of the owner of an exclusive right that is allegedly infringed; identification of the copyrighted work claimed to have been infringed, or, if multiple copyrighted works at a single online site are covered by a single notification, a representative list of such works at that site; identification of the material that is claimed to be infringing or to be the subject of infringing activity and that is to be removed or access to which is to be disabled and information reasonably sufficient to permit the service provider to locate the material; information reasonably sufficient to permit the service provider to contact you, such as an address, telephone number, and, if available, an electronic mail; a statement that you have a good faith belief that use of the material in the manner complained of is not authorized by the copyright owner, its agent, or the law; and a statement that the information in the notification is accurate, and under penalty of perjury, that you are authorized to act on behalf of the owner of an exclusive right that is allegedly infringed. our designated copyright agent to receive notifications of claimed infringement is: attn. privacy officer-[email protected] for clarity, only dmca notices should go to the copyright agent. you acknowledge that if you fail to comply with all of the requirements of this section, your dmca notice may not be valid. notification that fails to comply with the foregoing will not constitute knowledge or awareness of infringement. we suggest that you consult your legal counsel before filing a claim. choice of law; jurisdiction these terms and conditions supersede any other agreement between you and aero to the extent necessary to resolve any inconsistency or ambiguity between them. these terms and conditions will be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the state of new york, without giving effect to any principles of conflicts of laws. any action seeking legal or equitable relief arising out of or relating to the web site will be brought only in the courts of the state of new york or the united states district court for the southern district of new york. a printed version of these terms and conditions will be admissible in judicial and administrative proceedings based upon or relating to these terms and conditions to the same extent and subject to the same conditions as other business documents and records originally generated and maintained in printed form. mandatory arbitration of disputes these terms and conditions provide that all disputes between you and us will be resolved by binding arbitration. you hereby agree to give up your right to go to court to assert or defend your rights under these terms and conditions is contract, except for matters that may be taken to small claims court. you also hereby agree to give up your right to make a claim through a class action lawsuit, class-wide arbritration, private attorney-general action, or any other proceeding where someone acts in a representative capacity or individual claims are combined. your rights will be determined by a single, neutral arbitrator, not a judge or jury. you agree that any dispute arising out of or relating to these terms and conditions, including with respect to the interpretation of any provision of these terms and conditions or concerning the performance or obligations of aero or you, shall be resolved by mandatory and binding arbitration submitted to jams in accordance with its commercial arbitration rules at the request of either aero or you pursuant to the following conditions: unless you elect to conduct the arbitration by telephone or written submission, an in-person arbitration hearing will be conducted at the jams facility in your area. selection of the arbitrator shall be made pursuant to jams’ streamlined arbitration rules & procedures or jams’ comprehensive arbitration rules & procedures, depending on the amount of the claim as specified herein. the arbitration shall be conducted by a single arbitrator under jams’ streamlined arbitration rules & procedures. for claims exceeding $5,000.00, the arbitration shall be conducted under jams’ comprehensive arbitration rules & procedures subject to the applicable jams procedure, the arbitrator shall allow reasonable discovery in the forms permitted by the federal rules of civil procedure, to the extent consistent with the purpose of the arbitration. the arbitrator(s) shall have no power or authority to amend or disregard any provision of this section or any other provision of these terms and conditions, except as necessary to comply with jams’ policy on consumer arbitrations pursuant to pre-dispute clauses minimum standards of procedural fairness. the arbitration hearing shall be commenced promptly and conducted expeditiously. if more than one day is necessary, the arbitration hearing shall be conducted on consecutive days unless otherwise agreed in writing by the parties. the arbitrator shall, after reaching judgment and award, prepare and distribute to the parties written findings of fact and conclusions of law relevant to such judgment and award and containing an opinion setting forth the reasons for the giving or denial of any award. the award of the arbitrator shall be final and binding on the parties, and judgment thereon may be entered in a court of competent jurisdiction. you will be subject to a $250 filing fee to initiate an arbitration. to the extent permitted by jams procedures, each party shall bear its own costs and expenses and an equal share of the arbitrator's and administrative fees of arbitration. aero will be responsible for its share of costs, expenses and fees plus any costs, expenses and fees required of it under jams procedures. except where prohibited by law, the prevailing party shall be entitled to an award of reasonable attorney fees. the federal arbitration act and federal arbitration law apply to this agreement. either party also may, without waiving any remedy under this binding arbritration agreement, seek from any court having jurisdiction any interim or provisional relief that is necessary to protect the rights or property of that party, pending the establishment of the arbitral tribunal (or pending the arbitral tribunal's determination of the merits of the controversy). we also both agree that you or we may bring suit in court to enjoin infringement or other misuse of intellectual property rights. the federal arbitration act and federal arbitration law apply to these terms and conditions and you agree that any arbitration or other proceedings by or between you and aero will be conducted on an individual basis and not in any class action, consolidated or representative basis. you further agree that the arbitrator shall have no authority to award class-wide relief. you acknowledge and agree that this agreement specifically prohibits you from commencing arbitration proceedings as a representative of others. if for any reason a claim proceeds in court rather than in arbitration, we each waive any right to a jury trial. termination you or we may suspend or terminate your account or your use of the web site at any time, for any reason or for no reason. you are personally liable for any orders placed or charges incurred through your account. we reserve the right to change, suspend, or discontinue all or any aspect of the web site at any time without notice. contact/additional assistance if you do not understand any of the foregoing terms and conditions or if you have any questions or comments, we invite you to contact our customer service department by e-mail at [email protected] or by phone at 877-289-2376 last updated august 1, 2022 aero mobile alerts policy please read carefully.the aero mobile alerts program (the "program") is provided by sparc group llc d/b/a aeropostale ("aero", "we" or "us"). by entering your mobile phone number, you represent that you are at least 13 years of age and that you agree to these terms and conditions which may be amended by us from time to time. if you do not accept these terms and conditions, please do not use the program and follow the instructions to unsubscribe/opt-out. mobile alerts. entering your mobile phone number means that you are subscribing to receive recurring promotional text messages and alerts from aero which will be sent from an automated system. promotional text messages may include event alerts and updates, discounts, special offers and information about new products, sales and promotions. how to subscribe/opt-in. you may subscribe to receive aero mobile alerts sent to your mobile device by entering your mobile number at https://aeropostale.attn.tv/p/7b5/landing-page. consent to receive text messages is not required to make a purchase of any aero goods. privacy policy. the program is governed by the aero privacy policy which is incorporated by reference into these terms and conditions. you may access the privacy policy here. how to unsubscribe/opt-out. you may cancel your aero subscription to the program at any time by texting "stop" to the short code 49823. you may also cancel your aero subscription to the program by contacting the customer service department by email at [email protected] or by phone at 877-289-2376. if you contact the customer service department you will need to provide your mobile device number in order to be removed from the program. it may take up to ten (10) business days to process your stop request. you may receive additional program messages from us during this time. charges. message and data rates may apply to your use of the program, however we do not charge you to participate in the program and purchases are not required. please consult the wireless service agreement for the individual pricing plan applicable to your mobile phone or other mobile device (hereinafter, "device"). supported carriers. the program may not be available for all service providers or for all devices. the carriers supported by the program are as follows: at&t, sprint, t-mobile™, verizon wireless, alltel, u.s. cellular, boost, nextel, metro pcs, cellcom, carolina west, virgin, cricket, ntelos, cincinnati bell, interop and getlisa. your device's instructions for text messaging may be different. check your device's user manual for device capabilities and specific instructions. we make no representation, warranty or guarantee that a particular wireless service provider will enable you to participate in the program. we may, in our sole discretion, add or delete a cellular carrier at any time, with or without notice. content. the information, content, and other material provided in the program (collectively, the "content") are owned by us, our affiliates or licensors, and the content is protected by copyright, trademark and other laws. we grant you a limited, non-exclusive, non-transferable, revocable license to download and use the content on your device solely for your own, personal, non-commercial use. you may not modify the content in any way, or reproduce, publicly display, perform, transfer, sell, distribute, create derivative works or otherwise use the content or the program except as expressly provided for in these terms and conditions. limitation on liability. the program is provided "as is" without any warranties of any kind including warranties of merchantability, fitness for a particular or general purpose, or non-infringement of intellectual property. we assume no responsibility, and will not be liable, for technical, hardware, software or telephone malfunctions of any kind, lost or unavailable network connections, or failed, incorrect, incomplete, inaccurate, garbled or delayed electronic communications caused by or arising from your use of the program. for help. to receive more information regarding your aero subscription to the program text "help" to the short code 49823. you may also contact the customer service department by email at [email protected] or by phone at 877-289-2376. last updated september 1, 2021 store locator order status start a return gift cards/balance customer service help desk & faq return & exchange policy shipping policy buy online, pick up in store student discount coupons & promos size charts affiliate program your privacy choices questions? chat with us available 8am - 9pm est call us1.877.289.2376 contact us about us about aéropostale careers supply chain aero impact sign up for emails email sign up this field is required. by signing up, you agree to receive emails from aeropostale about sales, promotions, events, new arrivals, and more. view terms and privacy policy. want aéropostale text messages too? click here subscribe to texts mobile phone subscribe this field is required. success! by submitting this form, you agree to receive recurring automated promotional and personalized marketing text messages (e.g. cart reminders) from aéropostale at the cell number used when signing up. consent is not a condition of any purchase. reply help for help and stop to cancel. msg frequency varies. msg & data rates may apply. view terms & privacy. check your texts. reply ‘y’ to confirm your subscription. follow us submit notice at collection do not contact me terms of use accessibility statement privacy policy ca transparency act sitemap © 2025 aeropostale. all rights reserved.