来源URL: https://web.archive.org/web/20181229065128/https://www.beckett.com/about-us
================================================================================

about us beckett global connect with us! radio show calendar news forums faqs careers $ usd current currency $ usd usd $ aed د.إ afn af all lek amd ֏ ang ƒ aoa kz ars $ aud $ awg ƒ azn ман bam km bbd $ bdt ৳ bgn лв bhd .د.ب bif fbu bmd $ bnd $ bob $b brl r$ bsd $ btn nu. bwp p byr p. bzd bz$ cad $ cdf fc chf chf clf $ clp $ cny ¥ cop $ crc ₡ cup ⃌ cve $ czk kč djf fdj dkk kr dop rd$ dzd دج egp £ etb br eur € fjd $ fkp £ gbp £ gel ლ ghs ¢ gip £ gmd d gnf fg gtq q gyd $ hkd $ hnl l hrk kn htg g huf ft idr rp inr ₹ jpy ¥ sdb $ sos s please note that all beckett.com purchases, including online price guides and beckett marketplace purchases will be charged in u.s. dollars don't show anymore please note that all beckett.com purchases, including online price guides and beckett marketplace purchases will be charged in u.s. dollars don't show anymore please note that all beckett.com purchases, including online price guides and beckett marketplace purchases will be charged in u.s. dollars don't show anymore please note that all beckett.com purchases, including online price guides and beckett marketplace purchases will be charged in u.s. dollars don't show anymore show calendar news forums beckett global radio faqs careers pricing/checklists marketplace coins - pricing/checklists coins-marketplace autographs select a category baseball basketball football hockey nonsport/gaming other/multi-sports all categories cart 0 sign up | login online price guide subscribe sports beckett preferred total access market data report vintage card access baseball basketball football golf hockey racing mma non-sports die-cast wrestling soccer tennis figurines gaming beanie babies beckett android apps beckett baseball beckett basketball beckett football beckett hockey beckett sports card monthly dynamic duo baseball (12 issues + 1yr online price guide) basketball (12 issues + 1yr online price guide) football (12 issues + 1yr online price guide) hockey (12 issues + 1yr online price guide) non sports (6 issues + 1yr online price guide) browse baseball card autograph memorabilla rookie serial number football card autograph memorabilla rookie serial number basketball card autograph memorabilla rookie serial number hockey card autograph memorabilla rookie serial number racing card autograph memorabilla rookie serial number die-cast beckett certified appraisal multiproduct updated organize/trade organize trade marketplace search cards on marketplace baseball cards boxes rookie cards autograph cards memorabilia cards modern vintage basketball cards boxes rookie cards autograph cards memorabilia cards modern vintage football cards boxes rookie cards autograph cards memorabilia cards modern vintage hockey cards boxes rookie cards autograph cards memorabilia cards modern vintage racing cards die-cast boxes rookie cards autograph cards memorabilia cards manufacturer fleer in the game leaf panini press pass sage topps upper deck search mp dealers free shipping offers new autograph marketplace auctions auctions beckett auction services register consign with us case breaks auction preview rules goodwin & co register auction preview rules consign with us grading grading bgs club population report serial # lookup my grading orders submit your collectibles grading galore about beckett grading compare our services pedigree/personalized grading faq graded box combo our representatives beckett graded registry comics grading registry publications print/digital price guide print price guide baseball basketball football hockey sports card monthly card gamer print magazines coinage rock n gem digital price guide baseball basketball football hockey sports card monthly digital magazines coinage rock n gem books beckett autographs graded card price guide rookie card encyclopedia racing collectibles price guide baseball almanac baseball price guide football card price guide hockey card price guide basketball card price guide gaming almanac coinage rockngem coins search coin on price guide set type basics proofs bullions commemoratives satins edges plain reeded lettered gripped decorated coin type basics proofs bullions commemoratives satins precious metals gold silver platinum mint mark philadelphia san fransisco west point carson city new orleans charlotte designer christian gobrecht charles barber james earle fraser felix schlag joe fitzgerald jamie franki anthony defrancisci frank gasparro thomas rogers total coin collector publication conferences new matchmaker introducing beckett authentication services online price guide subscribe sports beckett preferred total access market data report vintage card access baseball basketball football golf hockey racing mma pokemon non-sports die-cast wrestling soccer tennis figurines gaming beanie babies beckett android apps beckett baseball beckett basketball beckett football beckett hockey beckett sports card monthly dynamic duo baseball (12 issues + 1yr online price guide) basketball (12 issues + 1yr online price guide) football (12 issues + 1yr online price guide) hockey (12 issues + 1yr online price guide) non sports (6 issues + 1yr online price guide) browse baseball card autograph memorabilla rookie serial number football card autograph memorabilla rookie serial number basketball card autograph memorabilla rookie serial number hockey card autograph memorabilla rookie serial number racing card autograph memorabilla rookie serial number die-cast beckett certified appraisal multiproduct updated organize/trade marketplace search cards on marketplace baseball cards boxes rookie cards autograph cards memorabilia cards modern vintage basketball cards boxes rookie cards autograph cards memorabilia cards modern vintage football cards boxes rookie cards autograph cards memorabilia cards modern vintage hockey cards boxes rookie cards autograph cards memorabilia cards modern vintage racing cards die-cast boxes rookie cards autograph cards memorabilia cards manufacturer fleer in the game leaf panini press pass sage topps upper deck free shipping offers search mp dealers new autograph marketplace auctions beckett auction services register consign with us case breaks auction preview rules goodwin & co register auction preview rules consign with us grading bgs club grading galore population report serial # lookup my grading orders submit your collectibles about beckett grading compare our services pedigree/personalized grading faq graded box combo our representatives beckett graded registry comics grading publications print/digital price guide print price guide baseball basketball football hockey sports card monthly card gamer print magazines coinage rock n gem digital price guide baseball basketball football hockey sports card monthly digital price guide coinage rock n gem books beckett autographs graded card price guide rookie card encyclopedia racing collectibles price guide baseball almanac baseball price guide football card price guide hockey card price guide basketball card price guide gaming almanac coinage rockngem coins search coin on price guide set type basics proofs bullions commemoratives satins edges plain reeded lettered gripped decorated coin type basics proofs bullions commemoratives satins precious metals gold silver platinum designer christian gobrecht charles barber james earle fraser felix schlag joe fitzgerald jamie franki anthony defrancisci frank gasparro thomas rogers edges plain reeded lettered gripped decorated mint mark plain reeded lettered gripped decorated total coin collector publication conferences beckett authentication services introducing matchmaker new connect with us! × talk to us call toll free 855-777-2325 (mon - fri, 9am - 8pm cdt) or schedule a call or email us just write to us what you need. we respond to emails very quickly. customerservice@beckett.com or chat with us prefer a silent conversation? click on the leave a message icon at the bottom right of the page. (available from mon - fri, 9am - 8pm cdt) please let us know a convenient time to call you on (*all time slots are available in cdt zone.) monday, dec 31, 2018tuesday, jan 01, 2019wednesday, jan 02, 2019thursday, jan 03, 2019friday, jan 04, 2019 09:00-09:30 09:30-10:00 10:00-10:30 10:30-11:00 11:00-11:30 11:30-12:00 12:00-12:30 12:30-13:00 13:00-13:30 13:30-14:00 14:00-14:30 14:30-15:00 15:00-15:30 16:00-16:30 16:30-17:00 17:00-17:30 17:30-18:00 18:00-18:30 18:30-19:00 19:00-19:30 19:30-20:00 schedule a call 09:00-09:30 09:30-10:00 10:00-10:30 10:30-11:00 11:00-11:30 11:30-12:00 12:00-12:30 12:30-13:00 13:00-13:30 13:30-14:00 14:00-14:30 14:30-15:00 15:00-15:30 16:00-16:30 16:30-17:00 17:00-17:30 17:30-18:00 18:00-18:30 18:30-19:00 19:00-19:30 19:30-20:00 11:00-11:30 11:30-12:00 12:00-12:30 12:30-13:00 13:00-13:30 13:30-14:00 14:00-14:30 14:30-15:00 15:00-15:30 16:00-16:30 16:30-17:00 17:00-17:30 17:30-18:00 18:00-18:30 18:30-19:00 19:00-19:30 19:30-20:00 thank you for choosing this service. our experts will call you on your preferred time. home about us about beckett.com - the #1 authority on collectibles beckett media has been the voice of the collectibles industry from the time dr. james beckett published his first sport americana baseball card price guide book in 1979 to the launch of the first issue of beckett baseball magazine five years later. in the time since that rather simplistic first issue of beckett baseball, the magazine – and the company itself – has grown in significant proportions, similar to the very field it covers. under the guidance of dr. beckett, the company mastered the print medium, expanded price guide titles to other sports and other genres, introduced web commerce as a viable means of trade and instituted grading as an important segment of the company portfolio. beckett media now stands poised to continue the foundation first laid down by dr. beckett – one of integrity, commitment and accuracy. in doing so, beckett media will proudly move the beckett brand forward through an exciting future, all the while continuing to serve its current customers and attracting a new generation of collectors. most importantly, beckett media will maintain the trust and excellence the company was built upon. beckett’s company statement is more than just words on a sign hanging in the office hallway. it’s a statement of our goal, and what our mission is each and every day: "with over 30 years of serving as the most trusted resource for collectors, beckett media will continue to facilitate trade and lead the collectibles industry with dynamic products and services." beckett media’s commitment hasn’t wavered, and now there is even more beckett media emphasis on staying ahead of the curve, remaining versatile and maintaining flexibility to continue adding and expanding in a market in flux. the company continues to offer innovative products and first-class service to customers. it’s what the beckett name was built on. to demonstrate the ability to lead the market while engaging customers in fresh new ways, beckett media has successfully launched new initiatives in new verticals: beckett business solutions provides a b2b platform for small- and medium-sized hobby businesses, helping them upload their entire shop inventory to beckett marketplace and ebay in just a click of a few buttons. beckett auction services is a full service auction house featuring monthly online auctions, the goodwin & co. online auction house, an ebay consignment service and much more. the auctions include sports, non-sports, and gaming cards and memorabilia, with a focus on high-grade modern/vintage cards as well as low print-run modern cards and sports memorabilia. beckett media has entered the digital frontier by launching digital magazine subscriptions and the beckett app. beckett digital magazines are now available on apple newsstand, google play and kindle. the beckett app is available through the app store and google play. beckett products and services for the new and experienced collector online price guide the beckett online price guide is the “most reliable pricing resource online,” providing instant access to millions of sports, non-sports, and gaming card listings. the database features an exhaustive supply of pricing and checklists. beckett’s pricing team constantly analyzes card values and trends, and provides timely pricing to assist customers in their efforts to buy, sell, or put a value on their collections. the price guide database contains information on cards from professional leagues and their associated minor leagues, colleges, team issues, foreign sets, food issues, draft pick sets, team usa and more. each card in our database is accurately cataloged to include brand, manufacturer, serial number, team name, and print run (when provided by manufacturer) as well as a multitude of card attributes including designations for rookie cards, memorabilia cards and autograph cards. and now collectors can instantly view their online price guide through the beckett app. access is free with their online price guide subscription. publications beckett media is the premier publisher of monthly sports collectibles magazines, and specialty market collectible platforms in the u.s. and is considered the world's most trusted source in collecting. magazines include engaging content that offers timely insights into new products and cards that are attracting interest on the secondary market. beckett media is also a leading publisher of a line of successful sports card price guide books and annuals. in addition to the sports magazines, beckett publishes many non-sport titles: rock&gem, coinage, non-sport update, and many special interest magazines. organize organize is the world’s most complete online collecting tool and enables collectors to accurately document their collection, trade items with other members, download checklists and more. beckett media customers find endless value in this organizing tool which enables them to easily maintain and track their inventories. grading services beckett grading services – or as commonly known, bgs - has emerged as the most-recognized name in the industry for its objective card grading services. it was named the best grading service six consecutive years by card trade readers. beckett vintage grading, or bvg as it is called, was introduced in 2001 and is the only grading service committed exclusively to vintage cards. a new addition to the line is the beckett grading services club, a new value-packed grading club that provides collectors value. the new bgs club offers four levels of membership allowing an opportunity for every budget. beckett authenticaton services beckett authentication services was established in november of 2016 to provide an autograph authentication service that will be the most trusted and respected in this industry. led by the two top autograph authenticators in the world, steve grad and brian sobrero bring their years of autograph experience to form the newest member to the beckett team. bas is now accepting submissions through the mail or in person at one of the many events they will attend each year. bgs registry the beckett registry is the beckett graded card collector’s showcase. organizing cards in this online registry is easy and becomes a display for you to show off your collection to other collectors all over the world. marketplace the beckett marketplace is a one-stop online shop for all collecting needs with an inventory of more than 30 million sports, non-sports, and gaming cards and collectibles from dealers nationwide. the beckett marketplace offers an assortment of collectibles such as rookie cards, memorabilia cards, and autograph cards as well as boxes and collecting supplies. matchmaker the easiest way to find collectibles you want! through the power of beckett organize, quickly and easily match your collection needs and overages to other collectors who are buying, selling, and trading. communicate through the website and complete your collection. beckett loyalty club introducing the beckett loyalty club, a new program from beckett to reward our members. by signing up for the beckett loyalty club, you can earn points for using beckett services and products, as well as receiving extra points on special days, such as your birthday and beckett anniversary. use these points toward future online price guide and beckett grading services club purchases. beckett coin collector collectors can now price, organize, trade, buy, and soon sell u.s. coins on beckett.com. the database available to collectors includes over 20,000 u.s. coins ranging from 1793 to the present. spreading our wings: the era of acquisition! the industry summit beckett media has acquired the industry summit, the ultimate trade event conference for sports collectible executives and insiders, from wisconsin-based isaacson consulting group, llc. summit founder kevin isaacson will continue to host the summit and additional events under a newly-formed beckett conference division. in addition to hosting the summit, isaacson will also serve beckett as an executive consultant, supporting the company’s growth initiatives for beckett business solutions and additional product lines. coinage and rock & gem beckett media recently acquired industry-leading coinage and rock & gem publications from trimbach media. beckett’s rich experience and strategic focus on the publication community has helped in serving the current readership and expand the offerings to reach out to new audiences by keeping the core interests of the hobby subscribers in mind while offering them unparalleled service. non-sport update non-sport update is a leading magazine for collectors of non-sport trading cards (cards that focus on movies, television, sci-fi, comics, music, etc.-anything other than sports). the magazine is published bi-monthly and is filled with features and departments focusing on the latest trading card releases, promotional cards, online happenings, and vintage cards. it comes with a 32-page price guide list with values for the most popular card series from the 1880s through today. name email message safe & secure payment accepted payment methods download our app beckett media about beckett collectibles inc. store locator beckett marketplace dynamic duo offer beckett grading service beckett certified appraisal beckett store show calendar magazines — subscribe now! contact us browse by players directory multi-product team directory beckett preferred set directory baseball cards brand directory basketball cards manufacturer directory football cards copyright © 2018, beckett collectibles inc. , all rights reserved privacy policy terms of service help beckett recommends google chrome download now </html