来源URL: https://web.archive.org/web/20211221170057/https://www.beckett.com/opg/preferred
================================================================================

combo of online sports card price guide, grading & print subscription click here to reset your ebay token beckett loyalty club gaming sleeves & accessories new connect with us! radio show calendar news forums faqs $ usd current currency $ usd usd $ aed د.إ afn af all lek amd ֏ ang ƒ aoa kz ars $ aud $ awg ƒ azn ман bam km bbd $ bdt ৳ bgn лв bhd .د.ب bif fbu bmd $ bnd $ bob $b brl r$ bsd $ btn nu. bwp p byr p. bzd bz$ cad $ cdf fc chf chf clf $ clp $ cny ¥ cop $ crc ₡ cup ⃌ cve $ czk kč djf fdj dkk kr dop rd$ dzd دج egp £ etb br eur € fjd $ fkp £ gbp £ gel ლ ghs ¢ gip £ gmd d gnf fg gtq q gyd $ hkd $ hnl l hrk kn htg g huf ft idr rp inr ₹ jpy ¥ sdb $ sos s please note that all beckett.com purchases, including online price guides and beckett marketplace purchases will be charged in u.s. dollars don't show anymore please note that all beckett.com purchases, including online price guides and beckett marketplace purchases will be charged in u.s. dollars don't show anymore please note that all beckett.com purchases, including online price guides and beckett marketplace purchases will be charged in u.s. dollars don't show anymore please note that all beckett.com purchases, including online price guides and beckett marketplace purchases will be charged in u.s. dollars don't show anymore gaming sleeves & accessories new show calendar news forums beckett loyalty club radio faqs pricing/checklists marketplace coins - pricing/checklists coins-marketplace autographs select a category baseball basketball football hockey nonsport/gaming other/multi-sports all categories cart 0 sign up | login online price guide subscribe sports beckett preferred total access market data report vintage card access certified autographs baseball basketball football golf hockey racing mma non-sports die-cast wrestling soccer tennis figurines gaming beanie babies beckett android apps beckett baseball beckett basketball beckett football beckett hockey beckett sports card monthly dynamic duo baseball (12 issues + 1yr online price guide) basketball (12 issues + 1yr online price guide) football (12 issues + 1yr online price guide) hockey (12 issues + 1yr online price guide) non sports (6 issues + 1yr online price guide) browse baseball card autograph memorabilia rookie serial number football card autograph memorabilia rookie serial number basketball card autograph memorabilia rookie serial number hockey card autograph memorabilia rookie serial number racing card autograph memorabilia rookie serial number die-cast certified autographs memorabilia beckett certified appraisal multiproduct certified autographs opg new beckett loyalty club new organize/trade organize trade marketplace search cards on marketplace baseball cards boxes rookie cards autograph cards memorabilia cards modern vintage basketball cards boxes rookie cards autograph cards memorabilia cards modern vintage football cards boxes rookie cards autograph cards memorabilia cards modern vintage hockey cards boxes rookie cards autograph cards memorabilia cards modern vintage racing cards die-cast boxes rookie cards autograph cards memorabilia cards manufacturer fleer in the game leaf panini press pass sage topps upper deck search mp dealers free shipping offers autograph marketplace grading grading population report serial # lookup my grading orders submit your collectibles about beckett grading services & pricing pedigree/personalized grading faq our representatives beckett graded registry comics grading registry publications print/digital price guide print price guide baseball basketball football hockey sports card monthly card gamer print magazines coinage rock n gem digital price guide baseball basketball football hockey sports card monthly digital magazines coinage rock n gem books beckett autographs graded card price guide rookie card encyclopedia racing collectibles price guide baseball almanac baseball price guide football card price guide hockey card price guide basketball card price guide gaming almanac coinage rockngem coins search coin on price guide set type basics proofs bullions commemoratives satins edges plain reeded lettered gripped decorated coin type basics proofs bullions commemoratives satins precious metals gold silver platinum mint mark philadelphia san fransisco west point carson city new orleans charlotte designer christian gobrecht charles barber james earle fraser felix schlag joe fitzgerald jamie franki anthony defrancisci frank gasparro thomas rogers total coin collector publication conferences matchmaker beckett authentication services online price guide subscribe sports beckett preferred total access market data report vintage card access certified autographs baseball basketball football golf hockey racing mma pokemon non-sports die-cast wrestling soccer tennis figurines gaming beanie babies beckett android apps beckett baseball beckett basketball beckett football beckett hockey beckett sports card monthly dynamic duo baseball (12 issues + 1yr online price guide) basketball (12 issues + 1yr online price guide) football (12 issues + 1yr online price guide) hockey (12 issues + 1yr online price guide) non sports (6 issues + 1yr online price guide) browse baseball card autograph memorabilia rookie serial number football card autograph memorabilia rookie serial number basketball card autograph memorabilia rookie serial number hockey card autograph memorabilia rookie serial number racing card autograph memorabilia rookie serial number die-cast beckett certified appraisal multiproduct certified autographs opg new beckett loyalty club new updated organize/trade marketplace search cards on marketplace baseball cards boxes rookie cards autograph cards memorabilia cards modern vintage basketball cards boxes rookie cards autograph cards memorabilia cards modern vintage football cards boxes rookie cards autograph cards memorabilia cards modern vintage hockey cards boxes rookie cards autograph cards memorabilia cards modern vintage racing cards die-cast boxes rookie cards autograph cards memorabilia cards manufacturer fleer in the game leaf panini press pass sage topps upper deck free shipping offers search mp dealers autograph marketplace grading population report serial # lookup my grading orders submit your collectibles about beckett grading services & pricing pedigree/personalized grading faq our representatives beckett graded registry comics grading publications print/digital price guide print price guide baseball basketball football hockey sports card monthly card gamer print magazines coinage rock n gem digital price guide baseball basketball football hockey sports card monthly digital price guide coinage rock n gem books beckett autographs graded card price guide rookie card encyclopedia racing collectibles price guide baseball almanac baseball price guide football card price guide hockey card price guide basketball card price guide gaming almanac coinage rockngem coins search coin on price guide set type basics proofs bullions commemoratives satins edges plain reeded lettered gripped decorated coin type basics proofs bullions commemoratives satins precious metals gold silver platinum designer christian gobrecht charles barber james earle fraser felix schlag joe fitzgerald jamie franki anthony defrancisci frank gasparro thomas rogers edges plain reeded lettered gripped decorated mint mark plain reeded lettered gripped decorated total coin collector publication conferences beckett authentication services matchmaker connect with us! × talk to us call toll free 855-777-2325 (mon - fri, 9am - 8pm cdt) or schedule a call or email us just write to us what you need. we respond to emails very quickly. customerservice@beckett.com or chat with us prefer a silent conversation? click on the leave a message icon at the bottom right of the page. (available from mon - fri, 9am - 8pm cdt) please let us know a convenient time to call you on (*all time slots are available in cdt zone.) monday, dec 27, 2021tuesday, dec 28, 2021wednesday, dec 29, 2021thursday, dec 30, 2021friday, dec 31, 2021 09:00-09:30 09:30-10:00 10:00-10:30 10:30-11:00 11:00-11:30 11:30-12:00 12:00-12:30 12:30-13:00 13:00-13:30 13:30-14:00 14:00-14:30 14:30-15:00 15:00-15:30 16:00-16:30 16:30-17:00 17:00-17:30 17:30-18:00 18:00-18:30 18:30-19:00 19:00-19:30 19:30-20:00 schedule a call 09:00-09:30 09:30-10:00 10:00-10:30 10:30-11:00 11:00-11:30 11:30-12:00 12:00-12:30 12:30-13:00 13:00-13:30 13:30-14:00 14:00-14:30 14:30-15:00 15:00-15:30 16:00-16:30 16:30-17:00 17:00-17:30 17:30-18:00 18:00-18:30 18:30-19:00 19:00-19:30 19:30-20:00 11:30-12:00 12:00-12:30 12:30-13:00 13:00-13:30 13:30-14:00 14:00-14:30 14:30-15:00 15:00-15:30 16:00-16:30 16:30-17:00 17:00-17:30 17:30-18:00 18:00-18:30 18:30-19:00 19:00-19:30 19:30-20:00 thank you for choosing this service. our experts will call you on your preferred time. × receive a 10% credit in your beckett wallet for each friend who successfully places an opg order.your friend will also save 10% on his first opg purchase. forgot password? login new to beckett? sign up now! terms & conditions × back terms & conditions the beckett opg “refer & save” program (“program”) offered by beckett collectibles, llc (“beckett”) has been created to reward you, our loyal customers, (“you,” “member,” “referrer,” “participant”) for doing what you would already do – recommending the opg to friends and family who sign on to be beckett opg customers (“participants” or “referred”). the following beckett opg “refer & save” program terms and conditions (“program terms and conditions”) contain important information about the program, so please read them carefully. these program terms and conditions are a binding agreement between you and beckett and will govern your participation in any and all program offers. by participating in the program, you agree to the site terms and conditions and the site privacy policy. you are not authorized to participate in the program if you do not agree to these program terms and conditions in their entirety. beckett reserves the right to modify these program terms and conditions at any time, at its sole discretion, and without notice to you. participation in the program is considered acceptance of program terms and conditions and any modifications which might be made. beckett may also, in its sole discretion, change, cancel, suspend, or modify any aspect of the program without notice. beckett also reserves the right to disqualify any customers or prospective customers at any time from participation in the program. how the program works qualified referrals. a qualified referral occurs when: i. the referrer, a current opg customer of beckett, clicks the “refer & save” program link on the beckett website and shares a referral program link through email, facebook, linkedin, twitter, or the referral url with a person, the referred; ii. the referred then purchases one or multiple online price guide (opg) subscriptions when they arrive at the opg page of the beckett website by clicking the referral program link shared by the referrer; and iii. when the referred customer account has been activated with the purchased subscription(s), the referrer will receive a referral reward which is 10% of the total amount spent by the referred customer for purchasing the opg subscription(s). the referral reward will be calculated by the system and credited to the beckett wallet linked to the beckett account of the referrer. eligibility. to be eligible for participation in the program, the referrer must be a registered member of beckett. the referred customer must purchase at least one opg subscription. beckett reserves the right to find ineligible any participant in the program at its sole discretion. reward conditions. rewards may be taxable, depending on the value of the item and the federal, state, and local tax laws applicable to the participant. participants are solely responsible for reporting such items on their tax returns and paying any associated tax liability. conduct. participants in the program must comply with all up to date “spam” laws. any distribution of your referral link that could constitute unsolicited commercial email or “spam” under any applicable law or regulation is expressly prohibited and will be grounds for immediate termination of your account and exclusion from beckett’s referral program. beckett reserves the right, at its sole discretion, to prohibit any member from participating in any aspect of the program if beckett deems or suspects that such member has engaged in or has attempted to engage in any of the following: acting in violation of these program terms and conditions; damaging, tampering with, or corrupting the operation of the program or website; acting with intent to annoy, harass, or abuse any other person; any inappropriate, uncooperative, disruptive, fraudulent, potentially fraudulent, or unusual behavior or activity; or activity deemed in the sole discretion of beckett to be generally inconsistent with the intended operation of the program. beckett shall be the sole determiner in cases of suspected abuse, fraud, or breach of these program terms and conditions or intent of these program terms and conditions. liability binding effects. by participating in the program, you agree to and are bound by the program terms and conditions. if you do not wish to agree to and abide by the program terms and conditions in their entirety, you are not authorized to participate in the program. termination. beckett may, in its sole and absolute discretion, cancel, change, suspend, or modify any aspect of the program or program terms and conditions at any time, without notice. beckett may, in its sole and absolute discretion, terminate or suspend any member’s participation in the program for breach of these program terms and conditions or taking any actions that are inconsistent with the intent of these program terms and conditions. release. by participating in the program, participants release beckett, its parent company, subsidiaries, affiliates, suppliers, advertising, and promotions agencies, and their respective directors, officers, employees, and agents from any and all liability for any loss, harm, damages, cost, or expense, including, without limitation, property damages, personal injury and/or death, arising out of or in any way connected to the program and/or the use of any program rewards. indemnification. participants agree to indemnify, defend, and hold beckett and its representatives and agents harmless from and against any and all third party claims, demands, liabilities, costs, or expenses, including attorney’s fees and costs, arising from, or related to any breach by the participant of any of these program terms and conditions or any violation by participant of applicable law. disclaimer force majeure. beckett shall not be liable to any participant for failure to supply any credit or any part thereof, because of any acts of god, any action(s), regulation(s), order(s), or request(s) by any governmental or quasi-governmental entity (whether or not the action(s), regulation(s), order(s), or request(s) prove(s) to be invalid), equipment failure, threatened terrorist attacks, terrorist acts, air raid, blackout, earthquake, tornado, war, unusually severe weather, explosion, labor or material shortage, transportation interruption of any kind, work slow-down, civil disturbance, or any other similar or dissimilar cause beyond any of the control of beckett. reserved right. beckett reserves the right to cancel or suspend the program should it determine, in its sole discretion, that the administration, security, or fairness of the program has been compromised in any way. other terms these program terms and conditions constitute the entire agreement between participants and beckett concerning participants’ use of the referral program. the failure of beckett to exercise or enforce any right or provision of these program terms and conditions shall not constitute a waiver of such right or provision. if any provision of these program terms and conditions is found by a court of competent jurisdiction to be invalid, the parties nevertheless agree that the court should endeavor to give effect to the parties’ intentions as reflected in the provision, and the other provisions of these program terms and conditions remain in full force and effect. the section titles in these program terms and conditions are for convenience only and have no legal or contractual effect. a person who is not a party to these program terms and conditions shall have no right to enforce or receive the benefit of any of these program terms and conditions. the terms and conditions applicable to members’ use of beckett’s services can be found at https://www.beckett.com/tos terms & conditions $ usd beckett preferred 1-year total access online price guide baseball basketball football hockey and more included print subscriptions baseball basketball football hockey sports card monthly your total beckett preferred costs mrp:$394.94 $307.99 you save : $86.95 online price guide 1-year total access subscription includes: baseball basketball football hockey sports card monthly total value: $349.99 print subscription (select at least one print subscription from below) beckett baseball beckett basketball beckett football beckett hockey beckett sports card monthly you have added 1 magazines for 1 year subscriptions. total value: $224.75 yearly price guide (select at least one print subscription from below) beckett baseball beckett basketball beckett football beckett hockey vintage almanac you have added 1 magazines for 1 year subscriptions. total value: $199.75 also includes beckett grading services gift certificates worth of: $90.00 beckett certified appraisals two appraisals @ 3-day turnaround retail value: $30.00 why do i need a beckett preferred package? 1-year of total access online price guide plus print subscriptions to beckett baseball, beckett basketball, beckett football, beckett hockey and beckett sports card monthly 24/7 access to pricing and checklists on beckett.com free access to beckett's organize tool complete integration to beckett's online trade system checklists and pricing updated daily first pricing online for all new products complete editorial coverage delivered to your door monthly reviews, previews, hot lists and more includes a $90.00 beckett grading services gift certificate includes two beckett certified appraisals (3-day turnaround) costing $30.00 name email message safe & secure payment accepted payment methods download our app browse by players directory team directory set directory brand directory manufacturer directory multi-product beckett preferred baseball cards basketball cards football cards beckett products beckett marketplace magazines — subscribe now! beckett authentication services comic book certification service (cbcs) beckett grading service beckett store beckett certified appraisal dynamic duo offer beckett loyalty club beckett other links store locator about beckett collectibles, llc show calendar grading & authentication store locator contact us work with us copyright © 2021, beckett collectibles, llc. all rights reserved privacy policy terms of service help work with us    beckett loyalty club beckett recommends google chrome download now we use cookies to help personalize content, tailor and measure ads, and provide a safer experience. by navigating the site, you agree to the use of cookies to collect information. read our cookie policy. accept & close