来源URL: https://web.archive.org/web/20221205021109/https://www.beckett.com/about-us
================================================================================

about us connect with us! beckett loyalty club calendar offers forums login beckett is hiring new download app podcast beckett online price guide subscribe sports beckett preferred total access market data report vintage card access certified autographs baseball basketball football golf hockey racing mma non-sports die-cast wrestling soccer tennis figurines beanie babies gaming beckett android apps beckett baseball beckett basketball beckett football beckett hockey beckett sports card monthly dynamic duo baseball (12 issues + 1yr online price guide) basketball (12 issues + 1yr online price guide) football (12 issues + 1yr online price guide) hockey (12 issues + 1yr online price guide) non sports (6 issues + 1yr online price guide) browse baseball card autograph memorabilia rookie serial number football card autograph memorabilia rookie serial number basketball card autograph memorabilia rookie serial number hockey card autograph memorabilia rookie serial number racing card autograph memorabilia rookie serial number certified autographs memorabilia beckett certified appraisal multiproduct certified autographs opg new refer and save new beckett shield card sleeves new organize/trade organize trade beckett loyalty club new marketplace search cards on marketplace baseball cards boxes rookie cards autograph cards memorabilia cards modern vintage basketball cards boxes rookie cards autograph cards memorabilia cards modern vintage football cards boxes rookie cards autograph cards memorabilia cards modern vintage hockey cards boxes rookie cards autograph cards memorabilia cards modern vintage racing cards boxes rookie cards autograph cards memorabilia cards manufacturer fleer in the game leaf panini press pass sage topps upper deck search mp dealers free shipping offers autograph marketplace grading grading population report serial # lookup my grading orders submit your collectibles about beckett grading services & pricing pedigree/personalized grading faq our representatives beckett graded registry comics grading grading tat registry publications print/digital price guide print price guide baseball basketball football hockey sports card monthly card gamer digital price guide baseball basketball football hockey sports card monthly print magazines coinage rock n gem digital magazines coinage rock n gem books beckett autographs graded card price guide rookie card encyclopedia racing collectibles price guide baseball almanac baseball price guide football card price guide hockey card price guide basketball card price guide gaming almanac coinage rockngem coins search coin on price guide set type basics proofs bullions commemoratives satins edges plain reeded lettered gripped decorated coin type basics proofs bullions commemoratives satins precious metals gold silver platinum mint mark philadelphia san fransisco west point carson city new orleans charlotte designer christian gobrecht charles barber james earle fraser felix schlag joe fitzgerald jamie franki anthony defrancisci frank gasparro thomas rogers total coin collector publication conferences matchmaker beckett authentication services gaming sleeves & accessories new pricing/checklists marketplace all categories baseball basketball football hockey nonsport/gaming other/multi-sports cart (0) × enter your mobile number get download link × thank you for your interest in beckett mobile app. × receive a 10% credit in your beckett wallet for each friend who successfully places an opg order.your friend will also save 10% on his first opg purchase. forgot password? login new to beckett? sign up now! terms & conditions × back terms & conditions the beckett opg “refer & save” program (“program”) offered by beckett collectibles, llc (“beckett”) has been created to reward you, our loyal customers, (“you,” “member,” “referrer,” “participant”) for doing what you would already do – recommending the opg to friends and family who sign on to be beckett opg customers (“participants” or “referred”). the following beckett opg “refer & save” program terms and conditions (“program terms and conditions”) contain important information about the program, so please read them carefully. these program terms and conditions are a binding agreement between you and beckett and will govern your participation in any and all program offers. by participating in the program, you agree to the site terms and conditions and the site privacy policy. you are not authorized to participate in the program if you do not agree to these program terms and conditions in their entirety. beckett reserves the right to modify these program terms and conditions at any time, at its sole discretion, and without notice to you. participation in the program is considered acceptance of program terms and conditions and any modifications which might be made. beckett may also, in its sole discretion, change, cancel, suspend, or modify any aspect of the program without notice. beckett also reserves the right to disqualify any customers or prospective customers at any time from participation in the program. how the program works qualified referrals. a qualified referral occurs when: i. the referrer, a current opg customer of beckett, clicks the “refer & save” program link on the beckett website and shares a referral program link through email, facebook, linkedin, twitter, or the referral url with a person, the referred; ii. the referred then purchases one or multiple online price guide (opg) subscriptions when they arrive at the opg page of the beckett website by clicking the referral program link shared by the referrer; and iii. when the referred customer account has been activated with the purchased subscription(s), the referrer will receive a referral reward which is 10% of the total amount spent by the referred customer for purchasing the opg subscription(s). the referral reward will be calculated by the system and credited to the beckett wallet linked to the beckett account of the referrer. eligibility. to be eligible for participation in the program, the referrer must be a registered member of beckett. the referred customer must purchase at least one opg subscription. beckett reserves the right to find ineligible any participant in the program at its sole discretion. reward conditions. rewards may be taxable, depending on the value of the item and the federal, state, and local tax laws applicable to the participant. participants are solely responsible for reporting such items on their tax returns and paying any associated tax liability. conduct. participants in the program must comply with all up to date “spam” laws. any distribution of your referral link that could constitute unsolicited commercial email or “spam” under any applicable law or regulation is expressly prohibited and will be grounds for immediate termination of your account and exclusion from beckett’s referral program. beckett reserves the right, at its sole discretion, to prohibit any member from participating in any aspect of the program if beckett deems or suspects that such member has engaged in or has attempted to engage in any of the following: acting in violation of these program terms and conditions; damaging, tampering with, or corrupting the operation of the program or website; acting with intent to annoy, harass, or abuse any other person; any inappropriate, uncooperative, disruptive, fraudulent, potentially fraudulent, or unusual behavior or activity; or activity deemed in the sole discretion of beckett to be generally inconsistent with the intended operation of the program. beckett shall be the sole determiner in cases of suspected abuse, fraud, or breach of these program terms and conditions or intent of these program terms and conditions. liability binding effects. by participating in the program, you agree to and are bound by the program terms and conditions. if you do not wish to agree to and abide by the program terms and conditions in their entirety, you are not authorized to participate in the program. termination. beckett may, in its sole and absolute discretion, cancel, change, suspend, or modify any aspect of the program or program terms and conditions at any time, without notice. beckett may, in its sole and absolute discretion, terminate or suspend any member’s participation in the program for breach of these program terms and conditions or taking any actions that are inconsistent with the intent of these program terms and conditions. release. by participating in the program, participants release beckett, its parent company, subsidiaries, affiliates, suppliers, advertising, and promotions agencies, and their respective directors, officers, employees, and agents from any and all liability for any loss, harm, damages, cost, or expense, including, without limitation, property damages, personal injury and/or death, arising out of or in any way connected to the program and/or the use of any program rewards. indemnification. participants agree to indemnify, defend, and hold beckett and its representatives and agents harmless from and against any and all third party claims, demands, liabilities, costs, or expenses, including attorney’s fees and costs, arising from, or related to any breach by the participant of any of these program terms and conditions or any violation by participant of applicable law. disclaimer force majeure. beckett shall not be liable to any participant for failure to supply any credit or any part thereof, because of any acts of god, any action(s), regulation(s), order(s), or request(s) by any governmental or quasi-governmental entity (whether or not the action(s), regulation(s), order(s), or request(s) prove(s) to be invalid), equipment failure, threatened terrorist attacks, terrorist acts, air raid, blackout, earthquake, tornado, war, unusually severe weather, explosion, labor or material shortage, transportation interruption of any kind, work slow-down, civil disturbance, or any other similar or dissimilar cause beyond any of the control of beckett. reserved right. beckett reserves the right to cancel or suspend the program should it determine, in its sole discretion, that the administration, security, or fairness of the program has been compromised in any way. other terms these program terms and conditions constitute the entire agreement between participants and beckett concerning participants’ use of the referral program. the failure of beckett to exercise or enforce any right or provision of these program terms and conditions shall not constitute a waiver of such right or provision. if any provision of these program terms and conditions is found by a court of competent jurisdiction to be invalid, the parties nevertheless agree that the court should endeavor to give effect to the parties’ intentions as reflected in the provision, and the other provisions of these program terms and conditions remain in full force and effect. the section titles in these program terms and conditions are for convenience only and have no legal or contractual effect. a person who is not a party to these program terms and conditions shall have no right to enforce or receive the benefit of any of these program terms and conditions. the terms and conditions applicable to members’ use of beckett’s services can be found at https://www.beckett.com/tos terms & conditions home about us about beckett.com - the #1 authority on collectibles beckett media has been the voice of the collectibles industry from the time dr. james beckett published his first sport americana baseball card price guide book in 1979 to the launch of the first issue of beckett baseball magazine five years later. in the time since that rather simplistic first issue of beckett baseball, the magazine – and the company itself – has grown in significant proportions, similar to the very field it covers. under the guidance of dr. beckett, the company mastered the print medium, expanded price guide titles to other sports and other genres, introduced web commerce as a viable means of trade and instituted grading as an important segment of the company portfolio. beckett media now stands poised to continue the foundation first laid down by dr. beckett – one of integrity, commitment and accuracy. in doing so, beckett media will proudly move the beckett brand forward through an exciting future, all the while continuing to serve its current customers and attracting a new generation of collectors. most importantly, beckett media will maintain the trust and excellence the company was built upon. beckett’s company statement is more than just words on a sign hanging in the office hallway. it’s a statement of our goal, and what our mission is each and every day: "with over 30 years of serving as the most trusted resource for collectors, beckett media will continue to facilitate trade and lead the collectibles industry with dynamic products and services." beckett media’s commitment hasn’t wavered, and now there is even more beckett media emphasis on staying ahead of the curve, remaining versatile and maintaining flexibility to continue adding and expanding in a market in flux. the company continues to offer innovative products and first-class service to customers. it’s what the beckett name was built on. to demonstrate the ability to lead the market while engaging customers in fresh new ways, beckett media has successfully launched new initiatives in new verticals: beckett business solutions provides a b2b platform for small- and medium-sized hobby businesses, helping them upload their entire shop inventory to beckett marketplace and ebay in just a click of a few buttons. beckett media has entered the digital frontier by launching digital magazine subscriptions and the beckett app. beckett digital magazines are now available on apple newsstand, google play and kindle. the beckett app is available through the app store and google play. beckett products and services for the new and experienced collector online price guide - the hobby's most reliable and relied upon sourcetm the beckett online price guide is the “most reliable pricing resource online,” providing instant access to millions of sports, non-sports, and gaming card listings. the database features an exhaustive supply of pricing and checklists. beckett’s pricing team constantly analyzes card values and trends, and provides timely pricing to assist customers in their efforts to buy, sell, or put a value on their collections. the price guide database contains information on cards from professional leagues and their associated minor leagues, colleges, team issues, foreign sets, food issues, draft pick sets, team usa and more. each card in our database is accurately cataloged to include brand, manufacturer, serial number, team name, and print run (when provided by manufacturer) as well as a multitude of card attributes including designations for rookie cards, memorabilia cards and autograph cards. and now collectors can instantly view their online price guide through the beckett app. access is free with their online price guide subscription. publications beckett media is the premier publisher of monthly sports collectibles magazines, and specialty market collectible platforms in the u.s. and is considered the world's most trusted source in collecting. magazines include engaging content that offers timely insights into new products and cards that are attracting interest on the secondary market. beckett media is also a leading publisher of a line of successful sports card price guide books and annuals. in addition to the sports magazines, beckett publishes many non-sport titles: rock&gem, coinage, non-sport update, and many special interest magazines. organize organize is the world’s most complete online collecting tool and enables collectors to accurately document their collection, trade items with other members, download checklists and more. beckett media customers find endless value in this organizing tool which enables them to easily maintain and track their inventories. grading services beckett grading services – or as commonly known, bgs - has emerged as the most-recognized name in the industry for its objective card grading services. it was named the best grading service six consecutive years by card trade readers. beckett vintage grading, or bvg as it is called, was introduced in 2001 and is the only grading service committed exclusively to vintage cards. a new addition to the line is the beckett grading services club, a new value-packed grading club that provides collectors value. the new bgs club offers four levels of membership allowing an opportunity for every budget. beckett authenticaton services beckett authentication services was established in november of 2016 to provide an autograph authentication service that will be the most trusted and respected in this industry. led by the two top autograph authenticators in the world, steve grad and brian sobrero bring their years of autograph experience to form the newest member to the beckett team. bas is now accepting submissions through the mail or in person at one of the many events they will attend each year. bgs registry the beckett registry is the beckett graded card collector’s showcase. organizing cards in this online registry is easy and becomes a display for you to show off your collection to other collectors all over the world. marketplace the beckett marketplace is a one-stop online shop for all collecting needs with an inventory of more than 30 million sports, non-sports, and gaming cards and collectibles from dealers nationwide. the beckett marketplace offers an assortment of collectibles such as rookie cards, memorabilia cards, and autograph cards as well as boxes and collecting supplies. matchmaker the easiest way to find collectibles you want! through the power of beckett organize, quickly and easily match your collection needs and overages to other collectors who are buying, selling, and trading. communicate through the website and complete your collection. beckett loyalty club introducing the beckett loyalty club, a new program from beckett to reward our members. by joining, you will start to earn points through special activities and qualified purchases, as well as receive special offers from beckett. beckett coin collector collectors can now price, organize, trade, buy, and soon sell u.s. coins on beckett.com. the database available to collectors includes over 20,000 u.s. coins ranging from 1793 to the present. spreading our wings: the era of acquisition! the industry summit beckett media has acquired the industry summit, the ultimate trade event conference for sports collectible executives and insiders, from wisconsin-based isaacson consulting group, llc. summit founder kevin isaacson will continue to host the summit and additional events under a newly-formed beckett conference division. in addition to hosting the summit, isaacson will also serve beckett as an executive consultant, supporting the company’s growth initiatives for beckett business solutions and additional product lines. coinage and rock & gem beckett media recently acquired industry-leading coinage and rock & gem publications from trimbach media. beckett’s rich experience and strategic focus on the publication community has helped in serving the current readership and expand the offerings to reach out to new audiences by keeping the core interests of the hobby subscribers in mind while offering them unparalleled service. non-sport update non-sport update is a leading magazine for collectors of non-sport trading cards (cards that focus on movies, television, sci-fi, comics, music, etc.-anything other than sports). the magazine is published bi-monthly and is filled with features and departments focusing on the latest trading card releases, promotional cards, online happenings, and vintage cards. it comes with a 32-page price guide list with values for the most popular card series from the 1880s through today. browse by players directory team directory set directory brand directory manufacturer directorymulti-product beckett preferred baseball cards basketball cards football cards beckett products beckett marketplace magazines — subscribe now! beckett authentication services comic book certification service (cbcs) beckett grading service beckett store beckett certified appraisal dynamic duo offer beckett loyalty club beckett other links store locator about beckett collectibles, llc show calendar become a retailer grading & authenticationstore locator grading faqs contact us work with us privacy policy terms of service help copyright © 2022, beckett collectibles, llc. all rights reserved. work with us    beckett loyalty club × enter your mobile number get download link × thank you for your interest in beckett mobile app. we use cookies to help personalize content, tailor and measure ads, and provide a safer experience. by navigating the site, you agree to the use of cookies to collect information. read our cookie policy. accept & close connect with us! × talk to us call toll free 855-777-2325 (mon - fri, 9am - 8pm cdt) or schedule a call or email us just write to us what you need. we respond to emails very quickly. customerservice@beckett.com or chat with us prefer a silent conversation? click on the leave a message icon at the bottom right of the page. (available from mon - fri, 9am - 8pm cdt) please let us know a convenient time to call you on (*all time slots are available in cdt zone.) wednesday, oct 12, 2022thursday, oct 13, 2022friday, oct 14, 2022monday, oct 17, 2022tuesday, oct 18, 2022 09:00-09:30 09:30-10:00 10:00-10:30 10:30-11:00 11:00-11:30 11:30-12:00 12:00-12:30 12:30-13:00 13:00-13:30 13:30-14:00 14:00-14:30 14:30-15:00 15:00-15:30 16:00-16:30 16:30-17:00 17:00-17:30 17:30-18:00 18:00-18:30 18:30-19:00 19:00-19:30 19:30-20:00 schedule a call 09:00-09:30 09:30-10:00 10:00-10:30 10:30-11:00 11:00-11:30 11:30-12:00 12:00-12:30 12:30-13:00 13:00-13:30 13:30-14:00 14:00-14:30 14:30-15:00 15:00-15:30 16:00-16:30 16:30-17:00 17:00-17:30 17:30-18:00 18:00-18:30 18:30-19:00 19:00-19:30 19:30-20:00 09:00-09:30 09:30-10:00 10:00-10:30 10:30-11:00 11:00-11:30 11:30-12:00 12:00-12:30 12:30-13:00 13:00-13:30 13:30-14:00 14:00-14:30 14:30-15:00 15:00-15:30 16:00-16:30 16:30-17:00 17:00-17:30 17:30-18:00 18:00-18:30 18:30-19:00 19:00-19:30 19:30-20:00 thank you for choosing this service. our experts will call you on your preferred time.