来源URL: https://web.archive.org/web/20250502173816/https://www.beckett.com/privacy
================================================================================

beckett collectibles - grading, authentication, pricing & vaultingsubmitloginprivacy policyi. purposesets the privacy policy for the beckett.com website. beckett ("us", "we", or "our") operates the beckett.com website (hereinafter referred to as the "service"). this page informs you of our policies regarding the collection, use and disclosure of personal data when you use our service and the choices you have associated with that data. we use your data to provide and improve the service. by using the service, you agree to the collection and use of information in accordance with this policy. unless otherwise defined in this privacy policy, the terms used in this privacy policy have the same meanings as in our terms and conditions, accessible from beckett.com for certain commercial services offered by beckett, we may collect business information such as account contact name, business phone numbers, and business email addresses. to the extent business information is excluded from or not included in the definition of “personal data,” “personal information,” or similar terms under applicable statutes, regulations, or case law in your jurisdiction, beckett may use such information as it sees fit for its business purposes and such information will not be subject to the terms of this privacy policy.ii. definitions service service is the beckett.com website operated by beckett personal data personal data means data about a living individual who can be identified from those data (or from those and other information either in our possession or likely to come into our possession). usage data usage data is data collected automatically either generated by the use of the service or from the service infrastructure itself (for example, the duration of a page visit). cookies cookies are small files stored on your device (computer or mobile device). data controller data controller means the natural or legal person who (either alone or jointly or in common with other persons) determines the purposes for which and the manner in which any personal information are, or are to be, processed. for the purpose of this privacy policy, we are a data controller of your personal data. data processor data processor (or service provider) means any natural or legal person who processes the data on behalf of the data controller. we may use the services of various service providers in order to process your data more effectively. data subject data subject is any living individual who is using our service and is the subject of personal data iii. information collection and use a. type of data collected a. personal data while using our service, we may ask you to provide us with certain personally identifiable information that can be used to contact or identify you ("personal data"). personally identifiable information may include, but is not limited to: email address first name and last name phone number address, state, province, zip/postal code, city cookies and usage data we may use your personal data to contact you with newsletters, marketing or promotional materials and other information that may be of interest to you. you may opt out of receiving any, or all, of these communications from us by following the unsubscribe link or instructions provided in any email we send or by contacting us b. usage data we may also collect information on how the service is accessed and used ("usage data"). this usage data may include information such as your computer's internet protocol address (e.g., ip address), browser type, browser version, the pages of our service that you visit, the time and date of your visit, the time spent on those pages, unique device identifiers and other diagnostic data. c. tracking and cookies data we use cookies and similar tracking technologies to track the activity on our service and we hold certain information. cookies are files with a small amount of data which may include an anonymous unique identifier. cookies are sent to your browser from a website and stored on your device. other tracking technologies are also used such as beacons, tags and scripts to collect and track information and to improve and analyse our service. you can instruct your browser to refuse all cookies or to indicate when a cookie is being sent. however, if you do not accept cookies, you may not be able to use some portions of our service. examples of cookies we use: session cookies. we use session cookies to operate our service. preference cookies. we use preference cookies to remember your preferences and various settings. security cookies. we use security cookies for security purposes. b. use of data beckett uses the collected data for various purposes including, without limitation: to provide and maintain our service to notify you about changes to our service to allow you to participate in interactive features of our service when you choose to do so to provide customer support to gather analysis or valuable information so that we can improve our service to monitor the usage of our service to detect, prevent and address technical issues to provide you with news, special offers and general information about other goods, services and events which we offer that are similar to those that you have already purchased or enquired about unless you have opted not to receive such information c. california privacy statement california residents have certain rights under the california shine the light law and the california consumer privacy act ("ccpa"). ccpa disclosures in general, within the preceding 12 months: we have collected the categories of personal information listed in section 2 above. we have collected these categories of personal information directly from you, when you use our services, and from third parties for the purposes described in section 2 above. we have disclosed the following categories of personal information for business purposes: identifiers and contact information; professional and employment-related information; commercial information; transactional information; and internet and network activity information. we have not sold your personal information. ccpa privacy rights as of january 1, 2020, certain california residents are entitled to privacy rights under the ccpa. clients who wish to exercise these rights should direct their requests to the member that controls their personal information. the right to know. you have the right to request to know (i) the specific pieces of personal information we have about you; (ii) the categories of personal information we have collected about you in the last 12 months; (iii) the categories of sources from which that personal information was collected; (iv) the categories of your personal information that we sold or disclosed in the last 12 months; (v) the categories of third parties to whom your personal information was sold or disclosed in the last 12 months; and (vi) the purpose for collecting and selling your personal information. the right to deletion. you have the right to request that we delete the personal information that we have collected or maintain about you. we may deny your request under certain circumstances, such as if we need to comply with our legal obligations or complete a transaction for which your personal information was collected. if we deny your request for deletion, we will let you know the reason why. the right to equal service. if you choose to exercise any of these rights, we will not discriminate against you in anyway. if you exercise certain rights, understand that you may be unable to use or access certain features of our services. you may exercise your right to know and your right to deletion twice a year free of charge. to exercise your right to know or your right to deletion, contact us at webmaster@beckett.com we will take steps to verify your identity before processing your request to know or request to delete. we will not fulfil your request unless you have provided sufficient information for us to verify you are the individual about whom we collected personal information. if you have an account with us, we will use our existing account authentication practices to verify your identity. if you do not have an account with us, we may request additional information about you to verify your identity. we will only use the personal information provided in the verification process to verify your identity or authority to make a request and to track and document request responses unless you initially provided the information for another purpose. you may use an authorized agent to submit a request to know or a request to delete. when we verify your agent’s request, we may verify both your and your agent’s identity and request a signed document from you that authorizes your agent to make the request on your behalf. to protect your personal information, we reserve the right to deny a request from an agent that does not submit proof that they have been authorized by you to act on their behalf. shine the light our california customers are also entitled to request and obtain from beckett once per calendar year information about any of your personal information shared with third parties for their own direct marketing purposes, including the categories of information and the names and addresses of those businesses with which we have shared such information. to request this information please contact us at webmaster@beckett.com d. legal basis for processing personal data under the general data protection regulation (gdpr) if you are from the european economic area (eea), beckett legal basis for collecting and using the personal information described in this privacy policy depends on the personal data we collect and the specific context in which we collect it. beckett may process your personal data because: we need to perform a contract with you you have given us permission to do so the processing is in our legitimate interests, and it is not overridden by your rights to comply with the law e. retention of data beckett will retain your personal data only for as long as is necessary for the purposes set out in this privacy policy. we will retain and use your personal data to the extent necessary to comply with our legal obligations (for example, if we are required to retain your data to comply with applicable laws), resolve disputes and enforce our legal agreements and policies. beckett will also retain usage data for internal analysis purposes. usage data is generally retained for a shorter period, except when this data is used to strengthen the security or to improve the functionality of our service, or we are legally obligated to retain this data for longer periods. f. disclosure of data a. disclosure for law enforcement under certain circumstances, beckett may be required to disclose your personal data if required to do so by law or in response to valid requests by public authorities (e.g., a court or a government agency). b. legal requirements beckett may disclose your personal data in the good faith belief that such action is necessary to: to comply with a legal obligation to protect and defend the rights or property of beckett to prevent or investigate possible wrongdoing in connection with the service to protect the personal safety of users of the service or the public to protect against legal liability g. security of data the security of your data is important to us but remember that no method of transmission over the internet or method of electronic storage is 100% secure. while we strive to use commercially acceptable means to protect your personal data, we cannot guarantee its absolute security. h. our policy on "do not track" signals under the california online protection act (caloppa) we do not support do not track ("dnt"). do not track is a preference you can set in your web browser to inform websites that you do not want to be tracked. you can enable or disable do not track by visiting the preferences or settings page of your web browser. i.your data protection rights under the general data protection regulation (gdpr) if you are a resident of the european economic area (eea), you have certain data protection rights. beckett aims to take reasonable steps to allow you to correct, amend, delete, or limit the use of your personal data. if you wish to be informed about what personal data, we hold about you and if you want it to be removed from our systems, please contact us. in certain circumstances, you have the following data protection rights: the right to access, update or delete the information we have on you. whenever made possible, you can access, update or request deletion of your personal data directly within your account settings section. if you are unable to perform these actions yourself, please contact us to assist you. the right of rectification. you have the right to have your information rectified if that information is inaccurate or incomplete. the right to object. you have the right to object to our processing of your personal data. the right of restriction. you have the right to request that we restrict the processing of your personal information. the right to data portability. you have the right to be provided with a copy of the information we have on you in a structured, machine-readable, and commonly used format. the right to withdraw consent. you also have the right to withdraw your consent at any time where beckett relied on your consent to process your personal information. please note that we will ask you to verify your identity before responding to such requests. you have the right to complain to a data protection authority about our collection and use of your personal data. for more information, please contact your local data protection authority in the european economic area (eea). j. service providers we may employ third party companies and individuals to facilitate our service ("service providers"), provide the service on our behalf, perform service-related services or assist us in analyzing how our service is used. these third parties have access to your personal data only to perform these tasks on our behalf and are obligated not to disclose or use it for any other purpose. k. children's privacy our service does not address anyone under the age of 13 ("children"). we do not knowingly collect personally identifiable information from anyone under the age of 13. if you are a parent or guardian and you are aware that your child has provided us with personal data, please contact us. if we become aware that we have collected personal data from children without verification of parental consent, we take steps to remove that information from our servers. l. changes to this privacy policy we may update our privacy policy from time to time. we will notify you of any changes by posting the new privacy policy on this page. we will let you know via email and/or a prominent notice on our service, prior to the change becoming effective and update the "effective date" at the top of this privacy policy. you are advised to review this privacy policy periodically for any changes. changes to this privacy policy are effective when they are posted on this page. m. contact us if you have any questions about this privacy policy, please contact us: by email: privacy@beckett.com sign up for beckett’s latest news and exclusive offerssign upyes, sign me up.you can unsubscribe at anytime. privacy policyservices gradingnewsonline price guidemarketplaceauthenticatecbcspublicationsinsurancebrowse by pop reportbaseball cardsbasketball cardsfootball cardshockey cardssoccer cardsgaming cardsnon-sports cardsvhsnewplayer directoryteam directoryset directoryresources eventsgrading faqvhs faqadvertise with usbecome a dealercontacthelpgift cardscompany about uspress releasescareershiring nowlegal privacy policyterms of servicecookie settingsget the app© 2025 beckett collectibles, llc. all rights reserved.disclosure about relationship with epn. when you click on links to various merchants on this site and make a purchase, this can result in this site earning a commission. affiliate programs and affiliations include, but are not limited to, the ebay partner network.