来源URL: https://web.archive.org/web/20091214210345/http://www.beau-coup.com/testimonials.htm
================================================================================

testimonials from beaucoup wedding favors customers info & faq  |  customer service  |   view cart |  toll-free: 877-988-2328 bestsellers bestselling favors, gifts & supplies wedding favors baby shower favors bridal shower favors birthday party favors holiday party favors party supplies bridesmaid gifts groomsmen gifts all bestsellers beau-coup favorites staff picks beau-coup exclusives occasions bridal wedding favors bridal shower favors engagement party favors bachelorette party favors bachelor party favors birthday 1st birthday party favors sweet 16 party favors all birthday party favors baby baby shower favors religious baptism favors christening favors communion favors bar mitzvah favors bat mitzvah favors confirmation favors more occasions holiday party favors anniversary party favors corporate gifts & favors graduation favors prom favors halloween party favors thanksgiving party favors more party essentials & ideas party invitations party planning ideas wedding top wedding favors most popular wedding favors personalized wedding favors fall wedding favors favor boxes, ribbons & tags all wedding favors edible wedding favors candy wedding favors chocolate wedding favors tea wedding favors wedding cookies all edible wedding favors seasonal wedding favors winter wedding favors spring wedding favors summer wedding favors fall wedding favors themed wedding favors beach wedding favors las vegas wedding favors garden wedding favors heart shaped wedding favors asian wedding favors wine & cocktail favors eco-friendly wedding favors do it yourself wedding favors practical wedding favors hand fans wine stoppers wedding candles mini picture frames coasters all practical wedding favors wedding favors packaging favor boxes & containers ribbons, labels & favor tags favor bags & envelopes all wedding favors packaging wedding supplies personalized napkins place card holders place cards guest books cake toppers candies & almonds all wedding supplies wedding decorations ceremony decorations wedding centerpieces all wedding decorations bridal party gifts bridesmaid gifts groomsmen gifts monogrammed gifts personalized gifts all bridal party gifts more wedding essentials wedding invitations save the dates thank you cards wedding ideas colin cowie boutique unique wedding ideas beau-coup wedding blog baby shower baby shower favors most popular baby shower favors personalized baby shower favors edible baby shower favors do it yourself baby shower favors baby shower candle favors baby shower cookies baby shower mint tins all baby shower favors more baby shower essentials & ideas baby shower decorations baby shower gifts baby shower supplies baby shower games baby shower boxes, ribbons & labels baby shower invitations unique baby shower ideas bridal shower bridal shower favors most popular bridal shower favors personalized bridal shower favors edible bridal shower favors tea bridal shower favors do it yourself bridal shower favors eco-friendly bridal shower favors bridal shower mint tins all bridal shower favors more bridal shower essentials favor boxes, ribbons & labels bridal shower games bridal shower decorations bridal shower supplies bridal shower gifts bridal shower invitations birthday party birthday party favors most popular birthday party favors personalized birthday party favors all birthday party favors milestone birthdays 1st birthday sweet sixteen more birthday essentials & ideas birthday party decorations birthday party supplies favor boxes, ribbons & labels birthday gifts birthday party invitations party planning ideas packaging party favors packaging ribbons, labels & favor tags favor boxes & containers favor bags & envelopes all party favors packaging about beau-coup our story our guiding principles press center notable clients customer testimonials charitable giving our partners jobs contact us connect with us follow us on twitter become a fan on facebook visit our blog home > testimonials from beau-coup customers beau-coup customer testimonials we are grateful for the support of our loyal customers who continue to spread the word about us. at beau-coup our goal is to offer an unmatched selection of unique party favors and gifts while providing a pleasant shopping experience through outstanding customer service. if we can help make event planning a little less stressful, we've done our jobs. please read what some of our customers are saying about us! view all | page123456789101112131415 i had to take a minute and write this short email to you. unfortunately, i feel customer service is almost obsolete in this day and age. however, with the experience i had with beau-coup today and my dealings with gina i can honestly say you hit the mark and then some. she is a gem! i had placed an order several days ago on line and didn't follow the instructions of the time table for shipping and the minimal number one had to place. i received a call from a representative and was disappointed and frustrated that the baby shower was in a few days and my request could not be filled in a timely manner. i had nothing to give out to the guests. i asked to speak to a supervisor ...gina was not available but she called back after her meeting, listened, and told me "all is not lost". we spoke briefly, as the day was done, and she said we could talk in the morning and she would tell me what items she could ship to me in time. ...she placed a different order over the phone with me. her patience, thoughtfulness, caring assistance and delightful suggestions were great and i ended up spending twice as much as planned. as i am sure you hear the negatives and complaints from customers i felt it necessary to share in my tale of a happy ending to a story i thought would be tragic. she is a winner in my book.janice, toluca lake, californiathank you so much for paying close attention to my online order. your personal attention shows me that your company really cares about customer satisfaction and making sure our special day is all that we want it to be. i have ordered many things for this wedding online and several errors have been made. i was so pleased to receive your phone call double checking that the favors would be as i wanted. thanks again and i will definitely recommend beaucoup to friends!erin, fresno, californiahello there, i received my order today. i have never written a company to provide customer satisfaction feedback, but i wanted to do so for you. your customer service is excellent. i was a little worried about not getting my favors in time so i called your customer service desk. i honestly thought there was no way they would get here by the party date. your rep assured me they would arrive by my party date and they arrived 3 days early. your selection is elegant and hip, your staff is wonderful and i am very happy i ordered with you. i will refer you to all i know. thank you so much,noel, oakland, californiai recently made a purchase for my sister's baby shower. the product selection and prices were unbeatable in comparison to all the other companies i found (both online and offline) and the ordering process couldn't be easier. most impressive was the customer service i received. i have worked in numerous call centers over the years (for small business and fortune 500 companies) and i have nothing but the best to say about the staff at beaucoup. from when i had to revise my order, to when i was billed incorrectly by ups for duty, the reps i spoke with were helpful, polite, and went out of their way to help me. they volunteered their name and direct telephone numbers, and returned my calls when promised. although this may seem both simple and logical, this level of service is surprisingly rare to come by and a welcome treat. thank you all for everything. i will not only be a repeat customer but will recommend you to everyone i know as well! sincerely,anna truong, ontario, canadai recently purchased favors for my daughter's bridal shower from your company. i found the favors on the internet, but wanted to check the feasibility of ordering the favors in a different color. i called the number listed on your site and spoke to one of your representatives, winnie ying. winnie was not only very helpful-she went the extra distance to check on the possibility of ordering my favors in a different color and helped me determine the correct shipping method to insure that the favors would arrive in time for the shower. i manage a support center at a local community college, so i know how critical it is in business to not only meet but exceed a customer's expections. winnie provided me with that kind of experience. she was very accommodating, added a personal note with my orders, and then helped me again when i needed to order extra items after the shower. i know that this is all part of her job, but i wanted you to know how much i appreciated her excellent service. sincerely,barb, des plaines, iowahi polly, i want to share with you how pleasant it has been for me to work with your employee gina. i have had several questions and changes made to my order. she has been accommodating, accurate, efficient and most of all polite. it is so rare to get this level of service nowadays. if your company recognizes quality performance, i sure feel gina should be considered for that recognition. i plan to continue to be a customer of beau-coup.com because of the great treatment i received from gina. thank you,patty barker, carlton, washingtondear amy, gina and linda...and also others who may have helped me, you all are great! i'm certain you'll know who i am if i just say "i am the pain". in case you have more than one pain as a customer, i am andrea livelsberger, order # 58781. thank you, thank you for thee most wonderful service and kindness! you are a wonderful staff! that on top of each product i received being of super quality makes me want to have parties just so i can call you! i will pass your company name along and i will personally order from you again and again. the next time(s) i hope not to be in a rush...this elopement has been a whirlwind...but fun. with kindest regards,andrea livelsberger, harrisburg, pennsylvaniadear beaucoup, i must say this ~~ of all the vendors we have worked with in the planning of my daughter's wedding in june (and there have been many!), beaucoup has outshined all the others with impeccable service. the first draw is your incredible website detailing your products with exceptional photography and description, followed by your immediate attention to order confirmation detail, complete customer understanding of when my order will ship, complete tracking information by item as to when each item will be received, incredibly fast delivery times for personalized items, and last but certainly not least, beaucoup's perfection in packaging. i am amazed, and will purchase from beaucoup over and over again!! thank you for that during such a time crunch period, where it seems everything is needed yesterday no matter how much you pre plan!! thank you for making this mother of the bride's job quite a bit easier and so much less stressful!christine, carrollton, virginiadear shay, once again, i was amazed with the speed of your delivery. the bridal shower was a great success and everyone loved the bridal bags and sugar hearts. i will definitely be ordering more from you. thanks again! cheers,yasmin, selangor, malaysiamay i take this opportunity to commend your sales agent, amanda. i placed my first order with beau coup this evening and it was my good fortune to be assisted by amanda. rarely–if ever–does a business offer this kind of customer service–outstanding! please extend my appreciation to amanda for being helpful and efficient. thank you,jackie vibbert, teterboro, new jersey view all | page123456789101112131415 contact us toll free: 877-988-2328 intl phone: +1-650-967-3700 email: info@beau-coup.com live chat: chat now! hours: m-f 7am-5:30pm pst about us press center testimonials notable clients charitable giving site map order info check order status info & faq international orders online catalog work with us jobs affiliate program for event planners our partners newsletter & offers sign up for news and special offers today! security & privacy | © 2009 beau-coup favors, inc™. all rights reserved.