来源URL: https://web.archive.org/web/20091214210345/http://www.beau-coup.com/orderinfo.htm
================================================================================

beau-coup help and frequently asked questions info & faq  |  customer service  |   view cart |  toll-free: 877-988-2328 bestsellers bestselling favors, gifts & supplies wedding favors baby shower favors bridal shower favors birthday party favors holiday party favors party supplies bridesmaid gifts groomsmen gifts all bestsellers beau-coup favorites staff picks beau-coup exclusives occasions bridal wedding favors bridal shower favors engagement party favorsrehearsal dinner favors bachelorette party favors bachelor party favors birthday 1st birthday party favors quinceañera favors sweet 16 party favors 21st birthday party favors all birthday party favors baby baby shower favors religious baptism favors christening favors communion favors bar mitzvah favors bat mitzvah favors confirmation favors more occasions anniversary party favors corporate gifts & favors graduation favors prom favors halloween party favors thanksgiving party favors holiday party favors more party essentials & ideas party invitations party planning ideas wedding top wedding favors most popular wedding favors personalized wedding favors favor boxes, ribbons & tags all wedding favors edible wedding favors candy wedding favors chocolate wedding favors tea wedding favors wedding cookies all edible wedding favors seasonal wedding favors spring wedding favors summer wedding favors fall wedding favors winter wedding favors themed wedding favors beach wedding favors las vegas wedding favors garden wedding favors heart shaped wedding favors asian wedding favors wine & cocktail favors eco-friendly wedding favors do it yourself wedding favors practical wedding favors hand fans wine stoppers wedding candles mini picture frames coasters all practical wedding favors wedding favors packaging favor boxes & containers ribbons, labels & favor tags favor bags & envelopes all wedding favors packaging wedding supplies personalized napkins place card holders place cards guest books cake toppers candies & almonds all wedding supplies wedding decorations ceremony decorations wedding centerpieces all wedding decorations bridal party gifts bridesmaid gifts groomsmen gifts monogrammed gifts personalized gifts all bridal party gifts more wedding essentials wedding invitations save the dates thank you cards wedding ideas colin cowie boutique unique wedding ideas beau-coup wedding blog baby shower baby shower favors most popular baby shower favors personalized baby shower favors edible baby shower favors do it yourself baby shower favors baby shower candle favors baby shower cookies baby shower mint tins all baby shower favors more baby shower essentials & ideas baby shower decorations baby shower gifts baby shower supplies baby shower games baby shower boxes, ribbons & labels baby shower invitations unique baby shower ideas bridal shower bridal shower favors most popular bridal shower favors personalized bridal shower favors edible bridal shower favors tea bridal shower favors do it yourself bridal shower favors eco-friendly bridal shower favors bridal shower mint tins all bridal shower favors more bridal shower essentials favor boxes, ribbons & labels bridal shower games bridal shower decorations bridal shower supplies bridal shower gifts bridal shower invitations birthday party birthday party favors most popular birthday party favors personalized birthday party favors all birthday party favors more birthday essentials & ideas birthday party decorations birthday party supplies favor boxes, ribbons & labels birthday gifts birthday party invitations party planning ideas milestone birthdays 1st birthday quinceañera sweet sixteen 21st birthday all birthdays packaging party favors packaging ribbons, labels & favor tags favor boxes & containers favor bags & envelopes all party favors packaging bestselling favors what's new at beau-coup deal of the day favors by occasion wedding favors most popular wedding favors edible wedding favors favor boxes, ribbons, labels bridal shower favors most popular shower favors personalized shower favors baby shower favors most popular baby favors baby shower decorations baby shower gifts birthday party favors most popular birthday favors birthday party supplies more occasions anniversary party favors bachelor party favors bachelorette party favors baptism / christening favors bar mitzvah / bat mitzvah favors communion favors corporate favors & gifts engagement party favors graduation party favors halloween party favors holiday party favors prom favors quinceañera favors sweet sixteen favors by category edible wedding favors all edible wedding favors candy wedding favors chocolate wedding favors tea wedding favors custom cookie favors personalized mint tins favors & gift packaging all favors packaging custom wedding labels favor bags favor boxes, tins & jars personalized gift tags personalized ribbons personalized favors all personalized favors custom cookies monogrammed favors & gifts personalized chocolate bars personalized mint tins personalized napkins practical wedding favors all practical wedding favors candles coasters hand fans luggage tags picture frames wine bottle stoppers more categories candle wedding favors crystal & glass favors do it yourself wedding favors hand fan favors picture frame favors favors by theme beach wedding favors heart shaped favors las vegas wedding favors garden wedding favors more themes asian wedding favors christmas party favors golf wedding favors eco-friendly favors sports party favors travel wedding favors wine & cocktail favors favors by season spring wedding favors summer wedding favors fall wedding favors winter wedding favors favors packaging favor boxes, tins & jars favor bags ribbon, tags & labels all favors packaging unique gifts bridesmaids gifts groomsmen gifts all wedding party gifts corporate gifts party essentials place card holders picture frames place card holders place cards wedding centerpieces wedding decorations all wedding decorations party hand fans personalized labels personalized ribbons wedding napkins wedding ceremony decorations wedding supplies all wedding supplies almonds & candies guest books personalized napkins wedding cake toppers wedding cameras wedding ceremony supplies invitations wedding & bridal shower baby shower, birthday & more thank you cards favors by price favors under $1 favors $1-$3 favors $3-$5 all price categories unique planning ideas beau-coup wedding blog all planning ideas unique wedding ideas baby shower ideas party planning ideas video gallery resources home > order info and faq help & frequently asked questions we welcome your questions and feedback. feel free to contact us by phone, email, or live chat. for the fastest answer, read our frequently asked questions below. click on the links below to quickly jump to the topic: ordering international orders shipping & fulfillment returns & exchanges special services & programs security & privacy policy about beau-coup contacting beau-coup contact us phone toll-free: 877-988-2328 international: +1-650-967-3700 monday - friday (7:00 am - 5:30 pm pst) email general inquiries: info@beau-coup.com order inquiries: orders@beau-coup.com we will respond to your emails within 2 business days. live chat click here to chat live now. monday - friday (7:00 am - 5:30 pm pst) ordering view all | close all back to the top what are my payment options? beau-coup accepts visa, mastercard, american express and discover credit card payments. we also accept cashiers checks, money orders and personal checks. all orders paid for by personal checks will not ship until payment has been received and the check cleared. what is the currency for all prices? all prices listed on our beau-coup's website are quoted in us dollars. will i be charged sales tax? all orders shipped to destinations within the state of california are charged 9.25% sales tax. orders shipped to destinations outside the state of california will not be charged sales tax. are online transactions secure? beau-coup assures that all transactions conducted online are completely secure. our website uses secure socket layer (ssl) certified by thawte to encrypt all of your personal information. we use strong security measures to prevent the loss, misuse and alteration of your information once it is in our records. please read our security and privacy policy for details. can i order by phone? orders can be placed over the phone by calling beau-coup's toll free number 877-988-2328. one of our friendly and helpful customer care representatives can assist you with your order. for customers located outside the united states, please call our local number +1-650-967-3700. our customer care representatives are available to assist you monday - friday (7:00 am - 5:30 pm pst). do you have a printed catalogue? beau-coup does not send a printed catalog in the mail. however we do offer a printable, web-based catalog of selected items on our website. click here and follow the instructions on the page to print a copy of our most recent catalog. do you offer samples? we work hard to provide detailed product descriptions and clear product images but understand that you may still wish to order samples. personalized products as well as some products sold in sets are not available for purchase as a sample. products which are available for purchase as a sample have a sample purchase button on its product page. sample orders will be charged the unit price of the product plus shipping and handling. please call us at 877-988-2328 with any questions about specific products. do products come assembled? many of our products come with packaging options included. however, unless specified, products do not come pre-assembled. please read the product description provided on the product page for details. will i receive an email confirmation for my order? you will receive an email confirmation shortly after placing your order. please review your order details carefully and contact customer service immediately if you wish to make any changes. once your order has been processed and is ready to be shipped from our facility, you will receive a second email containing ups delivery and tracking information. order and shipping confirmation emails are sent to the shipping email address. international orders view all | close all back to the top do you ship internationally? beau-coup welcomes international orders. we ship everywhere ups delivers. if you are an international customer and wish to contact our customer service department, please call our local number +1-650-967-3700. our customer care representatives are available to assist you monday - friday (7:00 am - 5:30 pm pst). please click here to read more about international orders. what is your policy regarding duties, taxes and brokerage fees? for orders shipped to destinations outside of the united states, beau-coup is not responsible for any duties, taxes and brokerage fees associated with the shipment. furthermore, beau-coup is not knowledgeable about country-specific import regulations and will not be responsible for fees/damages associated with noncompliance. we strongly encourage you to research all country-specific facts, information and regulations prior to placing an order. click here to learn more about country-specific regulations that may affect your international shipment. shipping & fulfillment view all | close all back to the top how do i check on the status of my order? to check on the status on your order, please visit the order status page. you will be asked to enter the order number and billing email address to retrieve the status of your order. you may also call us at 877-988-2328 or email us at orders@beau-coup.com. please include your name and order number in the email. we will respond to email inquiries within 2 business days. what are my shipping options? you may choose any shipping service offered by ups to your destination. to most locations within the 48 contiguous states, ups offers ground, 3-day, 2nd day air and next day air service. to calculate shipping costs to your location, simply add the products and quantity you wish to purchase into your shopping cart and click the "how much is shipping?" link. as part of a special promotion, we are currently offering complimentary ups ground shipping on all orders $125 and over that are shipped to a location within the 48 contiguous us states. use promotional code bcship125 during checkout. be sure to click on the "redeem" button to submit then select "free shipping" from the drop down menu. this offer is only valid at the time of purchase and cannot be applied once the order has been placed. international orders do not qualify for complimentary shipping. will i receive a shipment confirmation? once your order has been processed and is ready to ship, you will receive and email containing ups tracking number(s) which will allow you track your order on the ups website (www.ups.com). some items ship separately and you may receive multiple emails with more than one tracking number. you may also check the status of your order on our order status page. you will need your order number and billing email address ready. how long does it take to receive my order? each product on our website has a specific processing time. processing times do not include shipping transit time. example: a product with a 1-3 business day processing time, if ordered on monday with 2nd day air shipping, will arrive on thursday at the earliest and no later than the following monday. you may select a shipping method during checkout. please note that weekends and holidays do not count as business days. can i rush my order? we will do our best to ensure that your order ships in time for your event. rush service for some personalized items is offered at a nominal fee. we also offer ups next day, second day and 3 day expedited shipping services (3-day service is only available within the 48 contiguous states). please call customer service at 877-988-2328 for specific inquiries. returns & exchanges view all | close all back to the top what is your refund and exchange policy? we are confident that you will be happy with the quality of our products. however, if you are not completely satisfied with your purchase, you can return the products to us for a refund. please contact us within 14 days of receiving your order to obtain a return authorization number. we will not accept any returns without a return authorization number. once the returned merchandise has been received, we will refund your payment less any shipping charges (shipping charges are non-refundable). if you received free shipping on your purchase, the cost of shipping incurred by beau-coup will be deducted from your refund. please send products back in their original form and packaging. returned merchandise must be received within 14 days from the date the return authorization was issued. we reserve the right to reject any returns and exchanges that do not meet these conditions. please note that some products are not eligible for return. these include: personalized, edible, perishable, sample, clearance and special order items. handmade sachets, and ribbon are considered special order items and cannot be returned. what do i do with damaged, defective or missing products? all claims for damaged, defective or missing product(s) must be filed with beau-coup within 7 business days of receiving your order. please call our customer service department at 877-988-2328 or +1-650-967-3700 for international customers to initiate a claim. beau-coup is not responsible for missing packages and damaged products resulting from errors made by the shipping carrier. however we will be happy to assist you in filing a claim with the appropriate party. please keep all products in their original packaging until the claim is settled. how do i change or cancel my order? you may change or cancel your order at no additional cost as long as the order has not been processed. cancelation fees may apply. please contact customer service at 877-988-2328 for specific inquiries. special services & programs view all | close all back to the top does beau-coup have an affiliate program? yes! please click here to learn more about joining our affiliate program. does beau-coup wholesale? beau-coup does not offer wholesale pricing. however we do work with event planners and other vendors through our commission based affiliate program, click here to learn more about how to work with us. security & privacy policy view all | close all back to the top what is beau-coup's privacy policy? beau-coup is committed to protecting the privacy of our customers and using information responsibly. please be assured that beau-coup respects your privacy. any personally identifiable information we collect from you is used to help us communicate with you and is never sold or disclosed to outside third parties. by using our web site or purchasing a product from us, you agree to the collection and use of information as set forth in our privacy policy. we may from time to time update this policy. we will post any changes to our policy on our security and privacy policy page so that you are always aware of what information we collect and how we use that information. how does beau-coup safeguard my information? this site uses a secure socket layer (ssl) certified by thawte to encrypt all of your personal information. we use strong security measures to prevent the loss, misuse and alteration of your information once it is in our records. how does beau-coup use my personal information? all information we collect through our website is used solely to process transactions for commercial purposes. contact information (email address, telephone number, address, etc.) from the order form is used to send your orders and information about our company to you. your contact information is also used to get in touch with you, when necessary, regarding your order. financial information (credit card numbers, credit card expiration dates, billing address, etc.) will be used only for billing purposes and are not stored. about beau-coup favors view all | close all back to the top what are beau-coup's hours of operation? beau-coup customer service representatives are available to assist you monday - friday (7:00 am - 5:30 pm pst). please call our toll free number at 877-988-2328 to speak to one of our helpful customer service representatives. if you are calling from outside the united states, please call our local number +1-650-967-3700. you can also email us at info@beau-coup.com. we will respond to all email inquiries within 2 business days. where is beau-coup located? beau-coup office is located at: 335 e. middlefield road, mountain view, ca 94043 we do not have a retail storefront and cannot make sales in person. orders can only be taken online and shipped from our warehouses. contacting beau-coup favors, inc. view all | close all back to the top how do i provide general feedback? we would love to hear from you! we are constantly trying to improve our customers' experiences and would greatly appreciate any feedback you can provide, both good and bad. please email feedback@beau-coup.com. i am a vendor, how do i submit a product for review? we are constantly looking for unique products to add to our selection. vendors who are interested in submitting product samples to beau-coup for consideration are encouraged to email product images and pricing information to merchandising@beau-coup.com. i am with the press, who do i contact? for press inquiries, please contact winnie ying at 650-314-7341 or email winnie@beau-coup.com. who do i contact about partnership opportunities? for partnership opportunities with beau-coup, please email bizdev@beau-coup.com i have a general question. who do i contact? for general inquiries, please contact customer service at 877-977-2328 or email info@beau-coup.com. recently viewed items mini wedding brownie pops mini gable boxes personalized satin dots ribbon contact us toll free: 877-988-2328 intl phone: +1-650-967-3700 email: info@beau-coup.com live chat: chat now! hours: m-f 7am-5:30pm pst about us press center testimonials notable clients charitable giving site map order info check order status info & faq international orders online catalog work with us jobs affiliate program for event planners our partners newsletter & offers sign up for news and special offers today! security & privacy | © 2010 beau-coup favors, inc™. all rights reserved.