来源URL: https://web.archive.org/web/20101230120757/http://www.beau-coup.com/orderinfo.htm
================================================================================

beau-coup help and frequently asked questions free & easy returns |  info & faq  |  customer service  |        view cart |  toll-free: 877-988-2328 wedding favors top wedding favors most popular wedding favors top wedding favors under $2 personalized wedding favors edible wedding favors candy wedding favors practical wedding favors fall wedding favors winter wedding favors beach wedding favors garden wedding favors candle wedding favors all wedding favors wedding favors packaging favor boxes & containers ribbons, labels & favor tags favor bags & envelopes all wedding favors packaging wedding supplies hand fans place card holders personalized napkins wedding decorations all wedding supplies bridal party gifts bridesmaid gifts groomsmen gifts all bridal party gifts more wedding essentials & ideas wedding invitations unique wedding ideas diy favor ideas gallery all wedding favors & gifts >> bridal shower favors bridal shower favors most popular bridal shower favors top bridal shower favors under $2 personalized bridal shower favors tea bridal shower favors do it yourself bridal shower favors all bridal shower favors more bridal shower essentials bridal shower games bridal shower decorations bridal shower supplies bridal shower gifts bridal shower invitations all bridal shower favors & gifts >> baby shower favors baby shower favors most popular baby shower favors top baby shower favors under $2 personalized baby shower favors edible baby shower favors do it yourself baby shower favors baby shower tea favors all baby shower favors more baby shower essentials & ideas baby shower decorations baby shower gifts baby shower supplies baby shower games baby shower planning ideas all baby shower favors & gifts >> birthday favors birthday party favors most popular birthday party favors top birthday party favors under $2 kids birthday party favors birthday party favors for adults personalized birthday party favors edible birthday party favors all birthday party favors more birthday party essentials birthday party decorations birthday party supplies all birthday party favors & gifts >> all occasions favors bridal wedding favors bridal shower favors engagement party favors all bridal events favors baby baby shower favors birthday 1st birthday party favors sweet 16 party favors all birthday party favors more occasions christmas party favorsbaptism / christening favors anniversary party favors corporate gifts & favors all occasions >> favor packaging party favors packaging favor boxes favor bags favor ribbons personalized labels & stickers all favors packaging >> holiday baby baby shower favors birthday 1st birthday party favors quinceanera favors sweet 16 party favors 21st birthday party favors all birthday party favors & gifts bridal wedding favors bridal shower favors engagement party favors rehearsal dinner party favors bachelorette party favors bachelor party favors all bridal events favors & gifts religious baptism / christening favors communion favors bar / bat mitzvah favors confirmation favors all religious party favors & gifts more occasions christmas party favors corporate party favors anniversary party favors all occasions favors & gifts ideas & inspiration unique party ideas do it yourself favor ideas how-to videos gallery connect with us facebook like us on facebook twitter follow us on twitter sign up for news, sales + exclusive offers! your email address: home > order info and faq help & frequently asked questions we welcome your questions and feedback. feel free to contact us by phone, email, or live chat. for the fastest answer, read our frequently asked questions below. click on the links below to quickly jump to the topic: ordering international orders shipping & fulfillment returns, changes & cancellations special services & programs security & privacy policy about beau-coup contacting beau-coup phone toll-free: 877-988-2328 international: +1-650-967-3700 monday - friday (7:00 am to 5:30 pm pst) email general inquiries: info@beau-coup.com order inquiries: orders@beau-coup.com we will respond to your emails within 2 business days. live chat click here to chat live now monday - friday (7:00 am - 5:30 pm pst) ordering view all | close all back to the top what are my payment options? beau-coup accepts visa, mastercard, american express and discover credit card payments. we also accept cashiers checks, money orders and personal checks. all orders paid for by personal checks will not ship until payment has been received and the check cleared. what is the currency for all prices? all prices listed on our beau-coup's website are quoted in us dollars. will i be charged sales tax? all orders shipped to destinations within the state of california are charged 9.25% sales tax. orders shipped to destinations outside the state of california will not be charged sales tax. are online transactions secure? beau-coup assures that all transactions conducted online are completely secure. our website uses secure socket layer (ssl) certified by thawte to encrypt all of your personal information. we use strong security measures to prevent the loss, misuse and alteration of your information once it is in our records. please read our security and privacy policy for details. can i order by phone? orders can be placed over the phone by calling beau-coup's toll free number 877-988-2328. one of our friendly and helpful customer care representatives can assist you with your order. for customers located outside the united states, please call our local number +1-650-967-3700. our customer care representatives are available to assist you monday - friday (7:00 am - 5:30 pm pst). do you have a printed catalogue? beau-coup does not send a printed catalog in the mail. however we do offer a printable, web-based catalog of selected items on our website. click here and follow the instructions on the page to print a copy of our most recent catalog. do you offer samples? we work hard to provide detailed product descriptions and clear product images but understand that you may still wish to order samples. personalized products as well as some products sold in sets are not available for purchase as a sample. products which are available for purchase as a sample have a sample purchase button on its product page. sample orders will be charged the unit price of the product plus shipping and handling. please call us at 877-988-2328 with any questions about specific products. do products come assembled? many of our products come with packaging options included. however, unless specified, products do not come pre-assembled. please read the product description provided on the product page for details. do you offer special promotions? we offer special promotions on our website. you can see all current promotions on our promotions page. you can also sign up for our newsletter for exclusive deals. or ask our customer service team about our low price guarantee. will i receive an email confirmation for my order? you will receive an email confirmation shortly after placing your order. please review your order details carefully and contact customer service immediately if you wish to make any changes. once your order has been processed and is ready to be shipped from our facility, you will receive a second email containing ups delivery and tracking information. order and shipping confirmation emails are sent to the shipping email address. international orders view all | close all back to the top do you ship internationally? beau-coup welcomes international orders. we ship everywhere ups delivers. if you are an international customer and wish to contact our customer service department, please call our local number +1-650-967-3700. our customer care representatives are available to assist you monday - friday (7:00 am - 5:30 pm pst). please click here to read more about international orders. what is your policy regarding duties, taxes and brokerage fees? for orders shipped to destinations outside of the united states, beau-coup is not responsible for any duties, taxes and brokerage fees associated with the shipment. furthermore, beau-coup is not knowledgeable about country-specific import regulations and will not be responsible for fees/damages associated with noncompliance. we strongly encourage you to research all country-specific facts, information and regulations prior to placing an order. click here to learn more about country-specific regulations that may affect your international shipment. shipping & fulfillment view all | close all back to the top how do i check on the status of my order? to check on the status on your order, please visit the order status page. you will be asked to enter the order number and billing email address to retrieve the status of your order. you may also call us at 877-988-2328 or email us at orders@beau-coup.com. please include your name and order number in the email. we will respond to email inquiries within 2 business days. what are my shipping options? we offer flat rate shipping to locations within the contiguous united states. you may choose from standard, 3-day, 2-day and 1-day services. shipping rates are based on the pre-tax merchandise total. for orders shipping to alaska, hawaii, u.s. territories or international destinations, shipping rates can be calculated during checkout. we are unable to ship to p.o. boxes, or apo/afo address at this time. click here for shipping rates. will i receive a shipment confirmation? once your order has been processed and is ready to ship, you will receive and email containing ups tracking number(s) which will allow you track your order on the ups website (www.ups.com). some items ship separately and you may receive multiple emails with more than one tracking number. you may also check the status of your order on our order status page. you will need your order number and billing email address ready. how long does it take to receive my order? each product on our website has a specific processing time. processing times do not include shipping transit time. example: a product with a 1-3 business day processing time, if ordered on monday with 2nd day air shipping, will arrive on thursday at the earliest and no later than the following monday. you may select a shipping method during checkout. please note that weekends and holidays do not count as business days. can i rush my order? we will do our best to ensure that your order ships in time for your event. rush service for some personalized items is offered at a nominal fee. we also offer ups next day, second day and 3 day expedited shipping services (3-day service is only available within the 48 contiguous states). please call customer service at 877-988-2328 for specific inquiries. returns, changes & cancellations view all | close all back to the top what is your return policy? we want you to have a great shopping experience with us so in case you are not 100% satisfied with your purchase, we have made returning products free and easy! you may return (most) products to us for a full merchandise refund (see below for restrictions) and we'll pay for shipping within the united states*. click here to follow a few quick steps to processing your return online. returns must be processed within 30 days after delivery. we will issue a credit within 14 days after we receive the return package. please send products back in their original form and packaging. we reserve the right to reject any returns that do not meet these conditions. please note that some products are not eligible for return. these include: personalized, edible, perishable, sample, clearance and special order items. handmade sachets, and ribbon as well as plants are considered special order items and cannot be returned. * our free and easy returns policy does not apply to orders being returned from international locations (locations outside of the united states) and apo/fpo locations, or orders placed on www.beaucoupribbon.com. international customers, please contact customer service to obtain an rma number (return materials authorization) within 30 days after delivery. what do i do with damaged, defective or missing products? all claims for damaged, defective or missing product(s) must be filed with beau-coup within 7 business days of receiving your order. please call our customer service department at 877-988-2328 or +1-650-967-3700 for international customers to initiate a claim. beau-coup is not responsible for missing packages and damaged products resulting from errors made by the shipping carrier. however we will be happy to assist you in filing a claim with the appropriate party. please keep all products in their original packaging until the claim is settled. how do i change or cancel my order? you may change or cancel your order at no additional cost as long as the order has not been processed. cancelation fees may apply. please contact customer service at 877-988-2328 for specific inquiries. special services & programs view all | close all back to the top does beau-coup have an affiliate program? yes! please click here to learn more about joining our affiliate program. does beau-coup wholesale? beau-coup does not offer wholesale pricing. however we do work with event planners and other vendors through our commission based affiliate program, click here to learn more about how to work with us. security & privacy policy view all | close all back to the top what is beau-coup's privacy policy? beau-coup is committed to protecting the privacy of our customers and using information responsibly. please be assured that beau-coup respects your privacy. any personally identifiable information we collect from you is used to help us communicate with you and is never sold or disclosed to outside third parties. by using our web site or purchasing a product from us, you agree to the collection and use of information as set forth in our privacy policy. we may from time to time update this policy. we will post any changes to our policy on our security and privacy policy page so that you are always aware of what information we collect and how we use that information. how does beau-coup safeguard my information? this site uses a secure socket layer (ssl) certified by thawte to encrypt all of your personal information. we use strong security measures to prevent the loss, misuse and alteration of your information once it is in our records. how does beau-coup use my personal information? all information we collect through our website is used solely to process transactions for commercial purposes. contact information (email address, telephone number, address, etc.) from the order form is used to send your orders and information about our company to you. your contact information is also used to get in touch with you, when necessary, regarding your order. financial information (credit card numbers, credit card expiration dates, billing address, etc.) will be used only for billing purposes and are not stored. about beau-coup favors view all | close all back to the top what are beau-coup's hours of operation? beau-coup customer service representatives are available to assist you monday - friday (7:00 am - 5:30 pm pst). please call our toll free number at 877-988-2328 to speak to one of our helpful customer service representatives. if you are calling from outside the united states, please call our local number +1-650-967-3700. you can also email us at info@beau-coup.com. we will respond to all email inquiries within 2 business days. where is beau-coup located? beau-coup office is located at: 335 e. middlefield road, mountain view, ca 94043 we do not have a retail storefront and cannot make sales in person. orders can only be taken online and shipped from our warehouses. contacting beau-coup favors, inc. view all | close all back to the top how do i provide general feedback? we would love to hear from you! we are constantly trying to improve our customers' experiences and would greatly appreciate any feedback you can provide, both good and bad. please email feedback@beau-coup.com. i am a vendor, how do i submit a product for review? we are constantly looking for unique products to add to our selection. vendors who are interested in submitting product samples to beau-coup for consideration are encouraged to email product images and pricing information to merchandising@beau-coup.com. i am with the press, who do i contact? for press inquiries, please contact winnie ying at 650-314-7341 or email winnie@beau-coup.com. who do i contact about partnership opportunities? for partnership opportunities with beau-coup, please email bizdev@beau-coup.com i have a general question. who do i contact? for general inquiries, please contact customer service at 877-977-2328 or email info@beau-coup.com. contact us toll free:intl phone:email:live chat:hours: 877-988-2328+1-650-967-3700info@beau-coup.comchat now!m-f 7am-5:30pm pst about uspress centertestimonialsnotable clientscharitable givingsite map order infocheck order statusfree & easy returnsinfo & faqinternational ordersonline catalog work with usjobsaffiliate programfor event plannersour partners try playing favoritespick the products you love best! security & privacy | © 2010 beau-coup favors, inc™. all rights reserved. bbb mcafee verisign authorize.net