来源URL: https://web.archive.org/web/20131224170459/http://www.beau-coup.com/blog/
================================================================================

beau-coup wedding blog wedding we ship worldwide live chat - offline  |  toll-free: 877-988-2328  |  info & faq  | sign in  |  register  | my account  |  sign out  | wedding favorswedding ceremony favorswedding receptionbridal party giftsbridal showerwedding invitationswedding planningwedding salerecommended linksmost popular wedding favorswedding favors under $2all wedding favors >>favors by featurepersonalized wedding favorspractical wedding favorsedible wedding favorsfavors packagingfavor boxesribbonsstickers, labels & favor tagsfavors jars & bottlesfavor tins & binsfavor bags & envelopesall wedding favor boxes, bags & more >>favors by seasonwinter wedding favorsspring wedding favorssummer wedding favorsfall wedding favorsfavors by typecandy & chocolate favorstea party wedding favorswedding cookieshand fan favorscandle wedding favorscoaster wedding favorswine stopper wedding favorsfavors by themebeach wedding favorsgarden wedding favorslove & hearts themed favorswine themed wedding favorsasian wedding favorslas vegas wedding favorstravel themed wedding favorsshop all wedding >>ceremony suppliesaisle runnerswedding tossunity ceremony setslanternsprogramsbubbleshand fansring bearer pillowsflower girl basketsceremony decorationsall ceremony supplies >>shop all wedding >>reception supplieswedding decorationswedding centerpiececake toppersnapkinslanternsplace card holdersplace cardsguest books & pen setstoasting flutes & server setsall reception supplies >>shop all wedding >>bridal party giftsbridesmaid giftsgroomsmen giftsall bridal party gifts >>shop all wedding >>bridal shower favorsmost popular bridal shower favorsbridal shower favors under $2personalized bridal shower favorstea bridal shower favorsedible bridal shower favorsfavor boxes, ribbons & labelseco-friendly bridal shower favorsall bridal shower favors >>more bridal shower essentialsbridal shower decorationsbridal shower gamesbridal shower giftsbridal shower suppliesshop all bridal shower >>invitations & stationerywedding invitationssave the date cardsthank you cardsbridal shower invitationsrehearsal dinner invitationsengagement party invitationsbachelorette party invitationsall invitations & stationery >>wedding ideas & inspirationwedding ideas & planning guidesdiy wedding ideas gallerywedding inspiration boards entire site wedding baby shower birthday more occasions up to 25% off sitewide! ends 1/1 see details home > blog the beau-coup wedding blog most recent posts hosting the perfect new year’s eve party 3 step christmas detox plan merry christmas celebrating a christmas baby’s birthday 12 kid friendly holiday craft ideas purple glam: a tablescape collaboration holiday party do’s and dont’s 5 christmas traditions explained throwing a winter sweet sixteen party surprise proposal & wedding – on the same day! hosting the perfect new year’s eve party december 30th by samantha chan are you hosting a new year’s eve party this year? we bet you’re pretty excited to be ringing in the new year with friends and family, but just in case you’re still scrambling to get ready… take a look at some must have’s for hosting a fantastic nye party. fun favors (image credit: the glitter guide) 3, 2, 1, *pop* for this exciting moment, be ready to arm guests with favors that pop, sizzle, or crackle! when midnight strikes, it should be a lively affair. the glitterati (image credit: wander with style) glitter everything! this is the one holiday party where there is no such thing as too much glitter. in fact, it’s expected! so lay it on thick, glitter-fy everything. we like this gold sugar rimmed champagne flute. it’s beautifully glittery and perfectly new year’s themed. lively libations (image credit: style me pretty) it’s whats on the inside that counts, right?! sure! but for a special occasion like new year’s, it doesn’t hurt to dress the outside up a bit. this includes cocktails! add some decorative accessories to liven up any cocktail. party hats (image credit: pinterest) got a little macgyver in you? try customizing party hats for extra flair! fireworks baby! (image credit: wander with style) so we don’t advise fireworks at your indoor party… but here’s good news, somebody invented sparklers! these fiery delights are perfect atop cupcakes, as decor, or as midnight favors. for even more fantastic new year’s party ideas, visit our nye pinterest board! filed under: diy comment on this » 3 step christmas detox plan december 27th by samantha chan christmas has come and gone but likely, you’re still feeling a bit groggy and gluttonous from all the overindulging this holiday. don’t wait until the new year to get back into shape. reset your body now. learn how below! step 1: post-christmas cleanse (image credit: sparrow hawk still lives) after all the carbs, fats, and sugars, this is the perfect time for a cleanse. your body needs a reset once in a while in order to get back to working form. an easy start to cleansing is to begin each day with a cup of filtered warm water with a splash of lemon juice. warm lemon water hydrates your body without shocking it like cold water does and is a fantastic detoxifier. avoid alcohol and caffeine for the duration of your cleanse. incorporate teas and herbal drinks instead. tea is chockfull of antioxidants, great for a cleansing body! to get rid of the toxins, drink a glass of real cranberry juice each day (not the cocktail stuff). it’s highly detoxifying and flushes out bladders, kidneys, and prostate glands. a good solution to holiday alcohol over-consumption. in terms of food, take a break from heavy, rich or processed foods. introduce veggie and fruit heavy diets with limited consumption of red meats and starchy products, essentially, a mediterranean diet. smoothies, juices, and soups are also fantastic meal replacements for a cleanse. step 2: get your exercise on (image credit: qvb) no need to start training for a marathon or anything but with the extra calories having been consumed over the past month or so, it’s a good idea to give it an outlet. burn calories and get your metabolism kicking again with exercises like yoga and pilates. it’s a slow start but the main objective is just to get started. step 3: get your beauty rest (image credit: food matters) sleep is essential for your health and well-being, particularly after a period of running around, hectic schedules, erratic plans, generally speaking… all around holiday stress. make this as an important aspect of your holiday detox plan. get to bed young lady! there you have it, a post-christmas detox plan that’s as easy as 1, 2, 3! don’t wait till 2014 to bounce back into healthy form. start slow and start now with this easy 3 step process. it’s a great kickstart that’s simple to stick to! filed under: inspiration comment on this » merry christmas december 25th by samantha chan (image credit: pinterest) wishing you and your loved ones the merriest of christmases. thank you for being a part of our beau-coup family and we look forward to celebrating 2014 with you. filed under: themes comment on this » celebrating a christmas baby’s birthday december 23rd by samantha chan (image credits clockwise from top left: nest of posies, etsy, catch my party, catch my party, stephanie j designs, the cake blog, spaceships and laser beams, catch my party) with christmas coming in a matter of days, we thought this would be a good time to pay tribute to the many christmas babies out there. if you were born on or around christmas, it’s a pretty safe bet that you always felt a bit slighted having to share your special day with a major holiday. this year, we ask for the sake of all the christmas babies of this generation and beyond, to honor their birthday with as much fervor as you would anyone else’s birthday. let’s show these christmas babies just how special they are and how much we celebrate them being born! they say it’s your birthday – yeah, the actual day for starters, don’t reschedule their birthday. can you imagine how sad it is to never celebrate your actual birthday? if they were born on christmas day, celebrate on christmas day. this understandably is not without difficulties. lots of planning and organizing will need to occur before both major events. a good tip is to celebrate christmas traditions on christmas eve, or on either christmas morning or christmas evening solely. depending on what your family’s traditions are, pick the most important events/time-frame and organize around that. on the flip side, if it’s tradition to celebrate a birthday in the morning, then move the opening of christmas presents to christmas eve. presents, presents, presents another important bit of advice is to give at least two presents. don’t be a grinch. by giving only one present for the christmas baby, it’s the equivalent of not receiving a birthday present at all! be sure to keep them separated too. christmas presents in christmas wrapping, birthday presents in birthday wrapping. if cost is an issue, buy throughout the year and store away until the big day. what christmas? we’re off to the islands mon’ for the birthday party, choose a different theme from christmas/winter entirely. make it as much of a different event as possible, particularly if you’re celebrating at home where christmas decorations are strung all around. for example, throw a luau or island themed birthday party. at this “event” (separate from the christmas celebrations entirely) serve island foods, wear floral shirts and play luau music. this departure is so far from a traditional winter christmas theme, the birthday boy or girl will feel like they’ve been transported away to a different location and another calendar month entirely! while it’s important to celebrate the birthday on the actual day of, if the ultimate wish is to have a party and december 25th is just not feasible for many family members and guest, try to host an official soiree on another day. still acknowledge the birthday day of however with separate decorations, cake, and presents. let them eat birthday cake a very important birthday aspect is the cake. be certain to make/buy the christmas baby’s favorite birthday cake for their celebration. putting some candles on a fruitcake or holiday pie is cheating. this is a very important yet easy undertaking to make them feel special and acknowledged. hey christmas baby, you’ve got mail lastly, a cute tip is to send the christmas baby a birthday card in the mail. with this time of year, many are receiving christmas cards in the mail but imagine how special it is to receive a birthday card! it’s easy to do too. just drop the birthday card off at the same time as your christmas cards. this is great for kids in particular as they love to receive mail! filed under: birthday, inspiration, planning tips comment on this » 12 kid friendly holiday craft ideas december 20th by samantha chan we are in the heart of the holiday season and before it slips away from us completely, let’s relish in the holiday merriment with loved ones while we still can. this is a fantastic opportunity to engage the kids with holiday themed crafts. it keeps them busy, adds decoration to the house, and helps to get everyone into the holiday spirit. we’ve compiled 12 of our favorite holiday craft projects below. kid approved, easy to-do, and complete with ho-ho-ho aplenty. holiday finger puppets (image credit: babble) let your kids get creative with these holiday finger puppets made from coin wrappers. making them is only half the fun! prepare yourself to watch a holiday puppet show or two afterwards. learn how to make them here. cinnamon star ornament (image credit: a pretty life) this craft is decorative, simple to make, and it happens to smell great. requires use of a hot glue gun so it’s more appropriate for older children with adult supervision. but the young ones can still be included. let them decorate with strings and bells for added flair. melting snowmen sugar cookies (image credit: simply beautiful now) these melty snowmen cookies will melt your heart! ooey-gooey sugar cookies that your kids will love making and consequently eating even more! get the recipe here. wrapping for holiday treats (image credit: a pretty life) the holidays call for lots of homemade treats so how best to package them up? try making these pretty wax papers to wrap goodies up. kids can help by cutting out their favorite patterns and designs. baking soda ornaments (image credit: mama papa bubba) easy diy ornaments made out of baking soda. extremely interactive for the kids and provides hours of fun family time. holiday gift bags (image credit: highlights kids) save money on gift wrap this year, just have the kids decorate personalized gift bags! perfect for any holiday celebration, learn how here. marshmallow fairy wands (image credit: life is a party) with the cold weather outside, everyone loves cozying up indoors. what better way than with hot cocoa and marshmallows. enlist the kids to help make these marshmallow wands, they’ll love eating them in the end!  learn how to make them here. paper snowflakes (image credit: scrumpet’s crumpets) arm your children with a pair of safety scissors and let them have at these paper snowflakes! for step by step instructions, visit scrumpet’s crumpets for details. handprint rudolph (image credit: rub some dirt on it) kids love getting their hands dirty. what perfect way to utilize those years of finger painting experience than with this reindeer handprint craft! marshmallow snowmen (image credit: cherry pie twins) a fun way to let kids play with their food, have them create marshmallow snowman. lay out different candies and treats and just watch the creativity flow. reindeer cookies (image credit: echoes of laughter) too cute to eat! well… almost. here’s an easy recipe that your children will love helping with. paper cone holiday trees (image credit: examiner) this is a fantastic way to use up those water cooler cups. cost efficient, decorative, and fun, kids will have a blast decorating these holiday cones. learn how here. filed under: diy, inspiration, themes comment on this » purple glam: a tablescape collaboration december 18th by samantha chan as we recently posted, pantone just announced its color of the year. the winner is “radiant orchid”, a purple hue with blends of fuchsia, purple, and pink undertones. you can expect to find this hue in upcoming fashion, beauty, and wedding trends. what better timing then to introduce our purple glam collaboration. with help from our bay area wedding experts, we pulled together a glamorous purple inspired tablescape. purple is commonly associated with royalty and richness, making it the perfect match for a glamour induced tablescape theme. let’s take a sneak-peek at this color theme. flowers are a smart, easy, and pretty way to highlight any theme or color story. with purple being so variable, our floral expert michele, from healowe’s flowers, had many different hues to play with. for a glamorous feel, choose rich and more pigmented purple hues. you can see how the color of the year, radiant orchid blends with the other deeper purple hues while simultaneously standing out all on its own. this elegantly simple shot taken by our collaborating photographer, jasmin of jasmin van t photography, demonstrates how to incorporate the “glam” aspect of this look. the answer is bling. the shine of the ring napkin holder, the reflective metal from the stemware, to the glittery place mats. shiny, bright, and blinged out accessories coupled with the richness from the purple linens – thanks to our linen collaborator, kristina from linentablecloth - the purple glam look is effortlessly achieved. lastly, with any glamorous look, there must be special attention paid to the details. with help from jessica at pink cloud 9, we styled an on-theme purple glam tablescape filled with accents and accessories. the end result? a perfectly glamorous tablescape dripping in purple indulgence. want to see more? check out the collaboration for even more pics! for more radiant orchid inspirations, visit our radiant orchid pinterest board. when it comes to this latest purple glam trend, we’ve got you covered. give this look a try and tell us what you think of this theme! all images courtesy of: jasmin van t photography additional information: jasmin van t photography: www.jasminvantphoto.com healow’s flowers: www.healowsflowers.com pink cloud 9: www.pinkcloud9.com linentablecloth: www.linentablecloth.com filed under: inspiration, themes, trends comment on this » holiday party do’s and dont’s december 16th by samantha chan (image credit: gq) you’re probably attending or hosting a holiday party or two this month. be it a family, neighborly, friendly, or corporate affair, do your best to have fun and to be on your best behavior. do prepare conversation topics. take some time to brush up on current events before any holiday gathering. having a plentiful amount of conversation topics are particularly helpful in an awkward conversation where you may want to quickly change the subject, or at a corporate holiday party where you’re avoiding talking about work. don’t dress inappropriately. if you’re unsure of the suggested attire, reach out to the host prior to the event. otherwise, err on the side of safety. a dressy attire is always appropriate for a holiday party. keep it classy, leave the provocative frock at home. do bring a gift for the host. they have probably gone to great lengths in throwing this soiree. be sure to show your appreciation with a hostess gift and by thanking them for the invitation at the end of the night. don’t drink too much. a good rule of thumb is two drinks for the evening. this rule is particularly topical for any office holiday parties. do be a good date. if you brought a plus one to your office or friend’s party where they may not be familiar with the guests, be mindful of their experience throughout the night. graciously introduce and mingle as necessary. don’t arrive late. holiday parties are usually more formal and demand a more punctual arrival. particularly with office parties, you want to show up on time as the vips tend to leave early. got anymore must do or don’t ideas? let us know! (image credit: elks) filed under: planning tips comment on this » 5 christmas traditions explained december 13th by samantha chan it’s that time of year again. time to trim the tree, shop for the perfect gift, longingly linger under some mistletoe.  while you may be looking forward to the popular christmas traditions, have you ever wondered how they came to be? let’s find out! gift giving (image credit: groop dealz) it’s nice to receive gifts year round, but how exactly did this particular gifting day come to pass? this tradition is most likely based on the story of baby jesus’s birth, where three wise men bestowed gifts of gold, incense, and myrrh. but interestingly enough, gift giving has only become popular within the last century or so. with the shift of popularity towards santa claus, gift giving has become more of an emphasis, particularly the giving of gifts to children. christmas tree (image credit: pinterest) the fresh smell of pine, the fun time spent together with loved ones, decorating a pine tree is a well-known christmas tradition. its roots are german in nature where it is said that st. boniface, who is credited for converting many germans to christianity, was angry over a group of pagans worshiping an oak tree. in his rage, he cut the tree down and a fir tree sprouted up in its place. st. boniface took this as a sign from god, and it has since been a christian symbol. candy canes (image credit: holidays and parties) like the christmas tree, these delicious treats are also accredited to germany. the most popular story details a german choirmaster commissioning a local candy maker to create a treat to quiet the children. he requested that these sweet sticks have a crook at the top of each stick, to remind the children of the shepherds who visited the baby jesus. it’s also believed that the white of the candy represents jesus’ sinless life. egg nog (image credit: andrew martineau) it is said the first u.s. colonists created a mixture of “egg and grog” (grog was a common term for any drink made with rum back then). “egg and grog” eventually shortened to “egg’ngrog”  to its now popular version, “eggnog”. the adult version of this beverage still contains some type of liquor (brandy, rum or whiskey are common). we guess somethings never change! kissing under the mistletoe (image credit: reveal) people tend to find this tradition fun and lighthearted but not many know of its origins. its roots are greek, celtic, and scandanavian. it is often mentioned to represent fertility, luck, and peace. the act of kissing under the mistletoe is accredited to the greek  winter festival saturnalia, an ancient roman festival of saturn in december. this was a period of general merrymaking… kissing under the mistletoe? sounds merry indeed! filed under: news comment on this » throwing a winter sweet sixteen party december 11th by samantha chan with the holidays in full force, unfortunately… sometimes the winter babies get lost in the shuffle. but if you’ve got a special someone turning 16 this winter, be sure to make them feel like the princess they truly are. a sweet sixteen party can be extremely significant to a teenager. the event should be a celebration that is fun, creative, and as unique as they are. here are some sweet winter sweet sixteen ideas to help your teenager feel like this occasion is all about them, and not just about the holidays. a wonderland theme (image credit clockwise from top left: zuckermonarchie, pinterest, catch my party, etsy, zuckermonarchie, zuckermonarchie) embrace the season. this theme is timely, magical, and evokes a very princess-like feeling. perfect for your 16 year old princess. decor (image credit: birds make good neighbors) for a winter sweet sixteen party, decor should be sparkly. this creates a glistening snow effect and last time we checked, teenage girls tend to love glitter. try out this diy glitter disco ball. it’s extremely pretty and on-theme. dress (image credit: pinterest) for a dress selection, an icy blue, shimmery, and fun & flirty frock should do the trick! invitations & favors (image credit: pinterest) (image credit: beau-coup) you guessed it, shiny! keeping the chosen color in mind, simply add shine, sparkle, or glitter for the perfect winter look. cake (image credit: pinterest) white, icy blues, snowflakes, and snowmen! how cute is this cake? it’s almost too adorable to eat. winter movie inspired (image credit top to bottom: hostess with the mostess) check out this narnia inspired winter sweet sixteen. it’s a classic children’s story that’s extremely on theme, and fun to boot! filed under: diy, inspiration, themes comment on this » surprise proposal & wedding – on the same day! december 9th by samantha chan (image credit: youtube) if you haven’t heard by now, amanda roman is a very lucky lady. her super adorable, thoughtful, and wonderful boyfriend of five years proposed to her and threw a pinterest inspired wedding… all on the same day! 27-year-old ryan leek overheard then girlfriend, saying how cool it would be to get engaged and married on the same day to a fellow party goer. the ever thoughtful leek took this to heart and started scheming. he discovered her already heavily pinned pinterest dream wedding board. essentially, she had already planned the entire wedding, it was now up to him to bring everything to life. from the proposal plans, to the dress, to the venue, to the organization of family and friends, leek was well-prepared. but like any good story, there’s got to be a bit of drama right? does she find his plans out? what is her reaction? does the dress fit? find out below. you might need a box of tissues at-the-ready but it’s worth the watch! filed under: news, real weddings comment on this » << older posts browse by topic baby showers (12) bachelorette party ideas (2) beauty (3) birthday (4) bridal party (11) bridal showers (6) cakes (5) celebrity weddings (2) ceremony (16) contests (6) diy (22) engagements (8) eric's blog (18) etiquette (8) favors (13) gifts (6) giveaways (3) inspiration (97) invitations (4) news (16) planning tips (61) real weddings (12) reception (36) themes (101) tip of the day (2) trends (44) uncategorized (9) wedding attire (11) winnie's wedding ideas (56) blogs we love black eiffel bridal bar blog bridesmaid.com brooklyn bride diva dialogue dynamite weddings eco and elsie elizabeth anne designs hostess blog junebug weddings merci new york offbeat bride polka dot bride snippet and ink style me pretty sweet designs the green bride guide wedding bee wedding tulle with this ring browse archives select month december 2013  (13) november 2013  (14) october 2013  (13) september 2013  (5) august 2013  (9) july 2013  (14) june 2013  (12) may 2013  (13) april 2013  (12) march 2013  (7) february 2013  (11) january 2013  (6) december 2012  (1) december 2011  (3) november 2011  (4) october 2011  (7) september 2011  (8) august 2011  (5) july 2011  (4) june 2011  (5) may 2011  (6) april 2011  (4) march 2011  (9) february 2011  (4) january 2011  (1) august 2009  (3) june 2009  (6) may 2009  (4) april 2009  (4) march 2009  (5) february 2009  (1) october 2008  (3) september 2008  (1) august 2008  (1) july 2008  (3) june 2008  (5) may 2008  (2) april 2008  (3) march 2008  (5) february 2008  (5) january 2008  (1) december 2007  (1) october 2007  (2) september 2007  (2) august 2007  (1) july 2007  (2) june 2007  (1) may 2007  (2) april 2007  (1) january 2007  (3) december 2006  (1) october 2006  (2) september 2006  (2) august 2006  (2) july 2006  (1) june 2006  (1) april 2006  (2) march 2006  (2) february 2006  (2) january 2006  (5) december 2005  (4) november 2005  (11) toll free: intl phone: email: live chat: hours: 877-988-2328 +1-650-967-3700 info@beau-coup.com chat now! m-f 7:00am - 5:00pm pt about beau-coup our family values testimonials press center notable clients charitable giving site map check order status process a return info & faq international orders contact information jobs - we're hiring! affiliate program for event planners our partners beau-coup wedding blog video gallery wedding ideas & inspiration baby shower ideas birthday party ideas party planning ideas beau-coup staff picks celebrating life, one event at a time. we believe in celebrating life - every occasion, every milestone, every laugh, smile and tear. we know that sharing these moments makes them extra special, and we want to be there to help you celebrate life, one event at a time. authorize.net verisign bbb security & privacy | © 2013 beau-coup favors, inc™. all rights reserved.