来源URL: https://web.archive.org/web/20171027032911/https://www.beau-coup.com/testimonials.htm
================================================================================

testimonials from beaucoup wedding favors customers contact ustoll free: 877-988-2328intl phone: +1-650-967-3700email: info@beau-coup.comhours: m-f 7:00am - 5:00pm pt live chat account favorites sign out sign in my account | sign out | favorites item added to favorites! click here to view your collections. | we ship worldwide toll free: 877-988-2328|live chat: onlinelive chat: offline|info & faq|view cart wedding bridal shower baby shower birthday all occasions gift shop design your own most popular in wedding most popular wedding favors personalized drinkware candy wedding favors coaster wedding favors wine stopper wedding favors bottle opener wedding favors exclusive wedding design collections favors packaging favor bags & envelopes favor jars & bottles stickers, labels & favor tags ribbons all wedding favor boxes, bags & more wedding favors personalized wedding favors edible wedding favors practical wedding favors wedding favors under $2 wine themed wedding favors beach wedding favors tea party wedding favors candle wedding favors all wedding favors bridal party gifts bridesmaid gifts groomsmen gifts couples gifts all bridal party gifts ceremony & reception ceremony decorations hanging decorations table decorations cake toppers napkins & drinkware hand fans place card holders guest books & pen sets toasting flutes & server sets wedding toss wedding stationery all wedding stationery pre-wedding celebrations engagement party bridal shower bachelorette party more wedding inspiration wedding ideas & inspiration beau-coup wedding blog shop new arrivals shop on sale shop all wedding the fall 2017 lookbook has arrivedsee our new exclusive collections! bridal shower favors most popular bridal shower favors bridal shower favors under $2 personalized bridal shower favors edible bridal shower favors all bridal shower favors bridal shower favors packaging favor boxes stickers, labels & favor tags favor bags & envelopes ribbons favor jars & bottles favor tins & bins all bridal shower favors packaging bridal shower decorations hanging decorations all bridal shower decorations bridal shower supplies napkins & plates cups & glasses party kits all bridal shower supplies bridal shower games all bridal shower games featured bridal shower themes tea bridal shower love is brewing miss to mrs tropical bridal shower cooking themed bridal shower bridal shower gifts totes & bags bridal accessories gifts for home keepsakes all bridal shower gifts shop on sale shop all bridal shower shop tea bridal shower shop gifts for the bride most popular in baby shower personalized drinkware edible baby shower favors soap baby shower favors coaster baby shower favors candle baby shower favors peter rabbit baby shower supplies napkins & plates cups & glasses party kits all baby shower supplies baby shower decorations all baby shower decorations baby shower favors most popular baby shower favors baby shower favors under $2 personalized baby shower favors all baby shower favors baby shower favors packaging favor jars & bottles favor bags & envelopes stickers, labels & favor tags favor boxes ribbons all favor boxes, bags & more baby shower games all baby shower games exclusive design collections it's a boy it's a girl baby feet elephant baby carriage see all exclusive collections baby shower gifts diaper cakes gift sets all baby shower gifts more baby shower inspiration baby shower ideas & inspiration shop on sale shop all baby shower shop baby shower favors shop baby shower gifts birthday party favors most popular birthday party favors birthday party favors under $2 personalized birthday party favors edible birthday party favors all birthday party favors birthday party favors packaging favor boxes stickers, labels & favor tags favor bags & envelopes ribbons favor jars & bottles favor tins & bins all favor boxes, bags & more birthday party supplies napkins & plates cups & glasses party kits cupcake supplies banners & danglers all birthday party supplies birthday party decorations all birthday party decorations adult birthday party adult birthday party favors adult birthday party supplies adult birthday party decorations all adult birthday kids birthday kids birthday party favors kids birthday party supplies kids birthday party decorations all kids birthday 1st birthday party 1st birthday party favors 1st birthday party supplies 1st birthday party decorations all 1st birthday adult party themes aged to perfection milestone birthday celebrate kids party themes confetti birthday birthday cake unicorn donut party the big one superhero ice cream party themed partyware see all exclusive collections more birthday party inspiration birthday party ideas & inspiration shop on sale shop all birthday religious celebrations baptism & christening first communion bar / bat mitzvah all religious themed christmas christmas party favors personalized christmas party favors christmas party decorations christmas party supplies christmas gifts all christmas party corporate party corporate party favors corporate logo party favors corporate holiday party favors corporate gifts all corporate party milestone celebrations graduation party retirement party wedding anniversary upcoming holidays halloween thanksgiving christmas new year's eve valentine's day easter mother's day father's day more party inspiration party ideas & inspiration shop baptism & christening shop corporate party shop gifts for her shop corporate gifts shop gifts for him shop bridesmaids gifts shop gifts for baby shop groomsmen gifts shop gifts for home shop all gifts entire site wedding baby birthday more go home > testimonials about usfamily valuestestimonialspress centercharitypartnersaffiliatejobs beau-coup customer testimonials we are grateful for the support of our loyal customers who continue to spread the word about us. at beau-coup our goal is to offer an unmatched selection of unique party favors and gifts while providing a pleasant shopping experience through outstanding customer service. if we can help make event planning a little less stressful, we've done our jobs. please read what some of our customers are saying about us! show 24 48 96 all per page 381 testimonials found1234567...16 you just made a customer very happy. we will definitely provide great review for the personalized wine glasses. thanks again, cassie and your team.chrissy, oakland, ca cassie, thank you very much for resolving my issue so swiftly. it was my first time ordering with your company and was very impressed by your helpfulness. i will be happy to recommend beau-coup favors anytime i can. i am now looking forward to seeing the manicure sets hoping they are as cute as they looked patricia, locust valley, ny thank you so much! our sunday brunch was great and everyone loved the lip balm, i was very impressed with a company that calls you when they are not able to fill the order and spends over an hour on the phone with me to help me find favors. i will not forget this wonderful service and i will use your site again and tell my family and friends. sarah & brittany, upper marlboro, mdlaurel, everyone raved at the cookies saturday night! they were a huge hit! love your company!debbie, corona, ca thank you so much for your prompt attention to my order. i greatly appreciate your quick response and am look forward to receiving my order. again, thank you. i am extremely impressed with your wonderful customer service. carla, alpharetta, ga thanks again michael for all your help... you rock!!!raquel, chula vista, ca thank you so much. seriously will pass along how great and responsive you all are as a company. i know several people throwing bridal showers this year. look forward to doing business in the future!stephanie, silver spring, md i wanted to provide some feedback with respect to the service received by your staff member, laurel. she really took ownership of my order ensuring it arrived in time for my event. more then this, she provided the personal touch so i felt assured i was in good hands and she was overseeing the matter. my sincere thanks to her and compliments to beau-coup on having such a wonderful team member.genevieve, toronto, on i recently purchased 48 personalized baby shower little notebooks for my sister in law's baby shower. i was so excited when they came and i placed the front sticker on the pad! they are unique, cute and classic. we are going to add them to a bag of party favors to each guest and i know they will be a hit!! i brought one over to my brother and sis-in-law's house and they were just besides themselves seeing their unborn baby's name and the little saying i had put on it. thank you for providing me with the tools to create such a special gift.natoscia, portland, or we used the mini picnic baskets at a camping theme bridal shower and boy were they a hit! we loaded them with gummy hot dogs and gummy burgers and of course gummy coke bottles. too cute! thanks beau-coup!patricia, roseburg, orafter putting together some last minute gifts, beau-coup.com came through quickly and perfectly. we placed an excellent review on weddingwire, as everything turned out perfectly. even when we needed a last minute change on our gift bags customer service handled it extremely well and provided some great advice. the gifts looked amazing at our reception and worked out very well. we just wanted to thank you for your services!maneesh kumar & krishna, forest park, ilcassie, thank you so much for your prompt attention to my order. i greatly appreciate your quick response and am looking forward to receiving my order. again, thank you i am extremely impressed with your wonderful customer service. carla diaz, alpharetta, ga cassie, thanks so much! i would have submitted my order sooner, but i did not find these favors until recently and i really wanted them for the party. i will definitely let my family and friends know about your website and i will definitely be ordering from your website again. can't wait to receive the party favors.dawn, lake jackson, tx i just received my order of the crystal baby bottle key chains, and i just had to contact you and let you know how very pleased i am with your company. the crystal key chains are absolutely stunning! it is not the "cheap" crystal - this is "first class" and the way you all package them in those beautiful silver boxes with the beautiful bow - well, let's just say that i certainly feel i got my money's worth! well done to all of you!!! and i will certainly be ordering from you again - and will spread the word that your company is outstanding - in quality merchandise and in price! i couldn't be any more pleased! thank you with all my heart!!!!!!tricia, stillwater, mn i just want to express my most sincere thank you for the items i ordered through your web-store - all came in on time and are great !!! the silk paper touch was really nice!!! i will definitely recommend your site and chances are - i will place another order pretty soon! great work to all of you!!!danielle, stittsville, on, canada i love them!! the bookmarks are for my wedding, which is an indian wedding, they are perfect! i would recommend this product, even the box is really nice! shanta, brampton, on, canadai wanted to send y'all a big thank you and share the joy that we had this weekend! i ordered the diamond ring wine stopper, pink organza bags, and theses scalloped tags from y'all. we put them together for my best friends bridal shower and this was the result!!!! everyone adored them!!! they were the biggest hit of the whole occasion!!!!! thank you so much for your fabulous quality and impeccable customer service!!! we've used beau-coup before and will definitely use you again!!!! jan-marie, newnan, ga michael: thank you so much. you have been very helpful. i really appreciate every thing that you have done and followed through. very rare to find good customer service. it nice to see people like yourself are around to give it.gina, las vegas, nv aura, i just wanted to thank you for the wonderful service and tell you how absolutely thrilled i am with your products! this was my first order through your company and i didn't give you much time and i abused your printer and you still came through with flying colors. thank you so very much. my tea party will be a grand success thanks to all your beautiful products!jamie, erie, pa the seashell wine bottle stoppers are really of very good quality. the price was great for this item, and we plan to use them for bridal shower favors to go along with the beach honeymoon theme of the shower. the weight of each one is impressive, they are packaged nicely, and they should look lovely on the tables. i would definitely recommend them!patricia, throop, pa aura, thank you for your assistance with this matter. you are a valuable asset to beau-coup. i hope they recognize how important customer relations personnel are to business relationships. we will be sure to recommend beau-coup to all our friends. thanks again for your follow up and dedication.dennis, garden city, ny i thought the product was very well made and i think it will be a very nice party favor. robin, collegeville, pa thank you - the product did work out for me & was a great gift for our bridal shower attendees. i just bought too many! thanks for being so great to work with. beth, tipton, inthank you very much! great company!dennise, aventura, fl show 24 48 96 all per page 381 testimonials found1234567...16 contact us we would love to hear from you! we are constantly trying to improve our customers' experiences and would greately appreciate any feedback you can provide, both good and bad. business hours monday – friday (7:00am – 5:00pm pst) phone 877-988-2328 (toll-free) +1-650-967-3700 (international) email feedback@beau-coup.com live chatlive chat: onlinelive chat: offline subscribe to sales and exclusive offers! subscribe contact us email: info@beau-coup.com live chat: onlinelive chat: offline hours: m-f 7:00am - 5:00pm pt about us about beau-coup our family values testimonials press center notable clients charitable giving site map info check order status process a return info & faq returns international orders contact information work with us jobs - we're hiring! affiliate program for event planners our partners explore 2017 fall wedding lookbook 2017 summer wedding lookbook 2017 spring wedding lookbook 2016 fall wedding lookbook 2016 summer wedding lookbook beau-coup blog #beaucoupfavors stay connected! two brands, one mission—to help you celebrate life. © 2017 beau-coup favors, inc™. all rights reserved.