来源URL: https://web.archive.org/web/20201210113713/https://www.beau-coup.com/testimonials.htm
================================================================================

testimonials from beaucoup wedding favors customers contact ustoll free: 877-988-2328intl phone: +1-650-967-3700email: info@beau-coup.comhours: m-f 8:00am - 6:00pm ct live chat account favorites sign out live chat: onlinelive chat: offline  |  view cart info & faq  |  sign inmy account  |  item added to favorites! click here to view your collections.toll free: 877-988-2328 entire siteweddingbabybirthdaymorego wedding bridal shower baby shower birthday all occasions gift shop new most popular in weddingmost popular wedding favorspersonalized drinkwarecandy wedding favorscoaster wedding favorswine stopper wedding favorsbottle opener wedding favorsexclusive wedding design collectionsfavors packagingfavor bags & envelopesfavor jars & bottlesstickers, labels & favor tagsribbonsall wedding favor boxes, bags & morewedding favorspersonalized wedding favorsedible wedding favorspractical wedding favorswedding favors under $2wine themed wedding favorsbeach wedding favorstea party wedding favorscandle wedding favorsall wedding favorsbridal party giftsbridesmaid giftsgroomsmen giftscouples giftsall bridal party giftsceremony & receptionceremony decorationshanging decorationstable decorationscake toppersnapkins & drinkwarehand fansplace card holdersguest books & pen setstoasting flutes & server setswedding tosswedding stationerybachelorette partyengagement partymore wedding inspirationwedding ideas & inspirationbeau-coup wedding blogshop new arrivals shop on sale shop all wedding shop exclusive wedding collections bridal shower favorsmost popular bridal shower favorsbridal shower favors under $2personalized bridal shower favorsedible bridal shower favorsall bridal shower favorsbridal shower favors packagingfavor boxesstickers, labels & favor tagsfavor bags & envelopesribbonsfavor jars & bottlesfavor tins & binsall bridal shower favors packagingbridal shower decorationshanging decorationsall bridal shower decorationsbridal shower suppliesnapkins & platescups & glassesparty kitsall bridal shower suppliesbridal shower gamesall bridal shower gamesfeatured bridal shower themestea bridal showerlove is brewingmiss to mrstropical bridal showercooking themed bridal showerbridal shower giftstotes & bagsbridal accessoriesgifts for homekeepsakesall bridal shower giftsshop on sale shop all bridal shower shop tea bridal showershop gifts for the bride most popular in baby showerpersonalized drinkwareedible baby shower favorssoap baby shower favorscoaster baby shower favorscandle baby shower favorspeter rabbitbaby shower suppliesnapkins & platescups & glassesparty kitsall baby shower suppliesbaby shower decorationsall baby shower decorationsbaby shower favorsmost popular baby shower favorsbaby shower favors under $2personalized baby shower favorsall baby shower favorsbaby shower favors packagingfavor jars & bottlesfavor bags & envelopesstickers, labels & favor tagsfavor boxesribbonsall favor boxes, bags & morebaby shower gamesall baby shower gamesexclusive design collectionsit's a boyit's a girlbaby feetelephantbaby carriagefiestaheaven sentbaby-qsee all exclusive collectionsbaby shower giftsdiaper cakesgift setsall baby shower giftsmore baby shower inspirationbaby shower ideas & inspirationshop on sale shop all baby shower shop baby shower favorsshop baby shower gifts birthday party favorsmost popular birthday party favorsbirthday party favors under $2personalized birthday party favorsedible birthday party favorsall birthday party favorsbirthday party favors packagingfavor boxesstickers, labels & favor tagsfavor bags & envelopesribbonsfavor jars & bottlesfavor tins & binsall favor boxes, bags & morebirthday party suppliesnapkins & platescups & glassesparty kitscupcake suppliesbanners & danglersall birthday party suppliesbirthday party decorationsall birthday party decorationsadult birthday partyadult birthday party favorsadult birthday party suppliesadult birthday party decorationsall adult birthdaykids birthdaykids birthday party favorskids birthday party supplieskids birthday party decorationsall kids birthday1st birthday party1st birthday party favors1st birthday party supplies1st birthday party decorationsall 1st birthdayadult party themesaged to perfectionmilestone birthdaycelebratekids party themesconfetti birthdaybirthday cakeunicorndonut partythe big onesuperheroice cream partythemed partywaresee all exclusive collectionsmore birthday party inspirationbirthday party ideas & inspirationshop on sale shop all birthday religious celebrationsbaptism & christeningfirst communionbar / bat mitzvahall religious themedchristmaschristmas party favorspersonalized christmas party favorschristmas party decorationschristmas party supplieschristmas giftsall christmas partycorporate partycorporate party favorscorporate logo party favorscorporate holiday party favorscorporate giftsall corporate partymilestone celebrationsgraduation partyretirement partywedding anniversaryupcoming holidaysvalentine's dayeastermother's dayfather's dayhalloweenthanksgivingchristmasnew year's evemore party inspirationparty ideas & inspirationshop baptism & christeningshop corporate party shop gifts for hershop corporate giftsshop gifts for himshop bridesmaids giftsshop gifts for babyshop groomsmen giftsshop gifts for homeshop all gifts home > testimonials about usfamily valuestestimonialspress centercharitypartnersaffiliatejobs beau-coup customer testimonials we are grateful for the support of our loyal customers who continue to spread the word about us. at beau-coup our goal is to offer an unmatched selection of unique party favors and gifts while providing a pleasant shopping experience through outstanding customer service. if we can help make event planning a little less stressful, we've done our jobs. please read what some of our customers are saying about us! show 24 48 96 all per page 381 testimonials found1234567...16 you just made a customer very happy. we will definitely provide great review for the personalized wine glasses. thanks again, cassie and your team.chrissy, oakland, ca cassie, thank you very much for resolving my issue so swiftly. it was my first time ordering with your company and was very impressed by your helpfulness. i will be happy to recommend beau-coup favors anytime i can. i am now looking forward to seeing the manicure sets hoping they are as cute as they looked patricia, locust valley, ny thank you so much! our sunday brunch was great and everyone loved the lip balm, i was very impressed with a company that calls you when they are not able to fill the order and spends over an hour on the phone with me to help me find favors. i will not forget this wonderful service and i will use your site again and tell my family and friends. sarah & brittany, upper marlboro, mdlaurel, everyone raved at the cookies saturday night! they were a huge hit! love your company!debbie, corona, ca thank you so much for your prompt attention to my order. i greatly appreciate your quick response and am look forward to receiving my order. again, thank you. i am extremely impressed with your wonderful customer service. carla, alpharetta, ga thanks again michael for all your help... you rock!!!raquel, chula vista, ca thank you so much. seriously will pass along how great and responsive you all are as a company. i know several people throwing bridal showers this year. look forward to doing business in the future!stephanie, silver spring, md i wanted to provide some feedback with respect to the service received by your staff member, laurel. she really took ownership of my order ensuring it arrived in time for my event. more then this, she provided the personal touch so i felt assured i was in good hands and she was overseeing the matter. my sincere thanks to her and compliments to beau-coup on having such a wonderful team member.genevieve, toronto, on i recently purchased 48 personalized baby shower little notebooks for my sister in law's baby shower. i was so excited when they came and i placed the front sticker on the pad! they are unique, cute and classic. we are going to add them to a bag of party favors to each guest and i know they will be a hit!! i brought one over to my brother and sis-in-law's house and they were just besides themselves seeing their unborn baby's name and the little saying i had put on it. thank you for providing me with the tools to create such a special gift.natoscia, portland, or we used the mini picnic baskets at a camping theme bridal shower and boy were they a hit! we loaded them with gummy hot dogs and gummy burgers and of course gummy coke bottles. too cute! thanks beau-coup!patricia, roseburg, orafter putting together some last minute gifts, beau-coup.com came through quickly and perfectly. we placed an excellent review on weddingwire, as everything turned out perfectly. even when we needed a last minute change on our gift bags customer service handled it extremely well and provided some great advice. the gifts looked amazing at our reception and worked out very well. we just wanted to thank you for your services!maneesh kumar & krishna, forest park, ilcassie, thank you so much for your prompt attention to my order. i greatly appreciate your quick response and am looking forward to receiving my order. again, thank you i am extremely impressed with your wonderful customer service. carla diaz, alpharetta, ga cassie, thanks so much! i would have submitted my order sooner, but i did not find these favors until recently and i really wanted them for the party. i will definitely let my family and friends know about your website and i will definitely be ordering from your website again. can't wait to receive the party favors.dawn, lake jackson, tx i just received my order of the crystal baby bottle key chains, and i just had to contact you and let you know how very pleased i am with your company. the crystal key chains are absolutely stunning! it is not the "cheap" crystal - this is "first class" and the way you all package them in those beautiful silver boxes with the beautiful bow - well, let's just say that i certainly feel i got my money's worth! well done to all of you!!! and i will certainly be ordering from you again - and will spread the word that your company is outstanding - in quality merchandise and in price! i couldn't be any more pleased! thank you with all my heart!!!!!!tricia, stillwater, mn i just want to express my most sincere thank you for the items i ordered through your web-store - all came in on time and are great !!! the silk paper touch was really nice!!! i will definitely recommend your site and chances are - i will place another order pretty soon! great work to all of you!!!danielle, stittsville, on, canada i love them!! the bookmarks are for my wedding, which is an indian wedding, they are perfect! i would recommend this product, even the box is really nice! shanta, brampton, on, canadai wanted to send y'all a big thank you and share the joy that we had this weekend! i ordered the diamond ring wine stopper, pink organza bags, and theses scalloped tags from y'all. we put them together for my best friends bridal shower and this was the result!!!! everyone adored them!!! they were the biggest hit of the whole occasion!!!!! thank you so much for your fabulous quality and impeccable customer service!!! we've used beau-coup before and will definitely use you again!!!! jan-marie, newnan, ga michael: thank you so much. you have been very helpful. i really appreciate every thing that you have done and followed through. very rare to find good customer service. it nice to see people like yourself are around to give it.gina, las vegas, nv aura, i just wanted to thank you for the wonderful service and tell you how absolutely thrilled i am with your products! this was my first order through your company and i didn't give you much time and i abused your printer and you still came through with flying colors. thank you so very much. my tea party will be a grand success thanks to all your beautiful products!jamie, erie, pa the seashell wine bottle stoppers are really of very good quality. the price was great for this item, and we plan to use them for bridal shower favors to go along with the beach honeymoon theme of the shower. the weight of each one is impressive, they are packaged nicely, and they should look lovely on the tables. i would definitely recommend them!patricia, throop, pa aura, thank you for your assistance with this matter. you are a valuable asset to beau-coup. i hope they recognize how important customer relations personnel are to business relationships. we will be sure to recommend beau-coup to all our friends. thanks again for your follow up and dedication.dennis, garden city, ny i thought the product was very well made and i think it will be a very nice party favor. robin, collegeville, pa thank you - the product did work out for me & was a great gift for our bridal shower attendees. i just bought too many! thanks for being so great to work with. beth, tipton, inthank you very much! great company!dennise, aventura, fl show 24 48 96 all per page 381 testimonials found1234567...16 contact us we would love to hear from you! we are constantly trying to improve our customers' experiences and would greately appreciate any feedback you can provide, both good and bad. business hours monday – friday (7:00am – 4:00pm pst) phone 877-988-2328 (toll-free) +1-650-967-3700 (international) email feedback@beau-coup.com live chatlive chat: onlinelive chat: offline subscribe to sales and exclusive offers!subscribecontact us email: info@beau-coup.comlive chat: onlinelive chat: offline8am - 5pm cstabout us about beau-coupour family valuestestimonialspress centernotable clientscharitable givingsite mapinfo check order statusprocess a returninfo & faqreturnsinternational orderscontact informationprivacy policywork with us affiliate programfor event plannersour partnersbecome an ambassadorexplore 2020 new collections2019 summer wedding lookbook2019 spring wedding lookbook2018 fall wedding lookbook2018 spring wedding lookbook2017 fall wedding lookbook2017 summer wedding lookbookbeau-coup blogstay connected!our brands:© 2020 beau-coup – usa