来源URL: https://web.archive.org/web/20161127141008/http://www.cablesforless.com:80/Testimonials.aspx
================================================================================

testimonials toggle navigation cables for less home helpful guides connect your pc to tvhdmi cables - what makes them different?5.1 surround sound setup guide more info company infocontact usfaqshours & holidaysmeet the staffpayment optionsshipping infotestimonials my cart 0 your cart is currently empty. sign in returning customers forgot password? my account update my email address or password manage my address book edit my wishlist new customers hide this message important cables for less alert attention: cables for less will be closed beginning monday dec. 26th through friday dec. 30th.  during this time you may still order through the website however no orders will ship until tuesday jan. 3rd.  have a merry christmas and a happy new year, from your cables for less family! sincerely,cables for less need help? (800) 273-9556 need help? (800) 273-9556 loading cables for less order timer... search javascript must be enabled to properly experience cablesforless.comfeel free to give us a call at (800) 273-9556 if you'd rather not enable javascript. we'd be happy to answer any questions you may have, or take your order over the phone. cookies must be enabled to properly experience cablesforless.comfeel free to give us a call at (800) 273-9556 if you'd rather not enable cookies. we'd be happy to answer any questions you may have, or take your order over the phone. testimonials at cablesforless.com we try to treat people as we would like to be treated. giving them only the best in customer service and satisfaction. if you'd like to let us know how your experience was when dealing with cablesforless.com, e-mail us at sales (at) cablesforless.com. roy thank you to you and your company again!!!! i found exactly what i needed. i will definitely recommend you, and use you for all of my cable and connector needs. roy ron, california i just wanted to say thank you for building your website in a consumer friendly fashion. i did searches all over the internet for a 30 lf hdmi cable and found that prices were so outrageous. **** *** is really "worst" buy in the cable department. what a scam!! not only were they outrageous, the product descriptions were horrible. your website is terrific and your prices are outstanding in comparison to others...you have a terrific service. keep up the great service!! thanks again. sincerely, ron don i recently purchased 3 hdmi commercial grade cables from you. the quality of the cable is exceptional and i must say the price is even better. comparing your cable with monster, you win. i'm using the cables on my sony xbr 40" hdtv and my son's playstation 3. the picture and sound quality are fantastic. i plan on purchasing additional cables in the near future as i up grade the rest of my old tv's to hi def. i will also recommend your commercial grade cables to anybody i know with a hdtv or planning to purchase one. don phil, florida i am writing to express my gratitude for the outstanding service you provided to my company yesterday. as we were completing the work on the video surveillance system for the university of central florida's new football stadium (brighthouse stadium) our field technicians realized we did not have some specially terminated fiber optic patch cables that were critical to the system. with only forty-eight hours left before kickoff of the stadium's inaugural game hosting the university of texas, we were scrambling to find the correct patch cables. after calling all of our local sources and several online vendors we found cables for less through a google search. you willingness to go the extra mile for us is greatly appreciated. we received the correct patch cables this morning and, thanks to your help, 45,000 football fans will be a little bit safer. nick, kentucky i just want to thank you for your great customer service. when my color of cable was back ordered the sales agent took the time to call the warehouse in order to find one that was in stock and switched my order to that so the order was at my door the next day. most places wouldn't take the time to do that but they did, and for that i think i found where i will be buying my cable in the future. thanks again, nick audrey what an awesome website! i was looking for the usb cable for my digital camcorder (not even the product website itself had the correct information!) and i googled my query and found you guys. your friendly website made it very easy to find the right cable and i will be ordering it today. i especially liked the company pic. many times, the customer feels like they're talking to someone on the other side of the world who couldn't give a crap about their problem or question. it's nice to know there's real people out there. thanks for making such a user-friendly website. howard, massachusetts i ordered a 29 foot hdmi cable an after seeing your price compared to my local stores i began to worry that i was getting an inferior cable from you. not so i was surprised to see the cable and the quality it works just great and i am sharing your site with my friends. watch for my second order to arrive at your business shortly. brian, missouri to whom it may concern, i just wanted to write to say thank you for your website and for the great things your business is doing. i have been a customer for a few years and i am routinely impressed with your service, the ease with which i can find things on your website, and how quickly and professionally things run. i'm sure you are very busy and most likely won't get a chance to see this e-mail, but i thought i would give it a shot because someone needs to tell you guys you are doing great! with hd really hitting full force here in the last few years, lots of stores and companies are trying to prey on customers by selling component cables or hdmi cables at ridiculous inflation without offering cheaper alternatives. i have always been able to find exactly what i was looking for with you guys at a reasonable price. ordering is simple and i always receive my shipment earlier than i expected. so that's all. i just wanted to thank you personally for being one or the few online businesses that cares about providing quality products to the customer quickly and for a great price. i have been scammed too many times online, and dealing with a company like cablesforless.com is always a refreshing experience that i enjoy. i recommend you guys to everyone i know that mentions going to best buy or radio shack. keep doing what your doing, you are a great company. thanks for all of the hard work, brian palmir i'm sending this email just to say how awesome your company is. your price are the best and the customer service is outstanding. i bought an hdmi cable that turned out to be defective. unlike any other company i have dealt with, the person i spoke to was very willing to help me replace the defective cable. i forgot the name of the person i spoke to (i think it was amy or tammy), she claimed to be the owners wife. regardless, she deserves to be praised. i will make sure to refer everyone i know to your company. have a great day and go colts... palmir customer for life daniel, arizona thanks for the quick and thorough response. you are an unusually helpful company. keep up the good work. lisa, illinois i just wanted to thank your company for all of the wonderful service they showed me. i had a cable that i needed to return because it broke on me. i called and i believe tom (?) helped me out. i received the new cable the next day. thank you again. lis david, oklahoma your company is the best in every way that i have done business with in the last 20 years. thank you. david jenifer, illinois wow! you guys are awesome! i just ordered these cables yesterday and we have the cables already! my salesperson was joyce and was a pleasure to work with. we will definitely keep you in mind the next time we are looking for cables. thanks for the great service. best regards, jenifer arthur, illinois just wanted to let you know what a great job your people are doing. i called on wednesday early afternoon with a question, got a quick answer, ordered the parts and it all arrived this friday morning. don't know how they did that but i guess ups gets some credit. hope this offsets some of the problems people are quick to write. art sandi dear cfl sales: your company has the best customer service of any company i have ever dealt with in many years!!! thanks for your response today. thanks so much! sandi bob just a quick note to say thanks for the great service. also want to say congratulations of a well deserved super bowl victory. mark hello this is in regards to the order i recently placed with your company. it just came in the mail and i wanted to let you know how much i appreciated the quick response to my order. i have never heard of your company before. i needed some cables and did a search on the net and up popped your company among others. i saw your claim of reasonable shipping rates on small orders along with good pricing on the products. you came through in both regards. i placed the order on thursday last week and it was here in the mail on mandy, using just regular usps mail service. the cables were just what i was looking for and the ones i have tried have worked fine. i was pleasantly surprised at the substantial shipping box. i was expecting a soft pack mailer. i couldn't rate the experience much better than that. i will be looking to you first in the future for my cable/connector needs. keep up the good job and rest assured that i will pass the word on to my friends who also have cable and connector needs. keep up the good job. mark gary, ohio i have made an online purchase from you organization on two different occasions. both times the product and service were outstanding. i tell people of your great service whenever opportunity arises. thinks for being an establishment that i can count on. i am most appreciative of your great service. gary glenn your stuff is great! mark, north caroline fyi, i think you guys are awesome!! i am not only going to use you guys for all my cable needs, but i will also recommend you to anyone looking for cables. thanks again, mark sam gentlemen, i wanted to take a second to say thank you! for the outstanding layout of your website, shopping cart and checkout process. thank you again for the great website design and shopping cart process… as well as the great savings on the items i purchased. the total for these items at the local radio shack was in excess of $50. regards, sam phillip, maryland thanks for handling this order. i received the cable last thursday and it is exactly what i need. great work! bill to all: i wanted to thank you for fulfilling my order #50307 to my full satisfaction. from navigating the web site and ordering, to the cables being delivered. it was easy and convenient. your pricing was very competitive and i will recommend your company to my friends and family. thanks again, bill alan thanks for the advice. i bought a 15' cable from you and it works great (and it was really delivered quickly). wish i had been smarter to begin with. alan david i placed an order with cables for less yesterday for the first time. i was very impressed with the ability to respond with an auto response e-mail message containing the details of my order, and the tracking ability on your website. thanks in advance. andy i really appreciate the personalized service from you; it's pretty rare! i'll be in touch. best, andy matthew i wanted to thank your staff for there speed. i have never seen a website ship that fast. :) thank you, matthew rudresh i would like to extend my hearty thanks to you for the 15hd vga cable. the reception on my sun monitor due to the cable is awesome. thanks once again. rudresh doug thanks for your help on putting together the necessary cables for the particular equipment i'm getting. that certainly goes "above and beyond" any customer support i was expecting! russ, illinois i was in a huge bind this morning, needing nine custom fiber channel coupling cables made immediately and shipped overnight to a large customer. i spoke with robert this morning and explained my situation and he was able to help! his customer services, knowledge and willingness to help was top notch! i know that you own and operate a fairly small company in terms of employees, but people like robert are one of the reasons why you are in business and why your business will grow! i will be sure to come to your company with all of my cabling needs and will pass your name onto my associates. thank you so much for your help and providing people to work with like robert! sincerely, russ jim i recently purchased some cabling from you folks. thank you, it was exactly what you suggested, i had to go into the dvd player's menu and select component now all is fine. thank you so much for your help. jim brenda, florida i just wanted to say how happy i was dealing with your company. my order arrived quickly and the cable worked perfectly (the rep helped me spec out what i needed, as i had no clue!) it was a great experience, great phone service and a great price. i will definitely call again with any future needs! thank you! best regards, brenda most popular cable types hdmi cables(for hdtv) rca cables(yellow, red & white) usb cables(printer cables, etc.) vga cables(for computer monitors) 3.5mm audio cables(for many applications) cell phone & tablet cables(for most new cell phones & tablets) super closeouts small items adapters and couplers adapters - audio and video adapters - vga, hdmi and dvi adapters - keyboard and mouse adapters - networking to d-sub adapters - power supply adapters - serial and null modem adapters - usb and firewire couplers - fiber optic networking metal fiber optic couplers multimode fiber optic couplers singlemode fiber optic couplers singlemode apc fiber optic couplers fiber optic attenuators couplers - networking and phone rj11 and rj12 couplers and y-adapters rj45 couplers gender changers - serial and vga connectors and cable ends rca connectors solder-type rca connectors f-type connectors rg59 f-type connectors rg59-mini f-type connectors rg6 f-type connectors bnc connectors rg58 bnc connectors rg59 bnc connectors rg59-mini bnc connectors rg6 bnc connectors speaker wire connectors sub-mini audio connectors rj11, rj12 and rj45 connectors cat5e rj45 connectors cat6 rj45 connectors rj11 and rj12 connectors cat5 and cat6 boots cat5e boots cat6 boots y-cables and splitters audio video y-splitters f-type coaxial cable splitters cables audio cables audio video cables hdmi cables value hdmi cables (good) performance hdmi cables (better) ultra hdmi cables (best) extended length and in-wall hdmi cables hdmi cables with redmere technology class 2 (cl2) rated in-wall hdmi cables plenum rated hdmi cables hdmi mini cables (c) hdmi micro cables (d) hdmi to dvi-d cables usb to mhl hdmi adapters toslink optical audio cables value toslink optical audio cables (good) performance toslink optical audio cables (better) toslink optical audio to mini-toslink audio cables s/pdif digital coaxial audio cables value s/pdif digital coaxial audio cables (good) performance s/pdif digital coaxial audio cables (better) ultra s/pdif digital coaxial audio cables (best) component video cables value component video cables (good) performance component video cables (better) performance component video cables with rca audio (better) performance component video cables with toslink optical audio (better) ultra rgb individual component video cables (best) ultra rgb jacketed component video cables (best) ultra rgbhv jacketed component video cables (best) s-video - svhs cables value s-video - svhs video cables (good) performance s video - svhs video cables (better) ultra s-video - svhs cables (best) s-video - svhs video cables with toslink optical audio rca composite cables 1 channel rca video cables value 1 channel rca video cables (good) performance 1 channel rca video cables (better) ultra 1 channel rca video cables (best) 2 channel rca stereo audio cables value 2 channel rca stereo audio cables (good) performance 2 channel rca stereo audio cables (better) ultra 2 channel rca stereo audio cables (best) 3 channel rca audio video cables value 3 channel rca audio video cables (good) performance 3 channel rca audio video cables (better) ultra 3 channel rca audio video cables (best) specialty rca cables sub-mini 3.5mm stereo phono cables value 3.5mm stereo cables (good) male to female value 3.5mm stereo cables (good) performance 3.5mm stereo cables (better) ultra 3.5mm stereo cables (best) female to female ultra 3.5 mini stereo cables (best) male to female ultra 3.5 mini stereo cables (best) 3.5mm stereo to rca x2 cables super high quality 3.5 mm extended tip male to male audio cable f-type coaxial cables rg59 f-type coaxial cables rg6 f-type coaxial cables rg6 weather-proof satellite cable bnc cables rg59 bnc cables rg6 bnc cables cctv cables bnc to rca cables subwoofer cables speaker wire 50 foot spools 100 foot spools 500 foot spools 1000 foot spools high qualilty in-wall speaker wire outdoor-direct burial speaker wire hdtv and projector cables hd15 to bnc x5 cables hd15 to rca x3 cables hd15 to rca x5 cables bulk audio video cable rg59 bulk coaxial cable rg6 bulk coaxial cable microphone bulk cable professional grade and structured wiring bulk cable computer cables usb cables usb a to b cables usb a to a (male to male) cables usb a to a (male to female) cables usb a to usb mini and micro cables usb a to micro b cables usb a to mini b 14 pin cables usb a to mini b 4 pin cables usb a to mini b 5 pin cables usb a to mini b 8 pin cables usb 3.0 cables usb 3.0 a to b cables usb 3.0 a to micro b cables usb 3.0 a to a (male to female) usb 3.0 a to a (male to male) long length usb extension cables usb 3.1 type-c firewire (ieee 1394) cables firewire 400mbps 4 to 4 pin firewire cables 4 to 6 pin firewire cables 6 to 6 pin firewire cables firewire-b 800mbps 9 to 4 pin firewire-b cables 9 to 6 pin firewire-b cables 9 to 9 pin firewire-b cables serial cables db25 male to female rs-232 serial cables db25 male to male rs-232 serial cables db9 female to db25 male rs-232 serial cables db9 female to female rs-232 serial cables db9 male to female rs-232 serial cables db9 male to male rs-232 serial cables null modem cables db25 female to female null modem cables db25 male to female null modem cables db9 female - female null modem cables db9 female to db25 female null modem cables db9 female to db25 male null modem cables db9 male to female null modem cables kvm cables ps/2 kvm cables with male to male hd15 usb kvm cables with male to female hd15 ps/2 mouse and keyboard cables ps/2 male to male cables ps/2 male to female cables custom cable assemblies custom cable calculators custom rca and bnc cable calculators custom video cable calculators custom studio-grade audio cable calculators custom fiber cable calculators custom cat5e and cat6 cable calculators custom d-sub cable calculators custom miscellaneous cable calculators custom audio cable assemblies custom video cable assemblies custom networking cable assemblies misc custom cable assemblies gaming cables wii cables and accessories hot deals monitor video cables svga cables male to male svga cables male to female svga cables slim svga cables svga cables with 3.5mm audio specialty svga cables ez install svga cables ez install cable ends cl2 rated svga cables male to male cl2 rated svga cables male to female cl2 rated svga cables dvi-d cables dual link dvi-d cables single link dvi-d cables dvi-i cables dvi to svga cables displayport cables and accessories displayport to displayport cables displayport to hdmi cables displayport to dvi-d cables displayport adapters mini displayport cables mini displayport adapters standard qualilty vga cables male to male standard quality vga cable male to female standard quality vga cables networking - cat5e, cat6 & cat7 cat6 cables - snagless (booted) black cat6 cables blue cat6 cables gray cat6 cables green cat6 cables orange cat6 cables purple cat6 cables red cat6 cables white cat6 cables yellow cat6 cables cat5e cables - snagless (booted) black cat5e cables blue cat5e cables gray cat5e cables green cat5e cables orange cat5e cables purple cat5e cables red cat5e cables white cat5e cables yellow cat5e cables cat6 cables - non-booted black cat6 cables - non-booted blue cat6 cables - non-booted cat5e cables - non-booted cat6a cables - shielded cat7 cables - shielded-booted outdoor-direct burial patch cables bulk networking cable bulk cat5e 350mhz - solid bulk cat5e 350mhz - stranded bulk cat6 550mhz - solid bulk cat6 550mhz - stranded bulk cat5e stp - shielded networking cable cat5e solid shielded cable cat5e stranded shielded cable bulk cat6 stp - shielded networking cable cat6 solid shielded cable cat6 stranded shielded cable bulk plenum-rated networking cable cat6 plenum cable cat5e plenum cable cat6 plenum shielded cable specialty networking cable cat5e crossover cables - booted, orange networking - fiber optic 62.5/125 multimode fiber lc to lc 62.5/125 mulitmode duplex fiber patch cables lc to sc 62.5/125 mulitmode duplex fiber patch cables lc to st 62.5/125 mulitmode duplex fiber patch cables lc to fc 62.5/125 mulitmode duplex fiber patch cables lc to mtrj 62.5/125 mulitmode duplex fiber patch cables sc to sc 62.5/125 mulitmode duplex fiber patch cables sc to st 62.5/125 mulitmode duplex fiber patch cables sc to fc 62.5/125 mulitmode duplex fiber patch cables sc to mtrj 62.5/125 mulitmode duplex fiber patch cables st to st 62.5/125 mulitmode duplex fiber patch cables st to fc 62.5/125 multimode duplex fiber patch cables st to mtrj 62.5/125 multimode duplex fiber patch cables fc to mtrj 62.5/125 multimode duplex fiber patch cables mtrj to mtrj 62.5/125 multimode duplex fiber patch cables 50/125 multimode fiber lc to lc 50/125 multimode duplex fiber patch cables lc to sc 50/125 multimode duplex fiber patch cables lc to st 50/125 multimode duplex fiber patch cables sc to sc 50/125 multimode duplex fiber patch cables 10 gigabit, 50/125 multimode fiber lc to lc 10 gigabit, 50/125 multimode duplex fiber patch cables lc to sc 10 gigabit, 50/125 multimode duplex fiber patch cables sc to sc 10 gigabit, 50/125 multimode duplex fiber patch cables singlemode fiber singlemode apc fiber singlemode sc-apc/sc-apc patch cables singlemode sc-upc/sc-apc patch cable singlemode lc-upc/lc-apc patch cable singlemode lc-upc/sc-apc patch cable singlemode lc-apc/lc-apc patch cable lc to lc singlemode duplex fiber patch cables lc to sc singlemode duplex fiber patch cables lc to st singlemode duplex fiber patch cables lc to fc singlemode duplex fiber patch cables lc to mtrj singlemode duplex fiber patch cables sc to sc singlemode duplex fiber patch cables sc to st singlemode duplex fiber patch cables sc to fc singlemode duplex fiber patch cables sc to mtrj singlemode duplex fiber patch cables st to st singlemode duplex fiber patch cables st to fc singlemode duplex fiber patch cables st to mtrj singlemode duplex fiber patch cables fc to fc singlemode duplex fiber patch cables fc to mtrj singlemode duplex fiber patch cables mtrj to mtrj singlemode duplex fiber patch cables om4 50/125 multimode fiber lc to lc om4, 50/125 multimode duplex fiber patch cables lc to sc om4, 50/125 multimode duplex fiber patch cables sc to sc om4, 50/125 multimode duplex fiber patch cables mtp/mpo fiber products mtp/mpo fiber optic trunks mtp male to male trunks om3 male to male trunks om4 male to male trunks mtp female to female trunks om3 female to female trunks om4 female to female trunks mtp/mpo fiber optic fan-outs sc fan-outs om3 fanouts om4 fanouts lc fan-outs om3 fanouts om4 fanouts mtp/mpo fiber optic cassettes om3 cassettes om4 cassettes mode conditioning fiber mode conditioning sc fiber mode conditioning lc fiber mode conditioning st fiber rack mount fiber patch panels multimode loaded patch panels singlemode loaded patch panels modular patch panel system (make your own) modular patch panel plates modular patch panel adapters fiber optic termination boxes pigtails and fan out kits fiber optic pigtails 6 fiber pigtails 12 fiber pigtails fiber optic fan out kits bulk fiber cable fiber optic cleaning products fiber optic cleaning wipes fiber optic cleaning sticks fiber optic cleaning fluids fiber optic cleaning kits fiber tool kits, connectors, and couplers tool kits and connectors fiber optic couplers fiber optic attenuators misc/custom fiber cables power cables cell phone charger cables high quality surge protectors standard computer power cables notebook power cables power extension cables and liberators miscellaneous power cables power supply cables - male to female ground straps, clamps and adapters super closeouts-must go!!! home theater accessories cable management speedwrap ties nylon cable ties mounting clips d-ring cable management in-wall wiring solutions powerbridge in-wall wiring solutions in-wall power + av cable extension kits platinum - with av cable pass throughs low profile slim kits with av cable couplers with av cable pass-through av cable pass-throughs bull-nose pass-throughs cablepass pass-throughs cablesock pass-throughs datacomm in-wall wiring solutions in-wall power and av cable kits recessed cable pass-throughs wall plates and inserts drywall mounting hardware decorative wall plate surrounds pre-made wall plates popular combinations and configurations hdmi and dvi wall plates rca and bnc wall plates svga wall plates surround sound wall plates coaxial/f-type and bnc wall plates telephone wall plates top quality metal wall plates surface mount boxes other wall plates make your own wall plates wall plate item inserts blank keystone inserts bnc keystone inserts f-type coaxial keystone inserts hdmi keystone inserts networking keystone inserts 110 punch down style rca keystone inserts speaker wire keystone inserts sub-mini 3.5mm keystone inserts s-video - svhs keystone inserts toslink/optical audio keystone inserts usb and firewire keystone inserts keystone face plates decorative wall plate inserts wall and ceiling mounts tv mounts small (10 to 22 inch) small mounts - articulating and cantlever small mounts - fixed/flat small mounts - pivot and swivel small mounts - tilt tv mounts medium (23 to 39 inch) medium mounts - articulating and cantlever medium mounts - fixed/flat medium mounts - pivot and swivel medium mounts - tilt tv mounts large (40 to 60 inch) large mounts - articulating and cantlever large mounts - fixed/flat large mounts - pivot and swivel large mounts - tilt tv mounts extra large (61+ inches) extra large mounts - articulating and cantlever extra large mounts - fixed/flat extra large mounts - tilt ceiling mounts projector mounts hardware and misc cctv cable and accessories rack mount accessories cat6 patch panels wall mount brackets converters and extenders audio video over cat6 extenders video converters audio converters and extenders networking converters ir extenders for satellite installers accessories dish approved directv approved cell phone/tablet & mp3 cable... audio/video (standard) hdmi (mini & micro) multipliers and switchers audio video multipliers audio video switchers computer sharing products svga multipliers tools and testers coaxial cable tools networking tools misc tools cable testers closeout items audio video closeout items miscellaneous closeout items great gift ideas merchant services contact ustoll free(800) 273-9556local(317) 539-5620fax(317) 539-5625sales emailsales (at) cablesforless.comcustomer service emailcservice (at) cablesforless.comaddress9093 s sr 39mooresville, in 46158helpful linksmy accountforgot passwordorder historyupdate profilemanage addresseswishlisthow-to guidesconnect your pc to tvhdmi cables - what makes them different?5.1 surround sound setup guidefiber optics explainedlearn morebackorderscareerscompany infocopyrightfaqshours & holidaysmeet the staffpayment optionsprivacy policyreturnsshipping infoterms & conditionstestimonials © 2016 cables for less close your cart has been updated. the requested quantity has been added to your cart, but please keep in mind that this may delay the shipment of your entire order. we do apologize for the inconvenience. for more details, please visit our backorders page. if you would like to check the eta for this item, please give us a call: (800) 273-9556 continue shopping estimate shipping view / edit cart ready to place your order?