来源URL: https://web.archive.org/web/20171206122540/http://www.cablesforless.com/testimonials/
================================================================================

testimonials categories custom cables custom audio cable assemblies custom cable calculators audio cable calculators cat5e and cat6 cable calculators d-sub cable calculators fiber cable calculators miscellaneous cable calculators rca and bnc cable calculators video cable calculators custom video cable assemblies misc custom cable assemblies fiber optic 62.5/125 multimode fiber fc to mtrj 62.5/125 patch cables lc to fc 62.5/125 patch cables lc to lc 62.5/125 patch cables lc to mtrj 62.5/125 patch cables lc to sc 62.5/125 patch cables lc to st 62.5/125 patch cables mtrj to mtrj 62.5/125 patch cables sc to fc 62.5/125 patch cables sc to mtrj 62.5/125 patch cables sc to sc 62.5/125 patch cables sc to st 62.5/125 patch cables st to fc 62.5/125 patch cables st to mtrj 62.5/125 patch cables st to st 62.5/125 patch cables 50/125 multimode fiber lc to lc 50/125 patch cables lc to sc 50/125 patch cables lc to st 50/125 patch cables sc to sc 50/125 patch cables 10 gigabit, 50/125 multimode fiber lc to lc 10 gigabit, 50/125 jumpers lc to sc 10 gigabit, 50/125 jumpers sc to sc 10 gigabit, 50/125 jumpers singlemode fiber singlemode apc fiber lc-apc/lc-apc jumpers lc-upc/lc-apc jumpers lc-upc/sc-apc jumpers sc-apc/sc-apc jumpers sc-upc/sc-apc jumpers lc to fc singlemode jumpers lc to lc singlemode jumpers lc to mtrj singlemode jumpers lc to sc singlemode jumpers lc to st singlemode jumpers fc to fc singlemode jumpers fc to mtrj singlemode jumpers mtrj to mtrj singlemode jumpers sc to fc singlemode jumpers sc to mtrj singlemode jumpers sc to sc singlemode jumpers sc to st singlemode jumpers st to fc singlemode jumpers st to mtrj singlemode jumpers st to st singlemode jumpers om4 50/125 multimode fiber lc to lc om4, 50/125 jumpers lc to sc om4, 50/125 jumpers sc to sc om4, 50/125 jumpers mtp/mpo fiber products mtp/mpo fiber optic cassettes om3 cassettes om4 cassettes mtp/mpo fiber optic fan-outs lc fan-outs sc fan-outs mtp/mpo fiber optic trunks mtp female to female trunks mtp male to male trunks mode conditioning fiber mode conditioning lc fiber mode conditioning sc fiber mode conditioning st fiber rack mount fiber patch panels modular patch panel system modular patch panel adapters modular patch panel plates multimode loaded patch panels singlemode loaded patch panels fiber optic termination boxes pigtails and fan out kits fiber optic fan out kits fiber optic pigtails 12 fiber pigtails 6 fiber pigtails clearance - overrun fiber fiber optic cleaning products fiber optic cleaning fluids fiber optic cleaning kits fiber optic cleaning sticks fiber optic cleaning wipes tool kits, connectors, and couplers fiber optic attenuators fiber optic couplers fiber optic loopback modules fiber optic male to female adapters tool kits and connectors misc/custom fiber cables hdmi cables value hdmi cables (good) performance hdmi cables (better) ultra hdmi cables (best) custom built hdmi cables extended length in-wall cables in-wall cl2 rated hdmi cables in-wall cl3 rated hdmi cables long redmere hdmi cables plenum rated hdmi cables hdmi mini cables (c) hdmi micro cables (d) hdmi to dvi-d cables usb to mhl hdmi adapters networking bulk networking cable bulk cat5e 350mhz - solid bulk cat5e 350mhz - stranded bulk cat5e stp - shielded cable cat5e solid shielded cable cat5e stranded shielded cable bulk cat6 550mhz - solid bulk cat6 550mhz - stranded bulk cat6 stp - shielded cable cat6 solid shielded cable cat6 stranded shielded cable bulk plenum-rated networking cable cat5e plenum cable cat6 plenum cable cat6 plenum shielded cable specialty networking cable cat5e cables - non-booted cat5e cables - snagless (booted) black cat5e cables blue cat5e cables gray cat5e cables green cat5e cables orange cat5e cables purple cat5e cables red cat5e cables white cat5e cables yellow cat5e cables cat5e crossover cables cat6 cables - non-booted black cat6 cables - non-booted blue cat6 cables - non-booted cat6 cables - shielded black cat6 shielded blue cat6 shielded gray cat6 shielded green cat6 shielded red cat6 shielded white cat6 shielded yellow cat6 shielded cat6 cables - snagless (booted) black cat6 cables blue cat6 cables gray cat6 cables green cat6 cables orange cat6 cables purple cat6 cables red cat6 cables white cat6 cables yellow cat6 cables cat6a cables - shielded cat7 cables - shielded-booted outdoor-direct burial patch cables other cables monitor video cables svga cables male to female svga cables male to male svga cables svga cables with 3.5mm audio standard qualilty vga cables male to female standard quality vga cables male to male standard quality vga cable specialty svga cables cl2 rated svga cables ez install svga cables high quality plenum rated svga cables slim svga cables dvi to svga cables dvi-d cables dual link dvi-d cables single link dvi-d cables dvi-i cables displayport cables and accessories displayport adapters displayport to displayport cables displayport to dvi-d cables displayport to hdmi cables mini displayport adapters mini displayport cables m1 cables and accessories power cables cell phone charger cables ground straps, clamps and adapters high quality surge protectors miscellaneous power cables notebook power cables power extension cables and liberators power supply cables - male to female standard computer power cables audio video cables bnc cables bnc to rca cables cctv cables rg59 bnc cables rg6 bnc cables bulk audio video cable microphone bulk cable professional grade and structured wiring bulk c rg59 bulk coaxial cable rg6 bulk coaxial cable component video cables performance component video cables (better) performance component video cables with rca aud performance component video cables with toslink ultra rgb individual component video cables (be ultra rgb jacketed component video cables (best ultra rgbhv individual component video cables ( ultra rgbhv jacketed component video cables (be value component video cables (good) f-type coaxial cables rg59 f-type coaxial cables rg6 f-type coaxial cables rg6 weather-proof satellite cable hdtv and projector cables bnc x3 to bnc x3 cables bnc x3 to rca x3 cables bnc x5 to bnc x5 cables bnc x5 to rca x5 cables hd15 to bnc x3 cables hd15 to bnc x5 cables hd15 to rca x3 cables hd15 to rca x5 cables rca composite cables 1 channel rca video cables 2 channel rca stereo audio cables 3 channel rca audio video cables specialty rca cables s-video - svhs cables performance s video - svhs video cables (better s-video - svhs video cables with rca audio s-video - svhs video cables with toslink optica ultra s-video - svhs cables (best) value s-video - svhs video cables (good) s/pdif digital coaxial audio cables performance s/pdif digital coaxial audio cables ultra s/pdif digital coaxial audio cables (best value s/pdif digital coaxial audio cables (good speaker wire 100 foot spools 1000 foot spools 50 foot spools 500 foot spools high qualilty in-wall speaker wire outdoor-direct burial speaker wire performance speaker wire (better) ultra speaker wire (best) value speaker wire (good) sub-mini 3.5mm stereo phono cables 3.5mm stereo to rca x2 cables everything else 3.5mm performance 3.5mm stereo cables (better) super high quality 3.5 mm extended tip male to ultra 3.5mm stereo cables (best) value 3.5mm stereo cables (good) subwoofer cables toslink optical audio cables performance toslink optical audio cables (bette toslink optical audio to mini-toslink audio cab value toslink optical audio cables (good) computer cables usb cables long length usb extension cables usb 3.0 cables usb 3.1 type-c usb a to a (male to female) cables usb a to a (male to male) cables usb a to b cables usb a to usb mini and micro cables cd audio cables firewire (ieee 1394) cables firewire 400mbps firewire-b 800mbps flat ribbon cables kvm cables ps/2 kvm cables with male to female hd15 ps/2 kvm cables with male to male hd15 specialty kvm cables usb kvm cables with male to female hd15 usb kvm cables with male to male hd15 null modem cables db25 female to female null modem cables db25 male to female null modem cables db25 male to male null modem cables db9 female - female null modem cables db9 female to db25 female null modem cables db9 female to db25 male null modem cables db9 male to female null modem cables db9 male to male null modem cables pcmcia ps/2 mouse and keyboard cables ps/2 male to female cables ps/2 male to male cables serial ata cables serial cables db25 female to female rs-232 serial cables db25 male to female rs-232 serial cables db25 male to male rs-232 serial cables db9 female to db25 male rs-232 serial cables db9 female to female rs-232 serial cables db9 male to female rs-232 serial cables db9 male to male rs-232 serial cables sma cables usb printer cables super closeouts-must go!!! gaming cables wii cables and accessories hot deals other items cctv cable and accessories cell phone/tablet & mp3 cable... audio/video (standard) hdmi (mini & micro) closeout items audio video closeout items miscellaneous closeout items networking closeout items scsi closeout items converters and extenders audio converters and extenders audio video over cat6 extenders ir extenders networking converters video converters for satellite installers accessories directv approved dish approved great gift ideas home theater accessories cable management cable clamps d-ring cable management mounting clips nylon cable ties speedwrap ties in-wall wiring solutions datacomm in-wall wiring solutions powerbridge in-wall wiring solutions rapidrun cabling solution wall and ceiling mounts ceiling mounts projector mounts tv mounts extra large (61+ inches) tv mounts large (40 to 60 inch) tv mounts medium (23 to 39 inch) tv mounts small (10 to 22 inch) wall plates and inserts decorative wall plate surrounds drywall mounting hardware make your own wall plates pre-made wall plates multipliers and switchers audio video multipliers audio video switchers computer sharing products kvm kits svga multipliers switchboxes - manual swtichboxes - automatic rack mount accessories cat6 patch panels wall mount brackets small items adapters and couplers adapters - audio and video adapters - keyboard and mouse adapters - networking to d-sub adapters - power supply adapters - serial and null modem adapters - usb and firewire adapters - vga, hdmi and dvi couplers - fiber optic networking couplers - networking and phone gender changers - serial and vga connectors and cable ends bnc connectors cat5 and cat6 boots f-type connectors rca connectors rj11, rj12 and rj45 connectors speaker wire connectors sub-mini audio connectors y-cables and splitters audio video y-splitters f-type coaxial cable splitters tools and testers cable fishing / routing tools cable testers coaxial cable tools computer hardware tools misc tools networking tools brands ctycstvtclptmrprimdc view all brands additional information home about us backorders company info faq fiber optics explained hours and hoidays learn more copyrightpayment optionsreturnstestimonials network cabling basics non-returnable products privacy policy shipping info terms and conditions which hdmi cable do i buy? shipping & returns contact us rss syndication site information loading... please wait... call us on 800-273-9556 my account wish lists sign in or create an account search cutoff for same day shipping is 3:00pm est categories custom cables custom audio cable assemblies custom cable calculators audio cable calculators cat5e and cat6 cable calculators d-sub cable calculators fiber cable calculators miscellaneous cable calculators rca and bnc cable calculators video cable calculators custom video cable assemblies misc custom cable assemblies fiber optic 62.5/125 multimode fiber fc to mtrj 62.5/125 patch cables lc to fc 62.5/125 patch cables lc to lc 62.5/125 patch cables lc to mtrj 62.5/125 patch cables lc to sc 62.5/125 patch cables lc to st 62.5/125 patch cables mtrj to mtrj 62.5/125 patch cables sc to fc 62.5/125 patch cables sc to mtrj 62.5/125 patch cables sc to sc 62.5/125 patch cables sc to st 62.5/125 patch cables st to fc 62.5/125 patch cables st to mtrj 62.5/125 patch cables st to st 62.5/125 patch cables 50/125 multimode fiber lc to lc 50/125 patch cables lc to sc 50/125 patch cables lc to st 50/125 patch cables sc to sc 50/125 patch cables 10 gigabit, 50/125 multimode fiber lc to lc 10 gigabit, 50/125 jumpers lc to sc 10 gigabit, 50/125 jumpers sc to sc 10 gigabit, 50/125 jumpers singlemode fiber singlemode apc fiber lc-apc/lc-apc jumpers lc-upc/lc-apc jumpers lc-upc/sc-apc jumpers sc-apc/sc-apc jumpers sc-upc/sc-apc jumpers lc to fc singlemode jumpers lc to lc singlemode jumpers lc to mtrj singlemode jumpers lc to sc singlemode jumpers lc to st singlemode jumpers fc to fc singlemode jumpers fc to mtrj singlemode jumpers mtrj to mtrj singlemode jumpers sc to fc singlemode jumpers sc to mtrj singlemode jumpers sc to sc singlemode jumpers sc to st singlemode jumpers st to fc singlemode jumpers st to mtrj singlemode jumpers st to st singlemode jumpers om4 50/125 multimode fiber lc to lc om4, 50/125 jumpers lc to sc om4, 50/125 jumpers sc to sc om4, 50/125 jumpers mtp/mpo fiber products mtp/mpo fiber optic cassettes om3 cassettes om4 cassettes mtp/mpo fiber optic fan-outs lc fan-outs sc fan-outs mtp/mpo fiber optic trunks mtp female to female trunks mtp male to male trunks mode conditioning fiber mode conditioning lc fiber mode conditioning sc fiber mode conditioning st fiber rack mount fiber patch panels modular patch panel system modular patch panel adapters modular patch panel plates multimode loaded patch panels singlemode loaded patch panels fiber optic termination boxes pigtails and fan out kits fiber optic fan out kits fiber optic pigtails 12 fiber pigtails 6 fiber pigtails clearance - overrun fiber fiber optic cleaning products fiber optic cleaning fluids fiber optic cleaning kits fiber optic cleaning sticks fiber optic cleaning wipes tool kits, connectors, and couplers fiber optic attenuators fiber optic couplers fiber optic loopback modules fiber optic male to female adapters tool kits and connectors misc/custom fiber cables hdmi cables value hdmi cables (good) performance hdmi cables (better) ultra hdmi cables (best) custom built hdmi cables extended length in-wall cables in-wall cl2 rated hdmi cables in-wall cl3 rated hdmi cables long redmere hdmi cables plenum rated hdmi cables hdmi mini cables (c) hdmi micro cables (d) hdmi to dvi-d cables usb to mhl hdmi adapters networking bulk networking cable bulk cat5e 350mhz - solid bulk cat5e 350mhz - stranded bulk cat5e stp - shielded cable cat5e solid shielded cable cat5e stranded shielded cable bulk cat6 550mhz - solid bulk cat6 550mhz - stranded bulk cat6 stp - shielded cable cat6 solid shielded cable cat6 stranded shielded cable bulk plenum-rated networking cable cat5e plenum cable cat6 plenum cable cat6 plenum shielded cable specialty networking cable cat5e cables - non-booted cat5e cables - snagless (booted) black cat5e cables blue cat5e cables gray cat5e cables green cat5e cables orange cat5e cables purple cat5e cables red cat5e cables white cat5e cables yellow cat5e cables cat5e crossover cables cat6 cables - non-booted black cat6 cables - non-booted blue cat6 cables - non-booted cat6 cables - shielded black cat6 shielded blue cat6 shielded gray cat6 shielded green cat6 shielded red cat6 shielded white cat6 shielded yellow cat6 shielded cat6 cables - snagless (booted) black cat6 cables blue cat6 cables gray cat6 cables green cat6 cables orange cat6 cables purple cat6 cables red cat6 cables white cat6 cables yellow cat6 cables cat6a cables - shielded cat7 cables - shielded-booted outdoor-direct burial patch cables other cables monitor video cables svga cables male to female svga cables male to male svga cables svga cables with 3.5mm audio standard qualilty vga cables male to female standard quality vga cables male to male standard quality vga cable specialty svga cables cl2 rated svga cables ez install svga cables high quality plenum rated svga cables slim svga cables dvi to svga cables dvi-d cables dual link dvi-d cables single link dvi-d cables dvi-i cables displayport cables and accessories displayport adapters displayport to displayport cables displayport to dvi-d cables displayport to hdmi cables mini displayport adapters mini displayport cables m1 cables and accessories power cables cell phone charger cables ground straps, clamps and adapters high quality surge protectors miscellaneous power cables notebook power cables power extension cables and liberators power supply cables - male to female standard computer power cables audio video cables bnc cables bnc to rca cables cctv cables rg59 bnc cables rg6 bnc cables bulk audio video cable microphone bulk cable professional grade and structured wiring bulk c rg59 bulk coaxial cable rg6 bulk coaxial cable component video cables performance component video cables (better) performance component video cables with rca aud performance component video cables with toslink ultra rgb individual component video cables (be ultra rgb jacketed component video cables (best ultra rgbhv individual component video cables ( ultra rgbhv jacketed component video cables (be value component video cables (good) f-type coaxial cables rg59 f-type coaxial cables rg6 f-type coaxial cables rg6 weather-proof satellite cable hdtv and projector cables bnc x3 to bnc x3 cables bnc x3 to rca x3 cables bnc x5 to bnc x5 cables bnc x5 to rca x5 cables hd15 to bnc x3 cables hd15 to bnc x5 cables hd15 to rca x3 cables hd15 to rca x5 cables rca composite cables 1 channel rca video cables 2 channel rca stereo audio cables 3 channel rca audio video cables specialty rca cables s-video - svhs cables performance s video - svhs video cables (better s-video - svhs video cables with rca audio s-video - svhs video cables with toslink optica ultra s-video - svhs cables (best) value s-video - svhs video cables (good) s/pdif digital coaxial audio cables performance s/pdif digital coaxial audio cables ultra s/pdif digital coaxial audio cables (best value s/pdif digital coaxial audio cables (good speaker wire 100 foot spools 1000 foot spools 50 foot spools 500 foot spools high qualilty in-wall speaker wire outdoor-direct burial speaker wire performance speaker wire (better) ultra speaker wire (best) value speaker wire (good) sub-mini 3.5mm stereo phono cables 3.5mm stereo to rca x2 cables everything else 3.5mm performance 3.5mm stereo cables (better) super high quality 3.5 mm extended tip male to ultra 3.5mm stereo cables (best) value 3.5mm stereo cables (good) subwoofer cables toslink optical audio cables performance toslink optical audio cables (bette toslink optical audio to mini-toslink audio cab value toslink optical audio cables (good) computer cables usb cables long length usb extension cables usb 3.0 cables usb 3.1 type-c usb a to a (male to female) cables usb a to a (male to male) cables usb a to b cables usb a to usb mini and micro cables cd audio cables firewire (ieee 1394) cables firewire 400mbps firewire-b 800mbps flat ribbon cables kvm cables ps/2 kvm cables with male to female hd15 ps/2 kvm cables with male to male hd15 specialty kvm cables usb kvm cables with male to female hd15 usb kvm cables with male to male hd15 null modem cables db25 female to female null modem cables db25 male to female null modem cables db25 male to male null modem cables db9 female - female null modem cables db9 female to db25 female null modem cables db9 female to db25 male null modem cables db9 male to female null modem cables db9 male to male null modem cables pcmcia ps/2 mouse and keyboard cables ps/2 male to female cables ps/2 male to male cables serial ata cables serial cables db25 female to female rs-232 serial cables db25 male to female rs-232 serial cables db25 male to male rs-232 serial cables db9 female to db25 male rs-232 serial cables db9 female to female rs-232 serial cables db9 male to female rs-232 serial cables db9 male to male rs-232 serial cables sma cables usb printer cables super closeouts-must go!!! gaming cables wii cables and accessories hot deals other items cctv cable and accessories cell phone/tablet & mp3 cable... audio/video (standard) hdmi (mini & micro) closeout items audio video closeout items miscellaneous closeout items networking closeout items scsi closeout items converters and extenders audio converters and extenders audio video over cat6 extenders ir extenders networking converters video converters for satellite installers accessories directv approved dish approved great gift ideas home theater accessories cable management cable clamps d-ring cable management mounting clips nylon cable ties speedwrap ties in-wall wiring solutions datacomm in-wall wiring solutions powerbridge in-wall wiring solutions rapidrun cabling solution wall and ceiling mounts ceiling mounts projector mounts tv mounts extra large (61+ inches) tv mounts large (40 to 60 inch) tv mounts medium (23 to 39 inch) tv mounts small (10 to 22 inch) wall plates and inserts decorative wall plate surrounds drywall mounting hardware make your own wall plates pre-made wall plates multipliers and switchers audio video multipliers audio video switchers computer sharing products kvm kits svga multipliers switchboxes - manual swtichboxes - automatic rack mount accessories cat6 patch panels wall mount brackets small items adapters and couplers adapters - audio and video adapters - keyboard and mouse adapters - networking to d-sub adapters - power supply adapters - serial and null modem adapters - usb and firewire adapters - vga, hdmi and dvi couplers - fiber optic networking couplers - networking and phone gender changers - serial and vga connectors and cable ends bnc connectors cat5 and cat6 boots f-type connectors rca connectors rj11, rj12 and rj45 connectors speaker wire connectors sub-mini audio connectors y-cables and splitters audio video y-splitters f-type coaxial cable splitters tools and testers cable fishing / routing tools cable testers coaxial cable tools computer hardware tools misc tools networking tools homelearn moretestimonials testimonials testimonials at cablesforless.com we try to treat people as we would like to be treated. giving them only the best in customer service and satisfaction. if you'd like to let us know how your experience was when dealing with cablesforless.com, e-mail us at sales (at) cablesforless.com. roy thank you to you and your company again!!!! i found exactly what i needed. i will definitely recommend you, and use you for all of my cable and connector needs. roy ron, california i just wanted to say thank you for building your website in a consumer friendly fashion. i did searches all over the internet for a 30 lf hdmi cable and found that prices were so outrageous. **** *** is really "worst" buy in the cable department. what a scam!! not only were they outrageous, the product descriptions were horrible. your website is terrific and your prices are outstanding in comparison to others...you have a terrific service. keep up the great service!! thanks again. sincerely, ron don i recently purchased 3 hdmi commercial grade cables from you. the quality of the cable is exceptional and i must say the price is even better. comparing your cable with monster, you win. i'm using the cables on my sony xbr 40" hdtv and my son's playstation 3. the picture and sound quality are fantastic. i plan on purchasing additional cables in the near future as i up grade the rest of my old tv's to hi def. i will also recommend your commercial grade cables to anybody i know with a hdtv or planning to purchase one. don phil, florida i am writing to express my gratitude for the outstanding service you provided to my company yesterday. as we were completing the work on the video surveillance system for the university of central florida's new football stadium (brighthouse stadium) our field technicians realized we did not have some specially terminated fiber optic patch cables that were critical to the system. with only forty-eight hours left before kickoff of the stadium's inaugural game hosting the university of texas, we were scrambling to find the correct patch cables. after calling all of our local sources and several online vendors we found cables for less through a google search. you willingness to go the extra mile for us is greatly appreciated. we received the correct patch cables this morning and, thanks to your help, 45,000 football fans will be a little bit safer. nick, kentucky i just want to thank you for your great customer service. when my color of cable was back ordered the sales agent took the time to call the warehouse in order to find one that was in stock and switched my order to that so the order was at my door the next day. most places wouldn't take the time to do that but they did, and for that i think i found where i will be buying my cable in the future. thanks again, nick audrey what an awesome website! i was looking for the usb cable for my digital camcorder (not even the product website itself had the correct information!) and i googled my query and found you guys. your friendly website made it very easy to find the right cable and i will be ordering it today. i especially liked the company pic. many times, the customer feels like they're talking to someone on the other side of the world who couldn't give a crap about their problem or question. it's nice to know there's real people out there. thanks for making such a user-friendly website. howard, massachusetts i ordered a 29 foot hdmi cable an after seeing your price compared to my local stores i began to worry that i was getting an inferior cable from you. not so i was surprised to see the cable and the quality it works just great and i am sharing your site with my friends. watch for my second order to arrive at your business shortly. brian, missouri to whom it may concern, i just wanted to write to say thank you for your website and for the great things your business is doing. i have been a customer for a few years and i am routinely impressed with your service, the ease with which i can find things on your website, and how quickly and professionally things run. i'm sure you are very busy and most likely won't get a chance to see this e-mail, but i thought i would give it a shot because someone needs to tell you guys you are doing great! with hd really hitting full force here in the last few years, lots of stores and companies are trying to prey on customers by selling component cables or hdmi cables at ridiculous inflation without offering cheaper alternatives. i have always been able to find exactly what i was looking for with you guys at a reasonable price. ordering is simple and i always receive my shipment earlier than i expected. so that's all. i just wanted to thank you personally for being one or the few online businesses that cares about providing quality products to the customer quickly and for a great price. i have been scammed too many times online, and dealing with a company like cablesforless.com is always a refreshing experience that i enjoy. i recommend you guys to everyone i know that mentions going to best buy or radio shack. keep doing what your doing, you are a great company. thanks for all of the hard work, brian palmir i'm sending this email just to say how awesome your company is. your price are the best and the customer service is outstanding. i bought an hdmi cable that turned out to be defective. unlike any other company i have dealt with, the person i spoke to was very willing to help me replace the defective cable. i forgot the name of the person i spoke to (i think it was amy or tammy), she claimed to be the owners wife. regardless, she deserves to be praised. i will make sure to refer everyone i know to your company. have a great day and go colts... palmir customer for life daniel, arizona thanks for the quick and thorough response. you are an unusually helpful company. keep up the good work. lisa, illinois i just wanted to thank your company for all of the wonderful service they showed me. i had a cable that i needed to return because it broke on me. i called and i believe tom (?) helped me out. i received the new cable the next day. thank you again. lis david, oklahoma your company is the best in every way that i have done business with in the last 20 years. thank you. david jenifer, illinois wow! you guys are awesome! i just ordered these cables yesterday and we have the cables already! my salesperson was joyce and was a pleasure to work with. we will definitely keep you in mind the next time we are looking for cables. thanks for the great service. best regards, jenifer arthur, illinois just wanted to let you know what a great job your people are doing. i called on wednesday early afternoon with a question, got a quick answer, ordered the parts and it all arrived this friday morning. don't know how they did that but i guess ups gets some credit. hope this offsets some of the problems people are quick to write. art sandi dear cfl sales: your company has the best customer service of any company i have ever dealt with in many years!!! thanks for your response today. thanks so much! sandi bob just a quick note to say thanks for the great service. also want to say congratulations of a well deserved super bowl victory. mark hello this is in regards to the order i recently placed with your company. it just came in the mail and i wanted to let you know how much i appreciated the quick response to my order. i have never heard of your company before. i needed some cables and did a search on the net and up popped your company among others. i saw your claim of reasonable shipping rates on small orders along with good pricing on the products. you came through in both regards. i placed the order on thursday last week and it was here in the mail on mandy, using just regular usps mail service. the cables were just what i was looking for and the ones i have tried have worked fine. i was pleasantly surprised at the substantial shipping box. i was expecting a soft pack mailer. i couldn't rate the experience much better than that. i will be looking to you first in the future for my cable/connector needs. keep up the good job and rest assured that i will pass the word on to my friends who also have cable and connector needs. keep up the good job. mark gary, ohio i have made an online purchase from you organization on two different occasions. both times the product and service were outstanding. i tell people of your great service whenever opportunity arises. thinks for being an establishment that i can count on. i am most appreciative of your great service. gary glenn your stuff is great! mark, north caroline fyi, i think you guys are awesome!! i am not only going to use you guys for all my cable needs, but i will also recommend you to anyone looking for cables. thanks again, mark sam gentlemen, i wanted to take a second to say thank you! for the outstanding layout of your website, shopping cart and checkout process. thank you again for the great website design and shopping cart process… as well as the great savings on the items i purchased. the total for these items at the local radio shack was in excess of $50. regards, sam phillip, maryland thanks for handling this order. i received the cable last thursday and it is exactly what i need. great work! bill to all: i wanted to thank you for fulfilling my order #50307 to my full satisfaction. from navigating the web site and ordering, to the cables being delivered. it was easy and convenient. your pricing was very competitive and i will recommend your company to my friends and family. thanks again, bill alan thanks for the advice. i bought a 15' cable from you and it works great (and it was really delivered quickly). wish i had been smarter to begin with. alan david i placed an order with cables for less yesterday for the first time. i was very impressed with the ability to respond with an auto response e-mail message containing the details of my order, and the tracking ability on your website. thanks in advance. andy i really appreciate the personalized service from you; it's pretty rare! i'll be in touch. best, andy matthew i wanted to thank your staff for there speed. i have never seen a website ship that fast. :) thank you, matthew rudresh i would like to extend my hearty thanks to you for the 15hd vga cable. the reception on my sun monitor due to the cable is awesome. thanks once again. rudresh doug thanks for your help on putting together the necessary cables for the particular equipment i'm getting. that certainly goes "above and beyond" any customer support i was expecting! russ, illinois i was in a huge bind this morning, needing nine custom fiber channel coupling cables made immediately and shipped overnight to a large customer. i spoke with robert this morning and explained my situation and he was able to help! his customer services, knowledge and willingness to help was top notch! i know that you own and operate a fairly small company in terms of employees, but people like robert are one of the reasons why you are in business and why your business will grow! i will be sure to come to your company with all of my cabling needs and will pass your name onto my associates. thank you so much for your help and providing people to work with like robert! sincerely, russ jim i recently purchased some cabling from you folks. thank you, it was exactly what you suggested, i had to go into the dvd player's menu and select component now all is fine. thank you so much for your help. jim brenda, florida i just wanted to say how happy i was dealing with your company. my order arrived quickly and the cable worked perfectly (the rep helped me spec out what i needed, as i had no clue!) it was a great experience, great phone service and a great price. i will definitely call again with any future needs! thank you! best regards, brenda sign up for our newsletter name email quick links about us backorders company info faq fiber optics explained hours and hoidays learn more copyrightpayment optionsreturnstestimonials network cabling basics non-returnable products privacy policy shipping info terms and conditions which hdmi cable do i buy? shipping & returns contact us rss syndication categories custom cables custom audio cable assemblies custom cable calculators audio cable calculators cat5e and cat6 cable calculators d-sub cable calculators fiber cable calculators miscellaneous cable calculators rca and bnc cable calculators video cable calculators custom video cable assemblies misc custom cable assemblies fiber optic 62.5/125 multimode fiber fc to mtrj 62.5/125 patch cables lc to fc 62.5/125 patch cables lc to lc 62.5/125 patch cables lc to mtrj 62.5/125 patch cables lc to sc 62.5/125 patch cables lc to st 62.5/125 patch cables mtrj to mtrj 62.5/125 patch cables sc to fc 62.5/125 patch cables sc to mtrj 62.5/125 patch cables sc to sc 62.5/125 patch cables sc to st 62.5/125 patch cables st to fc 62.5/125 patch cables st to mtrj 62.5/125 patch cables st to st 62.5/125 patch cables 50/125 multimode fiber lc to lc 50/125 patch cables lc to sc 50/125 patch cables lc to st 50/125 patch cables sc to sc 50/125 patch cables 10 gigabit, 50/125 multimode fiber lc to lc 10 gigabit, 50/125 jumpers lc to sc 10 gigabit, 50/125 jumpers sc to sc 10 gigabit, 50/125 jumpers singlemode fiber singlemode apc fiber lc-apc/lc-apc jumpers lc-upc/lc-apc jumpers lc-upc/sc-apc jumpers sc-apc/sc-apc jumpers sc-upc/sc-apc jumpers lc to fc singlemode jumpers lc to lc singlemode jumpers lc to mtrj singlemode jumpers lc to sc singlemode jumpers lc to st singlemode jumpers fc to fc singlemode jumpers fc to mtrj singlemode jumpers mtrj to mtrj singlemode jumpers sc to fc singlemode jumpers sc to mtrj singlemode jumpers sc to sc singlemode jumpers sc to st singlemode jumpers st to fc singlemode jumpers st to mtrj singlemode jumpers st to st singlemode jumpers om4 50/125 multimode fiber lc to lc om4, 50/125 jumpers lc to sc om4, 50/125 jumpers sc to sc om4, 50/125 jumpers mtp/mpo fiber products mtp/mpo fiber optic cassettes om3 cassettes om4 cassettes mtp/mpo fiber optic fan-outs lc fan-outs sc fan-outs mtp/mpo fiber optic trunks mtp female to female trunks mtp male to male trunks mode conditioning fiber mode conditioning lc fiber mode conditioning sc fiber mode conditioning st fiber rack mount fiber patch panels modular patch panel system modular patch panel adapters modular patch panel plates multimode loaded patch panels singlemode loaded patch panels fiber optic termination boxes pigtails and fan out kits fiber optic fan out kits fiber optic pigtails 12 fiber pigtails 6 fiber pigtails clearance - overrun fiber fiber optic cleaning products fiber optic cleaning fluids fiber optic cleaning kits fiber optic cleaning sticks fiber optic cleaning wipes tool kits, connectors, and couplers fiber optic attenuators fiber optic couplers fiber optic loopback modules fiber optic male to female adapters tool kits and connectors misc/custom fiber cables hdmi cables value hdmi cables (good) performance hdmi cables (better) ultra hdmi cables (best) custom built hdmi cables extended length in-wall cables in-wall cl2 rated hdmi cables in-wall cl3 rated hdmi cables long redmere hdmi cables plenum rated hdmi cables hdmi mini cables (c) hdmi micro cables (d) hdmi to dvi-d cables usb to mhl hdmi adapters networking bulk networking cable bulk cat5e 350mhz - solid bulk cat5e 350mhz - stranded bulk cat5e stp - shielded cable cat5e solid shielded cable cat5e stranded shielded cable bulk cat6 550mhz - solid bulk cat6 550mhz - stranded bulk cat6 stp - shielded cable cat6 solid shielded cable cat6 stranded shielded cable bulk plenum-rated networking cable cat5e plenum cable cat6 plenum cable cat6 plenum shielded cable specialty networking cable cat5e cables - non-booted cat5e cables - snagless (booted) black cat5e cables blue cat5e cables gray cat5e cables green cat5e cables orange cat5e cables purple cat5e cables red cat5e cables white cat5e cables yellow cat5e cables cat5e crossover cables cat6 cables - non-booted black cat6 cables - non-booted blue cat6 cables - non-booted cat6 cables - shielded black cat6 shielded blue cat6 shielded gray cat6 shielded green cat6 shielded red cat6 shielded white cat6 shielded yellow cat6 shielded cat6 cables - snagless (booted) black cat6 cables blue cat6 cables gray cat6 cables green cat6 cables orange cat6 cables purple cat6 cables red cat6 cables white cat6 cables yellow cat6 cables cat6a cables - shielded cat7 cables - shielded-booted outdoor-direct burial patch cables other cables monitor video cables svga cables male to female svga cables male to male svga cables svga cables with 3.5mm audio standard qualilty vga cables male to female standard quality vga cables male to male standard quality vga cable specialty svga cables cl2 rated svga cables ez install svga cables high quality plenum rated svga cables slim svga cables dvi to svga cables dvi-d cables dual link dvi-d cables single link dvi-d cables dvi-i cables displayport cables and accessories displayport adapters displayport to displayport cables displayport to dvi-d cables displayport to hdmi cables mini displayport adapters mini displayport cables m1 cables and accessories power cables cell phone charger cables ground straps, clamps and adapters high quality surge protectors miscellaneous power cables notebook power cables power extension cables and liberators power supply cables - male to female standard computer power cables audio video cables bnc cables bnc to rca cables cctv cables rg59 bnc cables rg6 bnc cables bulk audio video cable microphone bulk cable professional grade and structured wiring bulk c rg59 bulk coaxial cable rg6 bulk coaxial cable component video cables performance component video cables (better) performance component video cables with rca aud performance component video cables with toslink ultra rgb individual component video cables (be ultra rgb jacketed component video cables (best ultra rgbhv individual component video cables ( ultra rgbhv jacketed component video cables (be value component video cables (good) f-type coaxial cables rg59 f-type coaxial cables rg6 f-type coaxial cables rg6 weather-proof satellite cable hdtv and projector cables bnc x3 to bnc x3 cables bnc x3 to rca x3 cables bnc x5 to bnc x5 cables bnc x5 to rca x5 cables hd15 to bnc x3 cables hd15 to bnc x5 cables hd15 to rca x3 cables hd15 to rca x5 cables rca composite cables 1 channel rca video cables 2 channel rca stereo audio cables 3 channel rca audio video cables specialty rca cables s-video - svhs cables performance s video - svhs video cables (better s-video - svhs video cables with rca audio s-video - svhs video cables with toslink optica ultra s-video - svhs cables (best) value s-video - svhs video cables (good) s/pdif digital coaxial audio cables performance s/pdif digital coaxial audio cables ultra s/pdif digital coaxial audio cables (best value s/pdif digital coaxial audio cables (good speaker wire 100 foot spools 1000 foot spools 50 foot spools 500 foot spools high qualilty in-wall speaker wire outdoor-direct burial speaker wire performance speaker wire (better) ultra speaker wire (best) value speaker wire (good) sub-mini 3.5mm stereo phono cables 3.5mm stereo to rca x2 cables everything else 3.5mm performance 3.5mm stereo cables (better) super high quality 3.5 mm extended tip male to ultra 3.5mm stereo cables (best) value 3.5mm stereo cables (good) subwoofer cables toslink optical audio cables performance toslink optical audio cables (bette toslink optical audio to mini-toslink audio cab value toslink optical audio cables (good) computer cables usb cables long length usb extension cables usb 3.0 cables usb 3.1 type-c usb a to a (male to female) cables usb a to a (male to male) cables usb a to b cables usb a to usb mini and micro cables cd audio cables firewire (ieee 1394) cables firewire 400mbps firewire-b 800mbps flat ribbon cables kvm cables ps/2 kvm cables with male to female hd15 ps/2 kvm cables with male to male hd15 specialty kvm cables usb kvm cables with male to female hd15 usb kvm cables with male to male hd15 null modem cables db25 female to female null modem cables db25 male to female null modem cables db25 male to male null modem cables db9 female - female null modem cables db9 female to db25 female null modem cables db9 female to db25 male null modem cables db9 male to female null modem cables db9 male to male null modem cables pcmcia ps/2 mouse and keyboard cables ps/2 male to female cables ps/2 male to male cables serial ata cables serial cables db25 female to female rs-232 serial cables db25 male to female rs-232 serial cables db25 male to male rs-232 serial cables db9 female to db25 male rs-232 serial cables db9 female to female rs-232 serial cables db9 male to female rs-232 serial cables db9 male to male rs-232 serial cables sma cables usb printer cables super closeouts-must go!!! gaming cables wii cables and accessories hot deals other items cctv cable and accessories cell phone/tablet & mp3 cable... audio/video (standard) hdmi (mini & micro) closeout items audio video closeout items miscellaneous closeout items networking closeout items scsi closeout items converters and extenders audio converters and extenders audio video over cat6 extenders ir extenders networking converters video converters for satellite installers accessories directv approved dish approved great gift ideas home theater accessories cable management cable clamps d-ring cable management mounting clips nylon cable ties speedwrap ties in-wall wiring solutions datacomm in-wall wiring solutions powerbridge in-wall wiring solutions rapidrun cabling solution wall and ceiling mounts ceiling mounts projector mounts tv mounts extra large (61+ inches) tv mounts large (40 to 60 inch) tv mounts medium (23 to 39 inch) tv mounts small (10 to 22 inch) wall plates and inserts decorative wall plate surrounds drywall mounting hardware make your own wall plates pre-made wall plates multipliers and switchers audio video multipliers audio video switchers computer sharing products kvm kits svga multipliers switchboxes - manual swtichboxes - automatic rack mount accessories cat6 patch panels wall mount brackets small items adapters and couplers adapters - audio and video adapters - keyboard and mouse adapters - networking to d-sub adapters - power supply adapters - serial and null modem adapters - usb and firewire adapters - vga, hdmi and dvi couplers - fiber optic networking couplers - networking and phone gender changers - serial and vga connectors and cable ends bnc connectors cat5 and cat6 boots f-type connectors rca connectors rj11, rj12 and rj45 connectors speaker wire connectors sub-mini audio connectors y-cables and splitters audio video y-splitters f-type coaxial cable splitters tools and testers cable fishing / routing tools cable testers coaxial cable tools computer hardware tools misc tools networking tools all prices are in usd. © 2017 cables for less. sitemap