来源URL: https://web.archive.org/web/20111231040546/http://www.aldoshoes.com/us/privacy
================================================================================

shop aldo shoes, boots, sandals, & accessories for women & men. home customer service track my order gift card store locator close fermer x continue shopping checkout checkout search trends call of the wild faux bourgeois moody nature women new arrivals top rated boots: 50% off shoes: 50% off sandals: 50% off boots shoes sandals special sizes sale clearance men new arrivals styles: 50% off top rated mr. b's shoes boots sandals special sizes sale clearance handbags new arrivals holiday handbags shoulder bags & totes handheld bags cross-body bags clutches leather bags satchels & messengers wallets sale clearance accessories new arrivals fragrance women's men's shoe care sale sale women men handbags accessories clearance clearance women's boots women's shoes women's sandals men's shoes men's sandals men's boots handbags fantastic finds: last pairs privacy policy our commitment to privacy the aldo u.s., inc. (“aldo”) values its customers and respects their privacy. this privacy policy (this “policy”) describes the personal information we may collect from you,  the purposes for which we collect it, how we use it and when we may share it with third parties. this policy also describes the choices you can make about how we collect, use and disclose your information. aldo will not collect, use or disclose your personal information other than in compliance with this policy. by using the www.aldoshoes.com website and/or making online purchases of products, you agree to the terms and conditions of aldo’s policy. if our policy changes in the future, we will notify our customers and website users of any such changes by posting an updated policy on our website. following the posting of such changes, your continued use of the www.aldoshoes.com website will constitute your acceptance of these changes and you will be bound by such changes.  if you do not continue to use the www.aldoshoes.com website following a change to our policy but take no other action with respect to your personal information, our use of that information will remain subject to our policy as it was in effect prior to the change. you are responsible for regularly reviewing this policy and any changes thereto. our privacy policy what kind of information does aldo collect? for what purposes does aldo collect my information? does aldo share my information with third parties? how can i exercise my choices about receiving promotional communications? what are cookies and how does aldo use cookies on its site? how can i access or change my personal information, withdraw my consent, or make inquiries or complaints in relation to this policy and aldo’s privacy practices? how long is personal information retained? how is personal information secured? what kind of information does aldo collect? we may collect personal information from you when you save or otherwise provide your personal information to us, such as by setting up a user account and password, logging in as a registered user of www.aldoshoes.com, searching for a product, making an order for a product, providing information in your account (and you might have more than one, if you've used more than one e-mail address when shopping with us), communicating with us by phone, e-mail, or otherwise or if you complete an entry form to  participate in a contest, promotion or survey, whether online or at one of our retail stores. as a result of these actions, you might supply us with personal information, such as your name, e-mail and postal addresses, phone number(s), credit card information, names of people to whom purchases have been shipped, including address and telephone numbers,  product interest information and financial information and in certain circumstances, your opinions and individual preferences. we may also maintain a record of your product interests and acquire information about you from our present and future affiliates or divisions, such as feetfirst, globo, transit, spring and stoneridge (collectively, “aldo affiliates”). aldo’s website is directed for use by adults. aldo does not knowingly collect any personal information from children under the age of 13. those under age 13 should not use aldo’s website or provide aldo with any personal information. for what purposes does aldo collect my information? aldo may use your personal information to (i) process your order and to answer questions about the status of your order; (ii) send you or your friends, relatives or associates, products that you have ordered; (iii) maintain contact with you and provide you with ongoing personalized service; (iv) communicate with you (via e-mail, post or otherwise) and provide you with promotional materials and additional information regarding our products, services, surveys, contests, promotions and special offers; (v) help us learn more about your shopping preferences; and (vi) conduct marketing and performance research, to assist us in measuring our customer service, benchmarking our performance and to help us improve our shopping experiences and product offerings. as provided below, you may always choose not to receive promotional materials or marketing information. does aldo share my information with third parties? if you visit or purchase products on the www.aldoshoes.com website, participate in a contest, survey, promotion or special offer, or shop at aldo or any aldo affiliate, we may share your personal information with that aldo affiliate, so that it can communicate with you (whether by e-mail, post or otherwise) and provide you with promotional materials and additional information about its products, services, contests, promotions and special offers that may be of interest to you, or collect and use that information subject to and for other purposes contemplated by this policy. we do not sell or rent your personal information to non-affiliated third parties except as permitted by law. however, in the event of a sale of all or substantially all of our business or another similar transaction, we may transfer or disclose your personal information to a purchaser or prospective purchaser, who may collect, use and disclose such information for the purposes of evaluating the proposed transaction or operating and managing the affairs of the acquired business, or for other purposes identified in this policy. we may transfer personal information to non-affiliated third parties for processing pursuant to agreements that prohibit the third parties from using or disclosing the personal information other than for the purpose of processing and which impose security safeguards appropriate to the sensitivity of the information. we reserve the right to disclose your personal information as required by law, in response to legal process and law enforcement requests, and as necessary to protect the property, interests and rights of aldo and the aldo affiliates. aldo’s website may contain links to websites operated by third parties.  these websites may collect your personal information.  this policy does not apply to the practices of third parties and aldo doe not assume any responsibility for, and by using this website and/or accessing a third party’s website from this website you release aldo of any responsibility for, the actions, practices and omissions of third parties. please check the privacy policy at each site you visit. how can i exercise my choices about receiving promotional communications? we want to communicate with you only if you want to hear from us. if you prefer not to receive promotional information from us or other aldo affiliates, or if you do not want us to use your information to enhance your shopping experience, please let us know by calling us at 1-800-246-9405 or writing us at aldo customer services, 2300 émile-bélanger, montreal, quebec, canada, h4r 3j4. please be sure to include your full name and the e-mail address you used when you registered with or made a purchase from us. it may take up to 2 weeks to process your postal mail request, during which period you may continue to receive communications from aldo or other aldo affiliates. you may also unsubscribe from aldo email services by using the unsubscribe link situated at the bottom of any promotional message you receive from aldo. what are cookies and how does aldo use cookies on its site? we may use “cookies” to track your preferences and activities on the www.aldoshoes.com website or an aldo affiliate’s website.  cookies are small data files transferred to your computer’s hard-drive by a website. they keep a record of your preferences making your subsequent visits to the site more efficient. cookies may store a variety of information, including, the number of times that you access a site, registration information and the number of times that you view a particular page or other item on the site. the use of cookies is a common practice adopted by most major sites to better serve their clients. most browsers are designed to accept cookies, but they can be easily modified to block cookies; see your browser's help files for details on how to block cookies, how to know when you have received cookies and how to disable cookies completely. you should note, however, that without cookies, some of the website's functions will not be available, and the user will lose some of the benefits of the site. how can i access or change my personal information, withdraw my consent, or make inquiries or complaints in relation to this policy and aldo’s privacy practices? aldo will ensure that the personal information it collects is as accurate, complete, and up-to-date as is necessary for the purposes for which it is to be used. you are entitled to request access to and correction of your personal information collected by us. in order to make such a request, or if you have any questions or to make any complaint in relation to this policy and aldo’s privacy practices, please contact our privacy officer by writing to: privacy officer aldo u.s., inc. c/o the aldo group inc. 2300 émile-bélanger montréal, quebec h4r 3j4 canada if you have consented to the collection, use and/or disclosure of personal information as identified herein, please note that you can also withdraw your consent at any time by communicating with our privacy officer as provided above. how long is personal information retained? we will keep your personal information only as long as is reasonably necessary for the purposes described in this policy or such longer period as may be required by applicable law. how is personal information secured? we have adopted appropriate measures to ensure the confidentiality of personal information and to safeguard personal information against loss or theft, as well as unauthorized access, disclosure, copying, use or modification, in light of, among other things, the sensitivity of the information and the purposes for which it is to be used. furthermore, each and every aldo employee, mandatory or agent must abide by this policy. last update: august 19, 2005 sign up and get 10% off: order by phone: 1-888-818-2536 find a store about aldo shipping & delivery return policy careers contact us privacy policy legal notice sitemap shop our brands:aldocall it spring © 2005-2011. aldo group inc. all rights reserved.