来源URL: https://web.archive.org/web/20140320085321/http://www.aldoshoes.com/us/legal
================================================================================

shop aldo shoes, boots, sandals, & accessories for women & men. store locator customer service track my order close fermer x continue shopping checkout en fr search women new arrivals perforated shooties cut-outs boots shoes sandals special sizes sale clearance men new arrivals mr. b's collection shoes boots sandals special sizes sale clearance handbags new arrivals neutrals shoulder bags & totes satchels & handheld bags clutches & evening bags crossbody & messenger bags backpacks leather bags tech accessories wallets sale clearance accessories new arrivals aldo fights aids women's men's shoe care sale sale women's boots: $39.99 & under women's shoes: $29.98 & under women men handbags accessories clearance clearance women: styles at $19.98 & under women's shoes women's sandals women's boots men's shoes men's sandals men's boots handbags legal notice website terms 1.  use of this website this website is owned by aldo u.s., inc. (hereinafter "aldo"), and is operated for your personal non-commercial use and information. your use of this website is subject to the following terms and all applicable laws. by accessing and browsing this website, you accept, without limitation or qualification, these terms. if you do not agree with any of the terms, please do not use this website. you are responsible to ensure that your access to this website and material available on or through it are legal in each jurisdiction in or through which you access or view the site or such material. 2.  privacy our privacy practices are explained in our privacy policy, which also governs your visit to this website. your continued use of this website implies that you acknowledge that you have read our privacy policy and agree to be bound by and accept its terms and conditions. you consent to the use of your personal information by aldo in accordance with the terms of and for the purposes set forth in our privacy policy, as same may be amended from time to time. 3.  other policies and agreements when you purchase products from aldo using the [www.aldoshoes.com] website, your purchase is subject to separate terms and conditions of sale applicable to the website. certain additional terms and conditions may apply to purchases of products and other uses of portions of the [www.aldoshoes.com] website. 4.  your account if you use this site, you are responsible for maintaining the confidentiality of your account and password and for restricting access to your computer, and you agree to accept responsibility for all activities that occur under your account or password.  this website is directed for use by adults.  those under the age of 13 should not use this website.  in addition, if you are aged 13 or older but under the age of majority in the jurisdiction in which you reside, your parent of guardian should use this website on your behalf and you should not use the website on your own or provide any personal information to aldo. aldo does not knowingly collect information from children under the age of 13.  aldo and its affiliates reserve the right to refuse service, terminate accounts or cancel orders in their sole discretion. 5.  product information the products available for sale and/or distribution by aldo are available only in the contiguous united states (i.e. the u.s.a.. less alaska and hawaii) and this website is directed only at customers and prospective customers in those states.  aldo and its affiliates attempt to be as accurate as possible in describing all products available for sale and/or distribution by aldo. however, aldo does not warrant that product descriptions or other content of this site are accurate, complete, reliable, current or error-free. price and availability information provided on this website is subject to change without notice.  all prices quoted are in u.s. dollars. this website and its contents are not to be construed as an offer to sell any product or service. 6.  exclusion of warranties aldo makes no representation or warranty regarding the functionality, the good working order or condition of this website, its suitability for use, or that its use will be uninterrupted or error-free.  aldo does not represent, warrant or undertake that any errors on or relating  to this website will be corrected, or that any server from which the website is operated is or will be free from viruses or other harmful components.  all material or information on this website is provided to you "as is", "with all faults" and without warranties of any kind, whether express or implied. aldo and its licensors disclaim all warranties or conditions, written or oral, statutory, express or implied, including without limitation, warranties or conditions of merchantability, quality, durability, suitability or fitness for a particular purpose.  these exclusions are in addition to any specific exclusion otherwise provided in these terms and conditions. because certain federal, state or provincial laws do not permit the exclusion of certain warranties, these exclusions may not apply to you. 7.  limitation of liability aldo will not be liable for any damages, either direct or indirect, incidental, special or consequential, for use of or inability to use material, products or services of any kind, delay of or partial delivery, termination of rights or loss of profits, data, business or goodwill, whether on a contractual, tort or extracontractual basis, or to provide indemnification or any other remedy to you or any third party. your sole and exclusive remedy is to discontinue using and accessing this website. because certain federal, state or provincial laws do not allow the exclusion or limitation of certain damages, these exclusions may not apply to you. 8.  copyrights and trademarks material on this website, including but not limited to texts, images, illustrations, software, audio clips and video clips, is owned or otherwise provided by aldo, and aldo does not represent or warrant that such material does not infringe the rights of any other person or entity. the material on this website is protected in canada and in other jurisdictions by the copyright act and by virtue of the applicable international treaties. consequently, the material on this website may not be copied, reproduced, republished, downloaded, posted, transmitted, distributed or modified, in whole or in part in any form whatsoever, including but not limited to text, audio or video, without the prior written consent of aldo. trademarks, logos and service marks (collectively, "marks") displayed on this website are registered or unregistered marks of aldo or others, are the property of their respective owners, and may not be used without written permission of the owner of such marks. nothing in this website is to be interpreted as conferring a right to use the marks or the material protected by the copyright act. notwithstanding the foregoing, aldo authorizes you to make one electronic or paper copy of the information posted on any page of this site provided that the copy is used solely for non-commercial, personal purposes and, in each and every case, provided that any such copy remains protected by all copyright, trademarks, service marks and other proprietary notices and legends contained on such website. this license does not include any resale of this site or its contents; any collection of product listings, descriptions or prices; any other derivative use of this site or its contents; any downloading or copying of information for the benefit of any merchant; or any use of data mining, robots, or similar data gathering and extraction tools. you may not frame or utilize framing techniques to enclose any trademark, logo or other proprietary information (including images, text, page layout, or form) of aldo and its affiliates without express written consent of aldo. you may not use any meta tags or any other "hidden text" utilizing aldo’s name or trademarks without the express written consent of aldo. any unauthorized use of this site and/or its contents terminates the permission or license granted by aldo. 9.  confidentiality of the information transmitted you acknowledge that information or material which you provide electronically through your access to or usage of this website is not confidential or proprietary, except as may be required under applicable law or pursuant to aldo's privacy policy, and acknowledge that unprotected e-mail communication over the internet is subject to possible interception, alteration or loss. you represent and warrant that the information or material which you provide electronically to aldo by accessing or using this website does not infringe the rights of any other person or entity. you consent to aldo using that information or material, in whole or in part by any means whatsoever, including reproducing, retransmitting or publishing this information or material or ideas, concepts or other information contained therein for the commercial purposes of aldo or the disclosure of your identity, in accordance with the aldo privacy policy (see section 2 above). 10.  electronic communications when you visit this website or send e-mails to us, you are communicating with us electronically. you consent to receive communications from us electronically. we will communicate with you by e-mail or by posting notices on this website. you agree that all agreements, notices, disclosures and other communications that we provide to you electronically satisfy any legal requirement that such communications be in writing. 11.  surveillance aldo may monitor the access to its website and other activities in relation to its website and may intervene in this regard. however, aldo makes no representation and gives no warranty to that effect. you consent to such surveillance and intervention, if aldo ever decides to do it. 12.  links links and references to other websites are provided to you as a convenience only.  aldo has not reviewed and does not expressly or implicitly endorse other websites or any information or material, or the accessibility thereof, via such links, and does not assume any responsibility for any such other websites, information or material posted thereon, or products or services offered thereon. you may not create links from other websites to this website, except if expressly permitted by aldo. to obtain permission, contact our website administrator at comments@aldogroup.com 13.  viruses, etc aldo does not represent or warrant that the information or material, including the downloadable software, accessed from or through this website will be uninterrupted or free of errors, defects, viruses or other harmful components, or that any such problems which are discovered will be corrected. 14.  damage to others you agree not to introduce into or through this website any information or materials which may be harmful to others. among other things, you agree not to include, knowingly or otherwise, any error or defect in material or information which may, among other things, be a libel, slander, defamation or obscenity, or promote hatred or otherwise give rise to a criminal offence or civil liability on the part of any person or entity. 15.  reserve of rights all rights not expressly granted in these terms are reserved to aldo. nothing contained in these terms shall be construed as conferring by implication, estoppel or otherwise any license or right under any copyright, patent, trademark or other intellectual property right of aldo or any other person or entity. 16.  governing law this site is controlled and operated by aldo from montreal, quebec, canada and these terms, this website, any use of this website and any transaction conducted on or from it shall be governed by the laws of the province of quebec and the laws of canada applicable therein without reference to principles of conflict of laws.  the application of the united nations convention on contracts for the international sale of goods is expressly excluded. 17.  dispute resolution; injunctive relief it is important that you read this entire section carefully.  this section provides for resolution of disputes through final and binding arbitration before a neutral arbitrator instead of in a court by a judge or jury. binding arbitration any dispute, difference, controversy or claim between us or by either of us against the other or the employees, agents, mandataries, officers, directors, successors, assigns or affiliates of the other, arising out of, relating to, or having any connection with, the present terms, this website, any use of this website and any transaction conducted on or from it (whether contractual or extra-contractual, in contract or tort, pursuant to statute or regulation, or otherwise, and whether pre-existing, present or future), including any question regarding negotiation, formation, existence, validity, performance, effects, interpretation, breach, resolution or annulment and further including the applicability or scope of this arbitration clause (including the national arbitration forum's code of procedure discussed below) (hereinafter collectively referred to as "claims" and each, individually, as a "claim") shall be referred to and finally resolved by binding arbitration, to the exclusion of courts of law, before or under the rules of the national arbitration forum under the code of procedure then in effect and any specific procedures for the resolution of small claims and/or consumer disputes then in effect (which you may obtain at www.arbitration-forum.com or by mail at p.o. box 50191, minneapolis, mn 55405), which code of procedure, as in effect or replaced from time to time, is incorporated into and forms an integral part of these terms. however, before you submit a claim for arbitration, you must first contact our customer service representatives at 1-888-818-2536, and give us an opportunity to resolve the dispute. similarly, before aldo takes a dispute to arbitration, we must first attempt to resolve it by contacting you. if the dispute cannot be satisfactorily resolved within sixty (60) days from the date you or aldo is notified by the other of a dispute, then either party may then initiate the arbitration process as provided in the national arbitration forum's code of procedure. for greater certainty, no recourse may be made by either party to any court or tribunal, whether federal or provincial, in respect of any matter whatsoever relating to these terms including, without limitation, any claim, any arbitration initiated to resolve a claim, and any arbitration award made in relation to a claim, except as expressly permitted in these terms or by law. any award rendered pursuant to the arbitration shall be final and binding on each of the parties and no appeal shall lie from such award. such award may be rendered enforceable and executory by any court having jurisdiction over the person or the property of the person against whom enforcement of the award is sought. no claim may be joined with another lawsuit, or in an arbitration with a dispute of any other person, or resolved on a class-wide basis. the parties expressly agree that any claim that is arbitrated pursuant to these terms shall not be consolidated with any other arbitral proceeding for any reason. the arbitrator may not award damages that are barred by these terms and may not award exemplary or punitive damages or attorneys' fees. you and aldo both waive any claims for an award of damages that are excluded under these terms. injunctive relief and provisional relief notwithstanding the provisions in this section 17, the national arbitration forum's code of procedure or any other provision of these terms, aldo shall have the right to seek and obtain any injunctive, provisional or interim relief from any court of competent jurisdiction to protect its trade-mark or other intellectual property rights or confidential information or to preserve the status quo pending arbitration. 18.  changes to terms / severability aldo may modify, alter or otherwise update the terms applicable to this website from time to time. we will notify you of any such modifications to this website by posting notice of such changes on this website. following the posting of such changes, your continued use of this site will constitute your acceptance of these terms and other policies, as modified. you will be bound by such changes. if any one of these conditions shall be deemed invalid, void, or for any reason unenforceable, such condition shall be deemed severable and shall not affect the validity and enforceability of any remaining condition. 19.  jurisdiction this website is controlled and operated by aldo from montreal, quebec, canada. aldo makes no representation that materials on the website are appropriate or available for use in other locations. those who choose to access this website from other locations do so on their own initiative and are responsible for compliance with local laws, if and to the extent local laws are applicable. 20.  cookies we may use "cookies" to track your preferences and activities on the aldo website. cookies are small data files transferred to your computer’s hard-drive by a website. they keep a record of your preferences making your subsequent visits to the site more efficient. cookies may store a variety of information, including, the number of times that you access a site, your registration information and the number of times that you view a particular page or other item on the site. the use of cookies is a common practice adopted by most major sites to better serve their clients. most browsers are designed to accept cookies, but they can be easily modified to block cookies; see your browser’s help files for details on how to block cookies, how to know when you have received cookies and how to disable cookies completely. you should note, however, that without cookies, some of the website’s functions will not be available, and the user will lose some of the benefits of the site. 21.  no waiver the failure of aldo to enforce any provisions of these terms or to respond to a breach by you or any third party of these terms shall not in any way waive the right of aldo to subsequently enforce any of the terms and conditions contained herein or to act with respect to similar breaches. 22.  entire agreement these terms, together with all other agreements, terms or conditions incorporated or referred to herein constitute the entire agreement between you and aldo with respect to the use of this website and any transaction conducted on or from this website and its contents, and supersede any prior understandings or agreements (whether electronic, oral or written) regarding the subject matter hereof, and may not be amended or modified except in writing, or by aldo making such amendments or modifications available to it pursuant to the terms hereof. 23.  termination aldo reserves the right, at its sole discretion, to terminate your access to all or any part of this site, with or without notice. 24.  headings the headings used herein are inserted for convenience of reference only and do not affect the construction or interpretation of the terms and conditions herein. 25.  english language you expressly agree that these terms and all ancillary documents be drafted solely in english; vous consentez expressément à ce que ces conditions d’utilisation et tous les documents y afférents soient rédigés en anglais seulement. last update: august 19, 2005 terms and conditions of sale this agreement (“agreement”) sets forth the terms and conditions that apply to the purchase of products and/or services (the “products”) from aldo u.s., inc. (“aldo”) using the www.aldoshoes.com website. aldo reserves the right to change these terms and conditions without prior written notice at any time, at aldo’s sole discretion. the terms “you” and “your” refer to the purchaser of products using the www.aldoshoes.com website. please read this agreement carefully! by using this website to make on-line purchases of products, you agree to be bound by and accept the terms and conditions set forth in this agreement, and you represent that you are of legal age to enter into this agreement and become bound by its terms. this agreement contains important information about your rights and obligations, as well as limitations and exclusions that may apply to you. this agreement also contains a dispute resolution clause, found in section 13. as further discussed in section 11 of this agreement, except as expressly provided for in this agreement, aldo does not make or give any representation or warranty with respect to the products you may purchase from this website and aldo's liability is limited as provided in that section. 1.  consent to use of electronic documents you hereby consent to the exchange of information and documents between you and aldo over the internet or by e-mail, and that this agreement (together with any applicable order confirmation(s) accepted by aldo as indicated in section 3, below) in electronic form shall be the equivalent of an original written paper agreement between us. you further agree that all agreements, notices, disclosures and other communications that we provide to you electronically satisfy any legal requirement that such communications be in writing. 2.  other documents, agreements and policies your use of this website is governed by separate website terms and by our privacy policy  (the “other policies”). you acknowledge that you have read the other policies and agree to be bound by and accept the terms and conditions set forth therein.  notwithstanding the foregoing, the provisions of this agreement (and, in particular, the dispute resolution provision in section 13 of this agreement) shall supersede and take precedence over the provisions of the other policies.  in the event of any inconsistency between the provisions of this agreement and those of the other policies, the provisions of this agreement shall govern.  certain additional terms and conditions may apply to purchases of products and other uses of portions of this website. 3.  order before submitting an order for the purchase of products using this website, you will be shown an order confirmation screen (the “order confirmation”) describing, among other things, the product(s) to be ordered, the purchase price and any applicable charges for shipping and taxes. when you submit your order (by pressing the [“submit order”] button), such order will constitute an offer from you to aldo to purchase the product(s) described in the order confirmation, for the price and subject to the other charges, terms and conditions set out in the order confirmation. orders are not binding on aldo until accepted by aldo. aldo’s acceptance of your order is evidenced by return e-mail from aldo indicating that your order has been accepted. 4.  cancellation aldo reserves the right, in its discretion, to limit quantities, terminate accounts and to refuse or cancel any order, including after the order has been submitted, whether or not the order has been confirmed and your credit card charged. in the event that your order is cancelled after your payment has been processed, aldo will issue a full refund. 5.  price all prices quoted are payable in u.s. dollars. although aldo strives to provide accurate product and pricing information, errors may occur. aldo reserves the right to correct any errors in pricing or product information and to modify the prices of products, at any time, without prior notice. aldo cannot confirm the price of a product until after you submit an order for the product. without limiting the generality of section 4 above, in the event that the price or related information for a product (as described on the www.aldoshoes.com website and/or the order confirmation) is incorrect due to an error in pricing or product information, aldo may, at its sole discretion, refuse or cancel your order, whether before or after aldo’s acceptance thereof.  if there is such an error in pricing, aldo will cancel your order and reverse any charges that have been applied, then contact you to ask you to place a new order for the product at the correct price. 6.  payment terms terms of payment shall be determined at aldo’s sole discretion. payment shall be made by credit card unless some other pre-arranged method of payment has been accepted by aldo.  any payments made by credit card are subject to the approval of the financial institution that has issued the credit card. 7.  product availability the availability of certain products may be limited, and products may not be available for immediate delivery. aldo may revise or cease to make available any products at any time without prior notice. in the event that aldo is unable to deliver you a product ordered due to lack of availability, aldo will notify you via e-mail and your order will be automatically cancelled with respect to such unavailable product, provided that aldo may, in its sole discretion, contact you in order to allow you to maintain your order subject to a revised delivery time if and when the product becomes available. the products available for sale and/or distribution by aldo are available only in the contiguous united states (i.e. the u.s.a. less alaska or hawaii). 8.  shipping; taxes aldo will ship the product(s) ordered by you according to the delivery method you have chosen and to the address indicated in the order confirmation.  aldo will only ship products to addresses located in the contiguous united states (i.e. the u.s.a. less alaska or hawaii).  delivery times provided by aldo are estimates only. aldo shall not be responsible for any damages or costs resulting from any delays in delivery. unless otherwise stated, all prices quoted do not include shipping and handling charges and applicable federal and provincial sales taxes. separate charges for shipping and handling and taxes will be shown on the order confirmation for each order, as applicable. you are responsible for all sales, use, goods and services, harmonized sales, and other taxes and duties associated with the order. 9.  ownership; risk of loss all product(s) purchased from aldo are delivered to you by a third party delivery company, pursuant to a shipping contract. you shall become the owner of the product(s) and shall assume the risks of loss at the time of delivery by aldo of the product(s) to the third party delivery company. 10.  returns all product returns are subject to the aldo return policy, the terms of which are incorporated herein by reference. some restrictions may apply. 11.  exclusion of warranties and limitation of liability except as expressly provided for in this agreement, aldo does not make or give any representation, warranty or condition of any kind, whether express or implied, statutory or otherwise, including without limitation warranties as to uninterrupted or error free transactions, privacy, security, merchantability, quality, title, durability, suitability, non-infringement or fitness for a particular purposes, or those arising out of a course of dealing or usage of trade.in no event will aldo be liable for any indirect, incidental or consequential damages, howsoever caused, including but not limited to, any lost profits, lost savings, loss of use or lack of availability of facilities including computer resources, routers and stored data, punitive, exemplary, aggravated or economic damages, arising out of the products provided by aldo or otherwise related to this agreement or the transactions conducted on or from the www.aldoshoes.com website, even if aldo or any of their lawful agents, contractors, employees or mandataries have been advised of the possibility of such damages or claim. in no case will aldo’s total liability arising under any cause whatsoever (including without limitation breach of contract, negligence, gross negligence or otherwise) be for more than the amount paid by you for the specific products ordered under this agreement and to which the claim relates. in no event will aldo be liable to you for damages or losses resulting from viruses, data corruption, failed messages, damages arising as a result of: transmission errors or problems, telecommunications service providers, aldo’s contractors, the internet backbone, third-party suppliers of products or services, damages or losses caused by you, or your respective employees, agents, mandataries or subcontractors, or other events beyond the reasonable control of aldo. certain federal, state or provincial laws may not allow limitations on implied warranties or the exclusion or limitation of certain damages.  if these laws apply to you, some or all of the above disclaimers, exclusions, or limitations may not apply to you, and you might have additional rights. for the purposes of this section, “aldo” shall include aldo’s affiliates and aldo’s and its affiliates’ respective directors, officers, employees, agents, mandataries and contractors. this section shall survive the termination or expiry of this agreement. 12.  governing law and jurisdiction this website and its server are physically located within the province of quebec, canada. this agreement shall be construed and interpreted in accordance with the laws of the province of quebec and the laws of canada applicable therein and shall be treated in all respects as a quebec contract, without reference to principles of conflict of law.  the application of the united nations convention on contracts for the international sale of goods is expressly excluded. 13.  dispute resolution; injunctive relief it is important that you read this entire section carefully.  this section provides for resolution of disputes through final and binding arbitration before a neutral arbitrator instead of in a court by a judge or jury. binding arbitration any dispute, difference, controversy or claim between us or by either of us against the other or the employees, agents, mandataries, officers, directors, successors, assigns or affiliates of the other, arising out of, relating to, or having any connection with, the present agreement (whether contractual or extra-contractual, in contract or tort, pursuant to statute or regulation, or otherwise, and whether pre-existing, present or future), including any question regarding its negotiation, formation, existence, validity, performance, effects, interpretation, breach, resolution or annulment and further including the applicability or scope of this arbitration clause (including the national arbitration forum's code of procedure discussed below) (hereinafter collectively referred to as “claims” and each, individually, as a “claim”) shall be referred to and finally resolved by binding arbitration, to the exclusion of courts of law, before or under the rules of the national arbitration forum under the code of procedure then in effect  and any specific procedures for the resolution of small claims and/or consumer disputes then in effect (which you may obtain at www.arbitration-forum.com or by mail at p.o. box 50191, minneapolis, mn 55405), which code of procedure, as in effect or replaced from time to time, is incorporated into and forms an integral part of this agreement. however, before you submit a claim for arbitration, you must first contact our customer service representatives at 1-888-818-2536, and give us an opportunity to resolve the dispute. similarly, before aldo takes a dispute to arbitration, we must first attempt to resolve it by contacting you. if the dispute cannot be satisfactorily resolved within sixty (60) days from the date you or aldo is notified by the other of a dispute, then either party may then initiate the arbitration process as provided in schedule «a» below. for greater certainty, no recourse may be made by either party to any court or tribunal, whether federal or provincial, in respect of any matter whatsoever relating to this agreement including, without limitation, any claim, any arbitration initiated to resolve a claim, and any arbitration award made in relation to a claim, except as expressly permitted in this agreement or by law. any award rendered pursuant to the arbitration shall be final and binding on each of the parties and no appeal shall lie from such award. such award may be rendered enforceable and executory by any court having jurisdiction over the person or the property of the person against whom enforcement of the award is sought. no claim may be joined with another lawsuit, or in an arbitration with a dispute of any other person, or resolved on a class-wide basis. the parties expressly agree that any claim that is arbitrated pursuant to this agreement shall not be consolidated with any other arbitral proceeding for any reason. the arbitrator may not award damages that are barred by this agreement and may not award exemplary or punitive damages or attorneys' fees. you and aldo both waive any claims for an award of damages that are excluded under this agreement. injunctive relief and provisional relief notwithstanding the provisions in this section 13, the national arbitration forum's code of procedure or any other provision of this agreement, aldo shall have the right to seek and obtain any injunctive, provisional or interim relief from any court of competent jurisdiction to protect its trade-mark or other intellectual property rights or confidential information or to preserve the status quo pending arbitration. 14.  export laws products sold or delivered under this agreement shall be subject to export control laws and regulations of canada. you agree to comply at all times with all such laws and regulations. you will defend and hold aldo harmless against all claims, damages or liability resulting from breach of the foregoing. 15.  headings the headings of this agreement are inserted for convenience of reference only and do not affect the construction or interpretation of this agreement. 16.  no assignment you may not assign your rights or obligations under this agreement without the express written consent of aldo. 17.  enurement this agreement shall inure to the benefit of and be binding upon each of the parties hereto and their respective successors and permitted assigns. 18.  severability the provisions of this agreement shall be deemed severable. in the event that any provision of this agreement is determined to be unenforceable or invalid, such provision shall nonetheless be enforced to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law, and such determination shall not affect the validity and enforceability of any other remaining provisions. 19.  entire agreement this agreement, together with all other agreements, terms or conditions incorporated or referred to herein constitute the entire agreement between you and aldo relating to the subject matter hereof, the use of this website and any transactions conducted on or from this website, and supersede any prior understandings or agreements (whether electronic, oral or written) regarding the subject matter hereof, and may not be amended or modified except in writing, or by aldo making such amendments or modifications available to it pursuant to this agreement. 20.  no waiver the failure of aldo to enforce any provision of this agreement or to respond to a breach by you or any third party of this agreement shall not in any way waive the right of aldo to subsequently enforce any of the terms and conditions contained herein or to act with respect to similar breaches. 21.  english language you expressly agree that this agreement and all ancillary documents be drafted solely in english; vous consentez expressément à ce que cette entente et tous les documents y afférents soient rédigées en anglais seulement. aldo ethical sourcing policy aldo wants to ensure that every business decision in which we are involved promotes social welfare in the countries where we do business. our code of ethics and our supplier partnership manual specify the minimum requirements by which all of our suppliers and their own suppliers must abide, including employment practices, legal requirements, health and safety standards and environmental protection laws and regulations. also, our code of ethics expressly prohibits the use of child or forced labour and any forms of coercion, abuse or harassment. aldo conducts audits of our suppliers based on the conditions outlined in our code of ethics and our supplier partnership manual. these verifications take the form of announced and unannounced on-site inspections as well as on-site and off-site discussions with workers conducted by independent monitoring firms. these audits are performed regularly and any non-compliance is detailed in a corrective action plan report. in the event resolution is not completed within the agreed upon time frame or is not possible, aldo has the right to choose to terminate the business relationship with the non-compliant supplier. aldo’s global sourcing and social compliance teams combine efforts to develop an approach that goes deeper into our supply chain. aldo specifies in our code of ethics that manufacturing partners must associate with suppliers that comply with legal requirements in any country in which their business is conducted and which meet or exceed aldo’s minimum standards. aldo’s global sourcing and social compliance teams are trained on the provisions of aldo’s code of ethics and use their visits to factories and supplier facilities as one part of our monitoring and verification programs. they have been trained to report questionable behaviours, including slavery and human trafficking, to management for follow-up and action. aldo has undertaken these efforts to verify our supply chain and to ensure that our suppliers provide a safe and healthy working environment to all of their employees. last update: december 20, 2011 sign up for the inside scoop on our freshest finds, events & promotions. and get 10% off just for signing up... oh yes! customer care customer service track my order return policy shipping & delivery contact us order by phone 1-888-818-2536 aldogroup about us careers our brands aldo call it spring quick links store locator gift cards size guide faq join us ! ©2005-2014. the aldo group inc. all rights reserved legal notice privacy policy site map about aldo shipping & delivery return policy careers contact us privacy policy legal notice sitemap shop our brands:aldocall it spring © 2005-2012. the aldo group inc. all rights reserved.