来源URL: https://web.archive.org/web/20101213073912/http://www.promarkoffroad.com/blog/
================================================================================

promark offroad blog questions? email us or call (888) 657-9997 (hours: m-f 8am - 6pm central) checkout log in home customer service reviews manuals blog search site search: go shopping cart : 0 items search site search: go promark offroad blog biggest mistakes when plowing snow with an atv plow and winch written by: esther december 30th, 2010 | filed under atv snow plows | no comments »tags: atv plows, atv snow plows, atv winch, snow plows two of the biggest plowing mistakes are lifting the blade too high and lifting the plow in a snowbank. things we’ve learned the hard way about plowing with an atv and winch: pay attention to how high you lift the blade. back up slightly before lifting the blade out of a snowbank. a the two biggest problems that cause damage to your atv plow and winch are lifting the blade too high (which bends the winch mount and plow mount) and lifting the plow while it’s embedded in a snowbank (which can strip the winch gears, bend your equipment, and break your winch line). lifting the plow blade keep an eye on how high you lift the blade when plowing with your atv. the easiest way to keep from lifting the blade too high is to watch the front of the atv. if you lift the blade too high, the winch will start to cinch down the front of the atv. as soon as you see any movement on the front of the atv, stop winching immediately! if you let the winch continue to pull down the front of the atv, the mounting plate will eventually hit the front of the atv and you’ll have a bent plate to deal with. even a light duty 1500 lb atv winch has more than enough power to mangle a winch plate and plow mount. piling up snow the second thing to remember is to back up a few inches before lifting the plow out of a snowbank. you run into problems when you ram snow into a hard-packed wall, stop there, and then try to lift the plow. if you try to lift the plow before you back up, you can easily snap your winch line, strip the winch gears, or bend up your plow equipment. the winch and plow cannot handle the weight of the entire snowbank, which is what you are trying to lift with the plow embedded in the snow. disengage the plow from the snowbank before lifting the blade. so how do you pile up snow on a huge snowbank without lifting the plow when you hit the bank? start lifting the plow as you approach the snowbank. lift early instead of waiting until you hit the bank. then, when you hit the snowbank, start backing up before lifting the plow any further. promark offroad recognized as #24 in retail by inc. magazine and 4th fastest in mn by minneapolis-st. paul business journal written by: esther december 28th, 2010 | filed under promark offroad news | no comments »tags: promark offroad news promark offroad ranked #24 in retail for the 2010 inc. 5000 awards. we’ve been recognized by inc. magazine as the 24th fastest growing retailer in the united states and by the minneapolis-st. paul business journal as the 4th fastest growing private company in minnesota. we are honored to be recognized for our growth over the past three years, and we look forward to continuing to provide our customers with outstanding customer service and superior quality products as we anticipate future growth. inc 5000 award the inc. 500/5000 list by inc. magazine is an annual recognition of the top 500 and top 5000 fastest growing privately owned businesses in the united states. inc. magazine also ranks businesses by industry and region. promark offroad ranked as the 4th fastest growing private company in minnesota. fast 50 award the fast 50 award by the minneapolis-st. paul business journal is an annual recognition of the 50 fastest growing private companies in minnesota. in reflecting on the rapid growth of the company and its achievement over the past few years, president and ceo george lee honored the dedication of his partners and employees, saying, “their hard work is a huge part of what makes this company what it is today.” 3000 lb winch review by quad crazy written by: esther december 22nd, 2010 | filed under video, winch reviews | no comments »tags: 3000 lb winch, xt series winch thanks to rich schramm of quad crazy for this winch review on the promark 3000 lb xt series atv winch! winch installation i got my hands on a new promark 3000lb xt series atv winch from the folks over at www.promarkoffroad.com, and i must say that, i was impressed from the moment it arrived. besides the impressive box, easy to read instructions, and included hardware, this winch just looks like a heavy duty and well designed product. inside the box was the roller fairlead, rubber stopper, contactor, thumb switch, hook with strap, hardware, and a corded remote! all that was needed additional, was a bracket for my 2006 yamaha grizzly, which was available right on their site. winch testing installation installing the promark winch was easy enough. i did it before going out to the field, in the back of my dodge ram pick-up! a few tools i had in my box got the job done. the hardest part was removing some of my factory plastic. the bracket mounted right up to my stock frame and the winch right up to the bracket, without an issue. if you know the difference between your positive and negative battery terminals, you’ll have no problem hooking this up. i ran the wires up the middle and under the seat, to the battery, and hooked up the switch to my handlebars. it was a breeze. the first test winch controls i rode my 2006 yamaha grizzly out into a wooded, but open area, to run some small tests with this winch. operation was very good for a traditional winch. i especially like how smooth the cable turns out in the free wheel/spin mode. engaging this is easy and the switch is located on the side of the winch. putting it in this mode allows you to pull out the cable without hassle. i ran it in and out a few times to check out the motor operation and to see if there was any heat coming off of it, which there wasn’t. i roped the line around a couple of trees and pulled the grizzly without any issue, up the hill and tested it letting the winch out slowly back down. the winch motor sounds strong and smooth, giving me no concerns. atv hanging from tree i hadn’t planned to get out in the mud yet (maybe for my next report), so i thought to myself…how could i really test this thing out? i decided that a good test would be to rope my grizzly to a tree and see about lifting it off the ground. i know, sounds crazy, and when will this actually apply, but why not. so i let out the winch cable and chucked it over a thick branch and around a tree, probably about 15 feet off the ground. (don’t try this at home and wear safety equipment and protective gear!) i began to pull my 600 lb (dry weight) 2006 yamaha grizzly toward the tree, by engaging the winch switch i mounted on the left handle bar. as i got closer to the tree, the front end started to rise. i proceeded to pull the winch cable in and my quad up the tree. it was now about 70 degrees up in the air! i kept going until it was vertical and back tires off the ground! i forgot to get off…what a site…hung my quad off a tree…it was a first for me. i finally let it down after looking at it for a few minutes hanging there. by no means do i suggest for anyone to do something like this with their quad! nevertheless, it’s a good test for me. i let out enough cable slack to get the hook to slide down toward me and unhook it. i inspected the cable, hook, winch, bracket, and frame. no issues at all. all looked great. at least i know that on my next run, this winch will pull my atv without a problem. 3000 lb winch installed final notes this $199 promark winch replaced my older warn 2500 winch that i believe cost me upwards of $400 or so at the time. you would think that the cost difference would show in the product, but i really can’t tell you what the higher priced warn will give you over the promark. the promark winch works very well and is definitely worth the money. i’ll be testing this winch out more on the trails and i’ll be sure to report back. happy trails! video recovery straps: polyester and nylon written by: esther december 16th, 2010 | filed under offroad recovery | no comments »tags: offroad recovery, recovery strap offroad recovery kit the two basic types of materials used for recovery straps are polyester and nylon. both types of straps are good for different types of use. polyester recovery strap polyester recovery straps stretch only about 2 to 3 percent at full force. the upside of this characteristic is a controlled pull. you can more easily predict how the strap will react under load, which means you can more easily prevent damage to the vehicles involved in the recovery. the downside of this characteristic is that the strap will jerk when the line becomes taught, so if you try for a running start, do it at your own risk. the force of the jerk can damage frames, bumpers, and other tow points. polyester straps are more commonly used than nylon straps, in part because they are more universal. besides serving as a recovery strap, a poly strap can be used for towing. they are also safer because they won’t recoil if they break. nylon recovery straps nylon straps stretch like a rubber band. they are good to use when you need a running start, especially when traction is poor—for example, if you’re pulling a vehicle out of sand, mud, loose gravel, or snow and ice. they are also good to use when the vehicle making the recovery doesn’t have enough power to tug from a standstill. the downside of this stretchy characteristic is that nylon straps can be dangerous if used improperly because of the amount of energy stored in the strap. if the strap breaks, it can damage vehicles or injure bystanders. safety always follow safety precautions and use common sense when performing a recovery operation. the following safety tips are just a few things to remember when rigging up for a tug: stay away from hooks. if the hook breaks loose and goes flying under tension, it can cause major damage. always use a closed loop to tie off the strap (for example, a “d,” “o” or “p” shaped tow hook). never join two straps with d-rings or shackles. these metal parts can be lethal if the strap breaks. a polyester recovery strap nylon recovery strap doesn’t stretch much better for exact pulls, when you need accurate control more predictable behavior under load jerks when the line is taut more universal than a nylon strap – can also be used for towing safer than nylon because it doesn’t recoil “rubber band” stretch allows for a running start better when traction is poor good to use for low power recovery vehicles cannot be used for towing any significant distance dangerous if used improperly a winch control options for jeep and truck winches written by: esther december 14th, 2010 | filed under recovery winch accessories | no comments »tags: corded winch remote, winch controls, winch remotes, wireless winch remote you basically have three options for controlling your jeep or truck winch: a wireless remote, a tethered remote, or in-cab winch controls. here are a few of the pros and cons of each type of winch control setup. a wireless winch remote lets you control your winch from up to 50 feet away. wireless winch control a wireless winch remote is the most versatile control, because it allows you to power the winch from anywhere within a certain range of your vehicle, whether in the cab or out. there’s no cord to get caught up in and no need to plug the remote into the winch before use. you can stand much further away than a tethered remote will allow (for example, 12 feet with a tethered remote compared to 50 feet with a wireless remote), which increases the safety of the winching process. a key ring on the remote keeps the remote handy for when you need it, and you have the option to lock up the wireless remote in the glove compartment for safe keeping. tethered winch control the standard option that comes with most jeep and truck winches is the tethered remote. it plugs in to the winch and gives you about 12 feet of leash to run the winch control back to the cab or to power the winch while standing off to the side. since the tethered remote disconnects from the winch after you are done using it, you can prevent accidental operation of the winch by storing the remote in a safe place. to prevent tampering, or to keep the remote away from curious kids, lock it up in the glove compartment for safe keeping. the downside of a tethered remote is that you have to get out of the cab and plug in the remote in order to power the winch. you also have to keep track of the remote and store it in a dry, protected area to keep the remote from getting crushed or damaged accidentally. in-cab winch control an in-cab winch control lets you power the winch from inside your vehicle. in situations where you need to get out fast, an in-cab control is the quickest way to power out the cable and complete the recovery. there’s no need to remember where you last put the remote, and there’s no risk of breaking the remote or dealing with dead batteries. on the other hand, in-cab winch control takes more time and expertise to install. it also means you need to be in the vehicle to power the winch, which in some situations could be dangerous. consider a remote control (either tethered or wireless) as a backup. atv tire chain tips written by: esther december 8th, 2010 | filed under atv accessories | no comments »tags: atv accessories, atv snow chains, atv tire chains, utility atv accessories atv tire chains give you traction on snow and ice. need some extra traction on the snow and ice? atv tire chains can give you the extra grip you need to keep your wheels from spinning. here are a few tips on using atv tire chains. follow the manufacturer’s instructions for installing the tire chains. incorrect installation could damage your atv, tires, or chains. a tighten the chains as much as possible by hand for maximum life. the tighter the chains, the longer they will last. stop and adjust the chains as needed to keep a tight to snug fit throughout use. a do not use atv chains with the tires aired down. check the owner’s manual for correct tire pressure. a adjust the chains periodically to keep the cross chains straight across the tire tread. a tie back excess links of side chain with a zip tie or wire. if desired, you can cut off the excess links; however, we recommend tying them back in case they are needed in the future. a accelerate slowly. do not exceed a speed of 5 miles per hour. a avoid locking the wheels when braking. a avoid hitting curbs with your atv when tire chains are installed. a remove the atv chains on bare roads. atv plow kits written by: esther december 6th, 2010 | filed under atv snow plows | no comments »tags: atv plow parts, atv plows, atv snow plows, atv snowplow system, snow plow blades the cycle country arm plows come with a universal mount, push tube, and blade. just add an electric winch or lift kit, and you're all set for plowing season. if you want to move dirt or snow with your atv, you’re going to need an atv plow kit. for a complete snow plow package, you’ll need the following components: model specific or universal mount push tube plow blade lift system (manual lift, electric winch, or electric lift) a model specific or universal mount no matter what kind of snow plow you choose, you’re going to need some type of mount plate to secure the plow to your atv. most plow kits require a model specific mount. this type of mount is manufactured specifically for your make and model, so it provides the most secure mounting base. some plow kits, such as the cycle country arm plow, come with a universal mount. this means that the plow kit can be transferred between atvs, so if you upgrade your bike or swap the plow between bikes, you don’t need to buy a new model specific mount to attach the plow. push tube the push tube is required to connect the plow blade to the mount bracket, which in turn connects to the atv / utv frame. push tubes are made from heavy duty steel tubing. some push tubes include multiple blade angle positions and three-way adjustments. plow blade plow blades come in a wide variety of styles and sizes. atv plow blades are available in sizes from 48 inches to 60 inches wide. a 50 to 54 inch width is the most popular size. a 60 inch width demands the extra power and weight of a large bore atv. utv plow blades are typically available in sizes from 60 inches to 72 inches wide. plow blades are usually made from steel, poly, or aluminum. with advances in technology, plastic and aluminum blades are just as durable as steel. different styles include v-shaped, straight, and state plow (also known as a country plow). lift system you also need a way to lift the plow blade. if you already have an electric winch installed on your atv, that’s the easiest route to go. you also have the choice of installing an electric lift system or a manual lift. how to keep an atv winch plow strap from breaking written by: esther december 1st, 2010 | filed under atv snow plows, synthetic winch rope | no comments »tags: atv snow plows, synthetic winch rope one of the problems we hear about with atv plows is wear and tear on the winch rope. it’s a problem that extends across almost all plow setups, no matter what brand or make of rope you use. fact is, plowing with an atv winch puts a lot of strain on the winch rope. part of the problem lies in the fact that it’s not a straight pull but almost a 90 degree angle. thread the loose end of the strap through the loop on the end of the winch rope. there’s more than one way to rig up a solution, but here’s one idea that was suggested by one of our customers. solution: add a 2″ webbed strap to the end of the winch rope specifically for use while plowing. what you’ll need: 2″ web strap (for example, a boat transom strap) installation: remove winch hook from rope. thread the loose end of the webbed strap through the rope loop. wrap the strap around the drum until it will be secure, even with the plow lowered. attach the winch hook to the end of the webbed strap. a wrap the strap around the drum. helpful tips make sure you use a heavy duty strap. a cheap quality strap will not hold up well. a 2-inch wide boat transom strap should be sturdy enough to serve its purpose well, even for lifting a heavy plow blade. ideally, one end of the strap has a winch hook on the end for plowing and the other end of the strap is loose. installation takes only a couple of minutes. just wrap the loose end of the strap around the drum enough times so that it will not slip even when the plow is fully lowered. there should be at least 3 to 4 wraps left on the drum when the plow is lowered. you just need to make sure there’s enough room on the spool for the winch rope plus the strap. with enough room on the spool to keep your regular winch rope plus the strap, you can still use your winch to get unstuck for winter riding and ice fishing. attach the hook to the end of the strap, and you're ready to plow. new! in-line atv winch wireless remote kit written by: esther november 24th, 2010 | filed under promark offroad news | no comments »tags: promark offroad news, winch controls, wireless winch remote in-line wireless remote kit for atv winches a brand new in-line universal wireless remote kit for 12 volt atv winches is now available from promark offroad. this kit allows you to control the operation of your atv winch with a wireless remote from up to 75 feet away. the in-line wireless remote kit includes: 1 wireless keychain remote 1 receive control box wiring and instruction manual what makes the in-line wireless atv winch remote different from the full wireless remote kit? the in-line model is easier to install and less expensive, since it does not require its own specific contactor unit. the kit uses the thumb switch pig tail wiring, which means that for most 4-post contactor winches, no splicing is needed. benefits of the in-line wireless atv winch control: really easy hookup lower cost option fits almost all 12 volt winches direct plugin to existing system – no wiring or cutting needed choosing a snow blade: poly or steel written by: esther november 22nd, 2010 | filed under atv snow plows | no comments »tags: atv plows, atv snow plows, snow plow blades, snow plows poly atv snow blades are quiet and easy on driveway surfaces. when it comes to choosing a snow blade for your atv / utv plow, you have two basic options for the type of construction: poly or steel. both have their advantages and disadvantages. let’s take a look at some of the differences between poly and steel plows. poly atv snow blade poly snow blades are fairly new to the atv plow world, yet they have distinct advantages. for one, they are quieter than steel blades and easier on driveway surfaces. if you are plowing pavers or a decorative surface, or if you don’t want to mark up your driveway, a poly blade is your best option. what about the argument that poly blades are not as durable as steel blades? although this may be true of certain types of poly blades, the cycle country x-force poly snow blade uses rib-flex technology for a blade that’s virtually indestructible. it has the same life expectancy as a steel blade. another advantage of the x-force poly blade is that it’s lighter than steel plows. unlike other poly plows that are paired with steel frames for a heavier weight than an all-steel plow, the x-force is all plastic for a lightweight, high strength blade and frame. steel atv snow blades are known for their strength and durability. steel atv snow blade steel snow blades have a long history of reliability in the plowing world. they are known to hold up under rough conditions and accidental abuse. compared with most traditional poly plows (not including the x-force by cycle country), steel plows are lighter in weight. it’s also much easier to add plow wings to a steel blade than a poly blade. plow wings increase efficiency by as much as 35 to 40 percent and cut down significantly on plowing time. « older entries search: pages about us categories atv accessories atv snow plows atv tire chains choosing a winch customer testimonials electric boat trailer winches how a winch works hunting, fishing, camping offroad recovery offroad winch stories promark garage promark offroad news recovery winch accessories synthetic winch rope video winch installation winch maintenance winch reviews winching techniques blogroll durashield covers blog killzone hunting outfitters blog archives december 2010 november 2010 october 2010 september 2010 august 2010 july 2010 june 2010 may 2010 april 2010 march 2010 february 2010 january 2010 december 2009 november 2009 october 2009 september 2009 august 2009 july 2009 june 2009 may 2009 april 2009 march 2009 february 2009 january 2009 december 2008 november 2008 october 2008 september 2008 meta log in by purchasing a promark offroad product, you have acknowledged that you have read and agree with our "terms of use". *free shipping applies to lower 48 contiguous united states only. © 2010 promark offroad all rights reserved. categories atv / utv winches truck / jeep winches boat trailer winches winch mounting plates winch accessories atv / utv accessories atv / utv snow plow parts replacement winch parts promark offroad swag daily deals information home 100% guarantee cancellation / return policy shipping faq about us terms of use privacy site map contact customer service watch us on youtube join us on facebook search terms advanced search contact us