来源URL: https://web.archive.org/web/20201216161338/https://www.domyown.com/pages/terms
================================================================================

disclaimer - domyown.com ask a pro: 866-581-7378 mon-fri 9am-5pm et live chat contact us fast free shipping on your entire order* hello, sign in my account my account my order history track my order my lists my autoships returns my address book 0 pest control lawn & garden animal care equipment subscriptions sale diy center pest control shop by pest ants roaches bed bugs rodents termites spiders fleas mosquitoes grubs flies scorpions yellow jackets carpenter bees snakes fruit flies stink bugs ticks silverfish wasps & hornets drain flies shop all pests » shop by product pest box pest box members savings pest control kits insecticide granules insecticide concentrates insecticide generics growth regulators (igrs) systemic insecticides bug spray aerosols ulv fogging solutions thermal fogging misting systems natural & organic active ingredients animal control mouse control rat control mold control mop solutions odor eliminator shop all products » pest control resources pest treatment guides diy pest control videos winter pest control tips domyown's pest box » lawn & garden turf & lawn ornamentals edibles range & pasture pond & lake hydroponics herbicides fertilizers insecticides fungicides natural & organic equipment specialty items lawn care schedule turf box member savings turf box lawn care program shop all lawn & garden » popular categories sprayers granular spreaders weed & feed pre emergent herbicides (weed preventers) post emergent herbicides (weed killers) grass seed tree & shrub care rose & flower care lawn care resources lawn pest, disease, & weed guides diy lawn care videos diy gardening videos winter lawn care tips domyown's turf box » animal care cat dog small animal horse cattle poultry swine other livestock beekeeping wild birds flea & tick control shop all animal care » popular categories dog flea, tick & pest control dog health & supplements cat flea, tick & pest control cat health & supplements horse fly & pest control horse health & wellness premise pest sprays & treatment cattle fly & pest control poultry fly & pest control animal care resources how to get rid of fleas how to get rid of ticks dog care  » cat care  » equipment sprayers dusters granular spreaders fogging equipment safety equipment bait guns bee suits foamers uv flashlights respirators chemical gloves work gloves spill kits disposable coveralls vacuums termite baiting tools replacement keys aerosol dispensers misc. equipment shoe & boot covers shop all equipment » equipment resources equipment videos sprayer videos how to apply liquids & granules shop sprayers  » shop spreaders  » protect your home from the most common perimeter pests customized program based on your location and home size get additional members-only savings from $7.98/month + free shipping get started take the guesswork out of preventing weeds and disease in your lawn customized to your location, grass type, and lawn size get additional members-only savings 20% off + free shipping get started diy center learning center pest guides lawn care guides articles popular resources product q & a videos labels & sds customize your own diy lawn care program with the domyown turf box - 20% off pro-grade products + free shipping » domyown's covid-19 update: shipping & delivery info | check your order status or visit our diy center for expert advice home  /  terms of use our company about us contact us testimonials charitable giving shipping & returns privacy & security terms of use press room awards affiliates commercial/pro sales testimonial "michael was very helpful. i really appreciate the extra steps he took in answering my questions. i will recommend your site to everyone i know!" jackie fl 05/05/2008 more testimonials » terms of use some legal stuff. please read this before purchasing our products. updated on may 11, 2017 (the "effective date") these terms of use (the "terms") are an agreement between you and p & m solutions, llc d/b/a domyown ("p&m"). the terms apply to the www.domyownpestcontrol.com website (the "site") and the products and services offered thereby, including, but not limited to, the sale and distribution (the "services") of pest control products manufactured by third-parties and distributed by p&m (the "products"). the terms apply to your use of the site, the products, and the services. please read these terms carefully before you enter the site and/or use the products or the services. in these terms, "you" or "your" means any person or entity using the site, the products or the services. unless otherwise stated, "we" or "our" will refer collectively to p&m and its subsidiaries, affiliates, managers, officers, employees, agents and contractors. if you do not agree to these terms, please don't use the site, the products or the services. as a new or continuing user accessing the site, the products or the services, you represent that you have read, understood and agreed to the terms, and consent to be bound by all of them, including any future amendments or updates. the site or the services is not for you to use if you do not accept the terms, and to accept them, you must not be a person who's been barred from using the site or services under the laws of the united states or other countries, including the country in which you are resident or from which you use the site, the products or services. should you object to any of the terms or any subsequent modifications thereto, or become dissatisfied with the site, the products or the services in any way, your only recourse is to immediately discontinue use of the site. p&m has the right, but is not obligated, to strictly enforce the terms through self-help, community moderation, active investigation, litigation and prosecution. these terms may be changed at any time at our discretion, and if we make changes, we will post them here; please review these terms each time you use the site, the products or the services to learn of such changes. your continued use of the site indicates your agreement to any and all changes. to use the services or purchase the products, you must be at least 18 years of age. by using our services, you certify that you are at least 18 years of age and that you agree to be bound by these terms. if you do not agree to be bound by these terms or if you are not at least 18 years of age, please immediately exit the site. use of p&m services and content. p&m authorizes you to view and access a single copy of the content available on or from the site solely for your personal use. the contents of the site and the services such as text, graphics, images, logos, button icons, software and other p&m content (collectively, "p&m content"), are protected under both united states and foreign copyright, trademark and other laws. all p&m content is the property of p&m or its content suppliers or clients. the compilation (meaning the collection, arrangement and assembly) of all content on the site is the exclusive property of p&m and is protected by united states and foreign copyright, trademark, and other laws. unauthorized use of the p&m content may violate these laws, and is strictly prohibited. you must retain all copyright, trademark, service mark and other proprietary notices contained in the original p&m content on any authorized copy you make of the p&m content. you agree not to sell or modify the p&m content or reproduce, display, publicly perform, distribute, or otherwise use the p&m content in any way for any public or commercial purpose, in connection with products or services that are not those of the site, in any other manner that is likely to cause confusion among consumers, that disparages or discredits p&m or its licensors, that dilutes the strength of p&m's or its licensor's property, or that otherwise infringes p&m's or its licensor's intellectual property rights. you further agree to in no other way misuse p&m content that appears on this site or in the services. the use of the p&m content on any other website or in a networked computer environment for any purpose is prohibited. any code that p&m creates to generate or display any p&m content or the pages making up the site is also protected by p&m's copyright and you may not copy or adapt such code. site restrictions. you may not use the site or the services in order to transmit, post, distribute, store or destroy material, including without limitation, the p&m content, (a) in violation of any applicable law or regulation, (b) in a manner that will infringe the copyright, trademark, trade secret or other intellectual property rights of others or violate the privacy, publicity or other personal rights of others, or (c) that is defamatory, obscene, threatening, abusive or hateful. you are also prohibited from violating or attempting to violate the security of the site or services, including without limitation, the following activities: (a) accessing data not intended for you or logging into a server or account which you are not authorized to access; (b) attempting to probe, scan or test the vulnerability of a system or network or to breach security or authentication measures without proper authorization; (c) attempting to interfere with service to any other user of the site or services, host or network, including, without limitation, via means of submitting a virus to the site, overloading, "flooding", "spamming", "mailbombing" or "crashing"; or (d) forging any tcp/ip packet header or any part of the header information in any e-mail or newsgroup posting. violations of system or network security may result in civil and/or criminal liability. specific prohibited uses. the services, the p&m content and other features of the site may be used only for lawful purposes by individuals for the purpose of purchasing the products and services. p&m specifically prohibits any other use of the site, and you agree not to do any of the following: (a) use the site for any purpose other than as an individual consumer of the products and services, including but not limited to using the information in the site to sell or promote any products or services; (b) post or submit to the site any incomplete, false or inaccurate biographical information or information which is not your own; (c) post on the site any franchise, pyramid scheme or "club membership"; (d) send unsolicited mail or e-mail, make unsolicited phone calls or send unsolicited faxes regarding promotions and/or advertising of products or services to any other user(s) of the site; (e) delete or revise any material posted by any other person or entity; (f) take any action that imposes an unreasonable or disproportionately large load on the site's infrastructure; (g) notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained herein, use or attempt to use any engine, software, tool, agent or other device or mechanism (including without limitation browsers, spiders, robots, avatars or intelligent agents) to navigate or search the site other than the search engine and search agents available from p&m on the site and other than generally available third party web browsers (e.g., internet explorer, firefox, safari, chrome); (h) decipher, decompile, disassemble or reverse engineer any of the software comprising or in any way making up a part of the site; (i) aggregate, copy or duplicate in any manner any of the p&m content or information available from the site, without express written consent from p&m or (j) frame or link to any p&m content or information available from the site. privacy policy. when you register with the site, you will be asked to create an account and provide p&m with certain information including, without limitation, a valid email address (your "information"). by agreeing to these terms, you agree to the terms of the p&m privacy policy and acknowledge that information you submit will be used in accordance with p&m's privacy policy. user content and submissions. you understand that all information, data, text, software, music, sound, photographs, graphics, video, advertisements, messages or other materials submitted, posted or displayed by you on or through the site ("user content") is the sole responsibility of the person from which such user content originated. p&m claims no ownership or control over any user content. you or a third party licensor, as appropriate, retain all patent, trademark and copyright to any user content you submit, post or display on or through p&m and you are responsible for protecting those rights, as appropriate. by submitting, posting or displaying user content on or through p&m, you grant p&m a worldwide, non-exclusive, royalty-free license to reproduce, adapt, distribute and publish such user content through p&m. in addition, by submitting, posting or displaying user content which is intended to be available to the general public, you grant p&m a worldwide, non-exclusive, royalty-free license to reproduce, adapt, distribute and publish such user content for the purpose of promoting p&m services. p&m will discontinue this licensed use within a commercially reasonable period after such user content is removed from the site. p&m reserves the right to refuse to accept, post, display or transmit any user content in its sole discretion. you also represent and warrant that you have the right to grant, or that the holder of any rights has completely and effectively waived all such rights and validly and irrevocably granted to you the right to grant, the license stated above. if you post user content in any public area of the site, you also permit any user of the site to access, display, view, store and reproduce such user content for personal use. subject to the foregoing, the owner of such user content placed on the site retains any and all rights that may exist in such user content. p&m has no obligation to screen user content, communications or information in advance and is not responsible for screening or monitoring user content posted any user of the site. however, p&m may review and remove any user content that, in its sole judgment, violates these terms, violates applicable laws, rules or regulations, is abusive, disruptive, offensive or illegal, or violates the rights of, or harms or threatens the safety of, users of the site. p&m reserves the right to prevent you from further access to the site and/or use of the p&m services for violating these terms or applicable laws, rules or regulations. p&m may take any action with respect to user content that it deems necessary or appropriate in its sole discretion if it believes that such user content could create liability for p&m, damage p&m's brand or public image, or cause p&m to lose (in whole or in part) the services of its isps or other suppliers. p&m does not represent or guarantee the truthfulness, accuracy, or reliability of user content or endorse any opinions expressed by users of the site. you acknowledge that any reliance on material posted by other users will be at your own risk. the following is a partial list of user content that is prohibited on the site. prohibited content includes, but is not limited to, content that: is implicitly or explicitly offensive, such as user content that engages in, endorses or promotes racism, bigotry, discrimination, hatred or physical harm of any kind against any group or individual; harasses, incites harassment or advocates harassment of any group or individual; involves the transmission of "junk mail", "chain letters," or unsolicited mass mailing or "spamming"; promotes or endorses false or misleading information or illegal activities or conduct that is abusive, threatening, obscene, defamatory or libelous; promotes or endorses an illegal or unauthorized copy of another person's copyrighted work, such as providing or making available pirated computer programs or links to them, providing or making available information to circumvent manufacture-installed copy-protect devices, or providing or making available pirated music or other media or links to pirated music or other media files; contains restricted or password only access pages, or hidden pages or images; displays or links to pornographic, indecent or sexually explicit material of any kind; provides or links to material that exploits people under the age of 18 in a sexual, violent or other manner, or solicits personal information from anyone under 18; or provides instructional information about illegal activities or other activities prohibited by these terms, including without limitation, making or buying illegal weapons, violating someone's privacy, providing or creating computer viruses or pirating any media; and/or solicits passwords or personal identifying information from other users. it is also a violation of these terms, to include in any user content submitted to the site that may be interpreted as direct solicitation, advertisement or recruitment for an available job position directed to individuals seeking employment on either a full time or part time basis. disclaimers. the site, its content, the products, services are provided "as is" and p&m makes no representations or warranties of any kind, either express or implied, about the products, services, images, site or its content including, without limitation, warranties of merchantability, fitness for a particular purpose, or non-infringement, to the fullest extent permissible under applicable law. p&m does not warrant that access to the site or its contents will be uninterrupted or error-free, that defects will be corrected, or that this site or the server that makes it available are free of viruses or other harmful components. p&m does not warrant or make any representations regarding the use or the results of the use of any products, services or content on the site in terms of its correctness, accuracy, reliability, or otherwise. accordingly, you acknowledge that your use of the site, the services and the products is at your own risk. the products distributed by p&m through the site are primarily pest control supplies and products and p&m does not warranty the safety or the effectiveness of any of the products sold on the site. p&m is not responsible for, and hereby disclaims any liability in connection with, any arthropod bites, stings, or diseases that occur in connection with your use of the products and services. the recommendations for pesticide use or treatment for a specific pest problem on the site or recommendations made through the direct consultation of one of our employees or agents are for general informational purposes only. our recommendations are based on limited knowledge of your area, your home or business, environmental factors, pest identity and population as well as numerous other factors and are extremely general and limited in nature. for the more exact recommendations you should always consult the services of a licensed pest control professional in your area. pesticide containers always contain a pesticide label that contains the epa registration number as well as exact directions for use. the free advice given by our employees or agents or any of the pages on the site for pesticide application or use (the "free advice") are based on common application practices in the pest control industry. the free advice should never be construed to take the place of the pesticide label. in the u.s.a., the pesticide label is the law and a legal document. you agree to always read and follow the label directions before using any pesticide product.?? some of the products sold on the site may require the special licensing training or registration of the user with that user's country, state, county, city, province, etc. our products are sold throughout the u.s.a. w review state and local law periodically and update the site accordingly, however, we are hereby disclaim any and all liability related to the use of the products in contravention of any law, ordinance or regulation of any country, state, county, city, province or municipality. it is your responsibility to provide a license, permit, registration etc. if requested by your local or state authorities. most states or counties in the u.s.a. will provide a license or personal use permit for a nominal fee. it is also your responsibility to verify that any products purchased are licensed for distribution and use in their country, state, county, city, municipality and/or province. all monies will be promptly refunded if any product shipped to you is found to be illegal for use or distribution, or registration for any reason by your, country, state, county, city, province, or municipality, provided that such products have not been opened or used and are returned immediately to p&m. the products we sell are intended for personal use only, in accordance with your state's laws and restrictions, and are not to be used by unlicensed persons for commercial purposes. limitation on liability. you expressly understand and agree that p&m, its officers, directors, investors, subsidiaries, agents, assignees, representatives, suppliers, partners, licensors or employees shall not be liable for any direct damages or any special, direct, indirect, incidental, consequential, or exemplary damages, including but not limited to any damages whatsoever resulting from loss of use, data, profits, or other intangible losses (even if p&m has been advised of the possibility of such damages), resulting from your use of or inability to use the site, the removal or termination of the site, unauthorized access to or alteration of the site, your transmissions or data, errors or omissions in the content on the site, statements or conduct of any third party on the site, instruction, information or services provided by or linked from the site, or any other matter relating to this site or that may result from your access to or use of the site or the p&m content. in no event shall p&m’s liability for any and all claims relating to the use of this site exceed the total amount of fees, if any, that you paid to p&m during the prior year for the specific service or product at issue, or $100.00, whichever amount is less. you further expressly understand and agree that p&m, its officers, directors, investors, subsidiaries, agents, assignees, representatives, suppliers, partners, licensors or employees shall not be liable for any direct damages or any special, direct, indirect, incidental, consequential, or exemplary damages resulting from your wrongful use of the site in violation of its terms or the p&m content, the products or the services and/or your breach or alleged breach of these terms. the foregoing disclaimers and limitation of liability provisions shall not apply to the extent that any claims, damages, costs or expenses are the result of p&m’s own negligence, fraud, willful injury or willful violation of law. indemnification. you shall indemnify, defend, and hold harmless p&m, its affiliates, and their respective officers, managers, employees, agents, subsidiaries, affiliates, licensors and representatives from any and all claims, demands, damages, costs, and liabilities, including reasonable attorneys' fees, made by any third-party due to or arising out of your acts or omissions that arise from your wrongful use of the site in violation of its terms, the p&m content, the products or the services and/or your breach or alleged breach of these terms. p&m reserves the right to assume the exclusive defense and control of any matter otherwise subject to indemnification by you, and you agree to cooperate as fully as reasonably required in the defense of any claim. the foregoing indemnification provision shall not apply to the extent that any claims, demands, damages, costs, or liabilities, are the result of p&m’s own negligence, fraud, willful injury or willful violation of law. ownership of our website. all of the content on the site, including without limitation, the graphics, design, photos, videos and look and feel are owned by p&m and are protected by united states and international copyright, trademark, patent, trade secrets and other intellectual property rights protection. the p&m logos are trademarks owned by p&m and may not be used or reproduced without our written permission. in addition, you may not reverse engineer, de-compile, or otherwise disassemble software included on the site. third party software. p&m may make software from third-party companies available to you. to download such software, you may be required to agree to the respective software licenses and/or warranties of such third-party software. each software product is subject to the individual company's terms and conditions, and the agreement will be between you and the respective company. this means that p&m does not guarantee that any software you download will be free of any contaminating or destructive code, such as viruses, worms or trojan horses. p&m does not offer any warranty on any third-party software you download using the site. international use. p&m makes no representation that materials on this site, the products or the services are appropriate or available for use in locations outside the united states, and accessing them from territories where their contents are illegal is prohibited. those who choose to access the site from other locations do so on their own initiative and are responsible for compliance with local laws. ordering products. after placing an order for a product on the site, you will receive an email from p&m confirming that we have received your order ("order confirmation"). this does not mean that your order has been accepted. your order constitutes an offer to us to buy a product and any order placed through the site is subject to acceptance by us, and we will confirm our acceptance by sending you an email confirming the shipment of your order (the "shipping confirmation email"). a contract with us will only be formed when we send you the shipping confirmation email. the contract will relate only to those products whose shipment we have confirmed have shipped in the shipping confirmation email. we reserve the right to cancel your order at any time before we have accepted it and we may rescind our acceptance and cancel your order where there has been an obvious error in price or where the product is no longer in our or our third party fulfillment provider's stock. prices and availability of products on the site are subject to change without notice. our site contains a large number of products and it's possible that some of the products listed on our site may be incorrectly priced, even though we do our best to ensure accuracy. if a product's correct price is higher than the price stated on our site, we may, at our discretion, contact you for instructions before shipping the product or notify you that we have rejected your order. we are under no obligation to provide the product to you at an incorrect lower price, even after we have sent you an order confirmation or a shipping confirmation email. you acknowledge that products may sell very fast and it may be the case the product you ordered is no longer available. you agree that we may cancel your order after you have received an order confirmation without penalty. it's even possible that you may receive a shipping confirmation email, but the product is no longer available in our stock. you agree that we may rescind our acceptance and cancel your order without penalty if we are unable to ship the product you ordered due to unavailability. collection of taxes. in states where we do not have a physical presence, we may not be required to collect and remit sales tax for site purchases. however, many states require that their residents file a sales or use tax return for products purchased on this site. you should consult your state and local tax laws to determine compliance with tax laws and regulations in your jurisdiction. in some states, we do collect and remit sales tax. for purchases where sales tax is applicable you will see the tax calculated on the checkout page before you are asked to confirm the purchase. we use commercially reasonable efforts to compute and remit the correct amount of tax required on each taxable purchase, however, we do not guarantee the accuracy of the amount of the tax shown as the tax owed. as a result of any error, we may overcollect or undercollect your tax. in consideration of our allowing you access to and use of the site, and in collecting and remitting taxes required on your purchases, you hereby waive your right to claim that the tax collected on any purchase is incorrect in any respect and agree to hold harmless p&m, its officers, directors, employees, agents and representatives, for any harm or other damages you may incur as a result of our error in calculating the taxes you owe for your product purchases. shipping. the term "shipping" or "ship" includes the commencement of shipping products in an order for multiple purchases or where the product purchased consists of components that must be shipped separately. your order may consist of products that require shipment in separate packages. in all such orders, we try to ship out individual packages together so that they arrive at the same time; however, in some instances, we commence shipping by shipping individual packages in the order the soonest they are available. in such case, our notification to you that your order has "shipped," indicates the time when shipping has commenced and does not mean that all products in the order have shipped at that time. you agree that credit cards and debit cards are to be charged on the date of inventory reservation for the order, not the date of shipping. all items purchased from domyownpestcontrol.com are made pursuant to a shipment contract. this means that the risk of loss and title for such items pass to you upon tender of the item to the carrier. other terms. these terms shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the state of georgia, without giving effect to any principles of conflicts of law. you agree that any action at law or in equity arising out of or relating to these terms shall be filed only in the state or federal courts located in gwinnett county and you hereby consent and submit to the personal jurisdiction of such courts for the purposes of litigating any such action. if any provision of these terms shall be unlawful, void, or for any reason unenforceable, then that provision shall be deemed severable from these terms and shall not affect the validity and enforceability of any remaining provisions. you acknowledge and agree that except as specified herein, no representations, warranties or promises of any kind have been made to you by p&m regarding the use of the site, the p&m content, the products or the services. the #1 store for diy pest control and lawn & garden solutions our story diy and treatment guidesfrom our experts charitable giving "outstanding service with fast shipping and in supply products, wellpriced and backed up by an excellent company." see more testimonials » ask a pro our expert staff is ready to help. give us a call: 866-581-7378 mon-fri 9am-5pm et contact us customer service for help with your order live chat offline. leave us a message company info about us contact us testimonials charitable giving shipping & returns privacy & security terms of use press room awards affiliates commercial/pro sales my account login register cart order status my lists my autoships shipping & returns shipping return center no hassle returns track your order * free shipping is available to the continental united states only. excludes alaska, hawaii, puerto rico, and all other u.s. territories. helpful links active ingredients ask a pro articles autoship how to videos labels & sds ny pest control list of all pests manufacturers sales & deals diy pest control service kits site map sign up for exclusive money-saving offers stay informed and get connected domyown 4260 communications drive norcross, ga 30093 usa © 2004-2021 p&m solutions, llc dba domyown - all rights reserved