来源URL: https://web.archive.org/web/20211207184855/https://www.domyown.com/ants-c-1.html
================================================================================

ant control & ant killer products | diy ant pest control fast free shipping contact us 866-581-7378 mon-fri 9am-5pm et live chat contact menu 0 customized pest control program - new lower price starting at $7.98/month* » domyown's covid-19 update: shipping & delivery info check your order status or visit our diy center for expert advice × sort items: featured bestselling newest first price: low to high price: high to low average customer review sort a to z sort z to a × filter by: categories ants ant control kits ant baits ant killer dust ant bait stations ant spray ant granules indoor ant control outdoor ant control carpenter ant control fire ant control crazy ants harvester ants pharaoh ant control sugar ants filter by brands alpine advance amdro cy-kick termidor maxforce suspend tempo temprid csi talstar nyguard pyganic intice invict advion demand hi-yield essentria precor see more price range under $40 (111) under $60 (138) under $80 (150) under $100 (154) over $100 (21) average rating & up (102) & up (90) (38) feature liquid fogging wettable powder dust bait aerosol foam granule indoor outdoor green/natural non-repellent ships to alabama alaska american samoa arizona arkansas armed forces americas (aa) armed forces europe (ae) armed forces pacific (ap) california colorado connecticut delaware district of columbia florida georgia guam hawaii idaho illinois indiana iowa kansas kentucky louisiana maine marshall islands maryland massachusetts michigan micronesia federated states minnesota mississippi missouri montana nebraska nevada new hampshire new jersey new mexico new york north carolina north dakota northern mariana islands ohio oklahoma oregon palau pennsylvania puerto rico rhode island south carolina south dakota tennessee texas u.s. virgin islands utah vermont virginia washington west virginia wisconsin wyoming see more home  /  pest control  /  ants ant control products ant control kits ant spray ant baits ant granules ant killer dust ant bait stations shop by ant type find the right treatment for the ants you have carpenter ant control fire ant control crazy ants pharaoh ant control sugar ants harvester ants recommended by our pros tackle your ant problem with the professional products recommended by our pros pro pick indoor ant kit $55.69 (39) pro pick outdoor ant kit $111.36 (5) pro pick outdoor / indoor ant kit $146.81 (2) pro pick taurus sc termiticide $44.04 (857) pro pick temprid fx 8 ml $10.10 pro pick advion ant bait gel $30.35 (514) pro pick maxforce quantum ant bait $32.38 (87) pro pick advion wdg insecticide $10.10 (21) pro pick extinguish plus fire ant bait $34.70 (115) pro pick maxforce complete granular bait $20.23 (162) pro pick california / new york indoor ant kit $55.69 (15) ant control treatment guides general indoor and outdoor ant treatment how to get rid of ants ant identification guide ant inspection guide how to keep ants away more ant treatment guides carpenter ants identification guide how to get rid of carpenter ants fire ant identification guide how to get rid of fire ants most popular ant control videos play 1:16 how to spray for ants indoors play 1:34 how to find ants in your house play 1:04 how to use ant bait outdoors play 1:09 how to use ant bait indoors play 01:02 how to do a granule fire ant mound drench application play 1:19 how to get rid of carpenter ants in walls play 1:30 how to spray for ants outside play 3:10 how to kill & get rid of fire ants - fire ant control & treatment instructions shop ant control products 1-24 of 147 results filter sort sort by featured best selling newest first price: low to high price: high to low avg. customer review sort a > z sort z > a compare quick view termidor sc (1493) $70.82 free shipping! a professional termiticide and the most effective termiticide and ant control product available today. compare quick view suspend sc (1038) $35.43 free shipping! multiple sizes available a professional insecticide and best selling insecticide for indoor & outdoor, commercial & residential to turf & landscape ornamental plants. compare quick view tempo sc ultra (684) $46.30 free shipping! multiple sizes available a professional insecticide that controls insects in commercial and residential, areas both indoors and outdoors. compare quick view taurus sc termiticide (857) $44.04 free shipping! multiple sizes available a professional non-repellent termiticide with the same active ingredient as termidor sc. compare quick view talstar p professional insecticide (2652) $32.38 free shipping! multiple sizes available a professional insecticide with residual control for termites and 75 other insects for commercial & residential indoor & outdoor areas. compare quick view cy-kick cs (511) $50.60 free shipping! multiple sizes available a professional insecticide that controls many insects indoors and outdoors in commercial and residential areas. compare quick view talstar xtra granular insecticide (188) $50.60 free shipping! a professional granular insecticide in lawns for most ants (including fire ants), chinch bugs, fleas, ticks, mole crickets, crane flies and other lawn insects. compare quick view advion ant bait gel (514) $30.35 free shipping! multiple sizes available a professional insecticide bait gel that is highly attractive, broad spectrum formula containing the new active ingredient indoxacarb. compare quick view talstar pl granular insecticide (279) $40.49 free shipping! a professional granular insecticide that protects the lawn, gardens and landscaped areas for 2 to 3 months against many different insects. compare quick view bait plate stations (95) $9.76 free shipping! multiple sizes available low-profile economic ant bait station that holds liquid gel and granular baits for ants, roaches or other crawling insects. compare quick view bifen xts (331) $46.55 free shipping! multiple sizes available a specially formulated insecticide/termiticide that helps prevent and control termite infestations in and around structures and constructions. compare quick view bifen it (1306) $25.29 free shipping! multiple sizes available a professional termiticide insecticide that control over 75 insects for commercial & residential indoor & outdoor applications including lawns & ornamentals. compare quick view riptide 5.0% pyrethrin ulv (57) $113.91 free shipping! a professional water-based ulv fogging insecticide with 5% pyrethrins for commercial and outdoor applications. compare quick view cy-kick aerosol (140) $22.07 free shipping! multiple sizes available compare quick view nyguard igr (89) $55.67 free shipping! multiple sizes available a professional igr (insect growth regulator) insecticide for commercial & residential indoor & outdoor applications. compare quick view onslaught insecticide (154) $50.12 free shipping! multiple sizes available a professional insecticide with residual control of over 200 insects for commercial & residential indoor & outdoor applications including lawns and landscaping. compare quick view onslaught fastcap spider and scorpion insecticide (157) $62.27 free shipping! multiple sizes available a professional insecticide that provides contact and residual control of insects for commercial & residential indoor & outdoor areas including landscaping and turf-grass. compare quick view maxforce complete granular bait (162) $20.23 free shipping! multiple sizes available a professional granular insecticide bait that treats many insects including ants, silverfish and roaches for lawns & gardens and inside the home. compare quick view nuvan prostrips (51) $50.61 free shipping! a professional insecticide strip slowly releases a vapor that kills insects in enclosed indoor spaces for up to four months for commercial and residential areas. compare quick view deltagard g granules (89) $45.56 free shipping! a professional water soluble insecticide that provides quick knockdown and lasting control of insects in lawns and landscaped areas. compare quick view sector misting concentrate (46) $77.91 free shipping! multiple sizes available a professional insecticide with permethrin for ulv fogging or mosquito misting systems in commercial and residential indoor and outdoor applications. compare quick view fenvastar ecocap (67) $17.51 free shipping! multiple sizes available a microencapsulated insecticide for bedbugs, roaches, and a variety of other structural and plant pests. compare quick view essentria ic3 insecticide concentrate (80) $36.43 free shipping! multiple sizes available an all-natural insecticide that is epa fifra 25(b) exempt that makes it very safe to use around family and pets. compare quick view advion wdg insecticide (21) $10.10 free shipping! multiple sizes available a professional water dispersable granular insecticide that is a contact kill for flying and crawling insects for commercial and residential indoor and outdoor applications. 1 of 7 2 3 next last view all + read more how to get rid of ants knowing how to get rid of ants is the first step in your adventure to live ant-free. there are many different kinds of ant killer products available on the market today. one of the most professional ant control products you can buy is termidor. this product is effective at killing the entire colony of ants and not just the ones you see. if you were to ask any exterminator which product they would recommend for a serious outdoor ant control problem, they would most likely recommend termidor. it is easily one of the best ant killer products available. how to get rid of ants in the house to get rid of ants in the house, we recommend using products such as ant traps (also known as ant bait stations). ant baits and traps are very effective solutions for getting rid of ants in the house, as well as outdoors. killing ants is easy with our help there are all kinds and sizes of ants. some people might fear the larger ants the most, but the truth is that the smaller ants, which live in colonies of huge numbers, are the more difficult ants to control. at do my own pest control we will teach you how to kill ants effectively so you don’t have to worry about that never-ending trail of pests for a long time. getting rid of ants is easy and we will guide you through the entire process. give us a call at 1-866-581-pest. interesting facts about ants despite the fact that ants are one of the most annoying pests around, they are actually one of the most interesting little creatures too. here are some “did you know” facts about ants: did you know that there is a special kind of ant that just hangs up side down its entire life? this kind of ant is a group of ants that resides in the honey ant colonies. this ant is called a “replete”. did you know that there are approximately 8,800 different species of ants known throughout the world? did you know that fire ants occasionally eat little pieces of magnetite? having this mineral inside their bodies is what creates an internal compass and allows the ants to find their way in the dark. did you know that if the average sized human being were as strong as an ant he or she could lift approximately 9,000 lbs? did you know that the largest ants in the world can grow up to one and a half inches long? that’s about this big |----------------------------|! that’s one big ant! these kinds of ants are called diver ants and they live in africa. even carpenter ants can measure up to one inch long so don’t think you have to live in africa to see a large ant. quick tips for ant control: tip #1: treat most ant problems using professional ant bait.  ant bait works best because the worker ants are able to carry the bait back to the nest where it eventually kills the entire colony including the queen.  many over-the-counter ant control products will only kill the ants you see and not the queen, causing the infestation to continue. tip #2: once you've controlled the ants with baits, it's time to put up a defense around your home to keep ants from coming back.  use a residual insecticide spray labeled for ants such as dominion 2l or optigard flex around the outside of the home and dust under baseboards and in wall voids using a pest control dust.  doing this will put a nice barrier around your house keeping ants and other insects out. additional ant control information prevention: the best approach to ant control in the home is cleanliness. any type of food or food particles can attract and provide food for ants. store food in tight containers. remove plants that can attract ants or control aphids, whiteflies and other insects that produce honeydew. reduce moisture sources, including condensation and leaks. inspection. location of the nest is the key to control because ants are social insects. large numbers of individual ants can be killed without ever solving the problem. determine the kind of ant species. most species of ants never enter buildings; others build their nests near buildings and forage indoors. others usually nest indoors. keep a record of where ants have been seen. some ants follow definite trails. if possible, follow these trails to the nest. placement of attractive materials, such as jelly, oils, protein and other materials can attract large numbers of ants so they can be followed to their nest. often children like to watch ants and can be very useful in tracing their trails. outdoors, ant nests can often be located by seeing ant hills on the ground. some ants deposit earth on the soil surface when they construct the nest. fire ants and certain other ants build conspicuous mounds. nests may also be constructed next to or under the house foundation, under sidewalks, driveways and patios, or in decaying logs or tree trunks. indoors, ants may nest in walls, behind a baseboard or under the house. often ant trails enter through a crack but the nest may be some distance away. some ants may also nest in decayed or rotting wood in the house. chemical control: ants can be controlled with baits, crack and crevice treatments, indoor space and surface treatments, outdoor barrier and broadcast treatments, as well as void and attic treatments. however, methods that target individual trails of ants such as crack and crevice treatments and indoor space and surface treatments are usually a "quick fix" and ineffective in the long term because they do not significantly reduce the ant population and do not affect the queen. ant baits, however, were developed to exploit the foraging and nest mate feeding behaviors of ants. bait treatments are effective for control of many ant species. since ants rely heavily on trophallaxis (reciprocal feeding), the bait toxicant can be thoroughly distributed to the members of the colony, including the queen and brood. baits are effective because they not only kill the foraging members of the colony, but they kill the queen(s) so no other ants are produced. the ideal bait contains a slow-acting, non-repellent toxicant that is incorporated into a preferred food substrate. there are many types of baits on the market. in general, ant baits can be found as: *granules for broadcast *liquids *gels *ready-to-use, tamper resistant containers both granules and liquids can be used in specially designed stations. liquids are usually prepackaged for use or come as part of a system that uses a bait station. gel baits usually come prepackaged in large syringes for crack and crevice treatments. for large areas, the most efficient management method is to broadcast bait with a granular. the application rate for most granular bait labels is 1 to 1.5 lb. per acre. this rate translates into about 7 to 9 granules per square foot for most baits. granular ant baits can be broadcast in the landscape around structures and in lawns. most granular baits that are labeled for broadcast use are also labeled for individual mound or nest treatments. use the following guidelines for successful baiting: *use fresh bait. if the bait is not fresh, ants will be less likely to eat it. ants must eat the bait in order to be effective. if the bait smells like rancid oil or stale potato chips, the bait is spoiled. *wash your hands before baiting to prevent contamination from other products (and after baiting). *do not smoke while baiting. the nicotine will contaminate the bait. timing of the application is as important as the choice of control. granular broadcast applications should be done in good weather. a good rule of thumb is to bait on a day that you would have a picnic; about 70 to 90°f and not immediately before or after a drenching rain. also, turn off any irrigation for a few hours before and after baiting. *bait after the dew, rain or irrigation has dried. water can ruin baits. *bait where you see the ants foraging. *store bait in an airtight container and place in a cool dry place, away from other pesticides or potential contaminants. *gel baits are particularly useful in crack and crevice treatments. in all cases of bait use, do not spray any insecticides around the bait application. sprays are repellent and if they contaminate the bait, the bait treatment will be ineffective because the ants will not eat it. for heavy infestations, we recommend a 3-step program: 1. treat the perimeter with a repellent liquid or granular insecticide. 2. broadcast bait with the appropriate product for your ant problem. 3. individually treat remaining infestations, whether they are indoor or outdoor, such as fire ant mounds. can't find the product you are looking for? e-mail us and we'll get it for you! we sell professional do it yourself pest control (diy), exterminator and extermination insecticide, pesticide, chemical and bug killer treatment products to spray, eliminate and exterminate pests. many of our products are not available in stores such as home depot, walmart or lowes. × welcome back! sign into your account to receive your members only savings. email address: password: show remember me back to top the #1 store for diy pest control and lawn & garden solutions our story diy and treatment guidesfrom our experts charitable giving "outstanding service with fast shipping and in supply products, well priced and backed up by an excellent company." see more testimonials » ask a pro our expert staff is ready to help. give us a call: 866-581-7378 mon-fri 9am-5pm et contact us customer service for help with your order live chat offline. leave us a message company info about us contact us testimonials charitable giving shipping & returns privacy & security terms of use press room awards affiliates commercial/pro sales my account my account home my lists my programs my autoships my order history my address book track my order returns sign in helpful resources active ingredients ask a pro articles autoship how to videos labels & sds ny pest control manufacturers sales & deals diy pest control service kits site map shipping & returns shipping return center no hassle returns track your order desktop site sign in sign up for exclusive money-saving offers stay informed and get connected domyown 4260 communications drive norcross, ga 30093 usa © 2004-2021 p&m solutions, llc dba domyown - all rights reserved terms of use privacy & security interest-based ads california privacy rights do not sell my personal information site map interest-based ads california privacy rights do not sell my personal information × welcome! sign in home pest control lawn & garden animal care equipment subscriptions sale diy center my account track my order live chat contact us / ask a pro sign in main menu pest control common pests ants roaches bed bugs rodents termites spiders fleas mosquitoes grubs flies scorpions yellow jackets carpenter bees snakes stink bugs fruit flies ticks silverfish drain flies wasps & hornets shop all pests shop by product main menu lawn & garden turf & lawn ornamentals edibles range & pasture pond & lake hydroponics herbicides fertilizers insecticides fungicides natural & organic equipment specialty items lawn care schedule turf box member savings turf box lawn care program main menu animal care cat dog small animal horse cattle poultry pet wellness care swine other livestock beekeeping wild birds flea & tick control main menu protect your home from the most common perimeter pests customized program based on your location and home size get additional members-only savings from $7.98/month + free shipping get started take the guesswork out of preventing weeds and disease in your lawn customized to your location, grass type, and lawn size get additional members-only savings 20% off + free shipping get started main menu equipment sprayers dusters granular spreaders fogging equipment safety equipment bait guns bee suits foamers uv flashlights respirators chemical gloves work gloves spill kits disposable coveralls vacuums termite baiting tools replacement keys aerosol dispensers misc. equipment dehumidifiers main menu diy center guides pest guides lawn care guides all articles other resources product q&a videos labels & sds back shop by pest ants aphids armyworms bagworms bats bed bugs beetles billbugs birds black widow spiders boxelder bugs brown recluse spiders carpenter bees carpet beetles centipedes chinch bugs chipmunks cicada killers cloth moths cluster flies crane flies crickets cutworms deer drain flies earwigs emerald ash borer fleas flies fruit flies gnats gnats & midges gophers grasshoppers groundhogs grubs japanese beetles ladybugs larder beetles lice midges millipedes mites moles mosquitoes moths noseeums opossums overwintering pests palmetto bugs pantry beetles pantry moths pantry pests pillbugs powderpost beetles rabbits raccoons roaches rodents scorpions silverfish skunks snails and slugs snakes sod webworms spiders spotted lanternfly springtails squirrels stink bugs tent caterpillars termites thrips ticks voles wasps & hornets weeds weevils white flies white grubs yellow jackets back shop by product active ingredients animal care animal control ant control bed bug control bird control bug bombs bug spray aerosols commercial common household bugs diazinon dusts & dusters flea control fly control foaming products fogging equipment growth regulators (igrs) horse & livestock insect control insecticide concentrates insecticide generics insecticide granules lawn & garden mattress covers maxforce products misting systems mold control mop solutions mosquito control mouse control natural & organic odor eliminator outdoor living pest box pest box members savings pest control kits rat control roach control safety equipment sprayers & equipment systemic insecticides talstar products termite control thermal fogging ulv fogging solutions