来源URL: https://web.archive.org/web/20221225222841/https://www.domyown.com/pages/privacy
================================================================================

privacy policy - domyown.com ask a pro: 866-581-7378 mon-fri 9am-5pm et live chat contact us fast free shipping on your entire order* search use "spacebar" or "enter" to expand the my account navigation menu. use down or tab key to select next menu item. use up or shift+tab keys to select the previous item. use enter/space key to visit the menu item. use esc key to leave the submenu. hello, sign in my account my account my order history track my order my lists my programs my autoships returns my address book 0 use left/right arrow keys to allow users to navigate within the navigation links. use down arrow key to expand the submenu and up/down arrow keys to navigate within the submenu. use enter/space key to select the menu/submenu items. use esc key to leave the submenu. pest control lawn & garden animal care equipment subscriptions sale how-to resources pest control shop by pest ants roaches bed bugs rodents termites spiders fleas mosquitoes grubs flies scorpions yellow jackets carpenter bees snakes fruit flies stink bugs ticks silverfish wasps & hornets drain flies shop all pests » shop by product pest box pest box members savings pest control kits insecticide granules insecticide concentrates insecticide generics growth regulators (igrs) systemic insecticides bug spray aerosols ulv fogging solutions thermal fogging misting systems natural & organic active ingredients animal control mouse control rat control mold control mop solutions odor eliminator shop all products » pest control resources pest treatment guides diy pest control videos fall pest control tips domyown's pest box » lawn & garden turf & lawn ornamentals edibles range & pasture pond & lake hydroponics herbicides fertilizers insecticides fungicides natural & organic equipment specialty items lawn care schedule turf box member savings turf box lawn care program shop all lawn & garden » popular categories sprayers granular spreaders weed & feed pre emergent herbicides (weed preventers) post emergent herbicides (weed killers) grass seed tree & shrub care rose & flower care lawn care resources lawn pest, disease, & weed guides diy lawn care videos diy gardening videos fall lawn care tips fertilizer selector tool domyown's turf box » animal care cat dog small animal horse cattle poultry pet wellness care swine other livestock beekeeping wild birds flea & tick control shop all animal care » popular categories dog flea, tick & pest control dog health & supplements cat flea, tick & pest control cat health & supplements horse fly & pest control horse health & wellness premise pest sprays & treatment cattle fly & pest control poultry fly & pest control animal care resources how to get rid of fleas how to get rid of ticks dog care  » cat care  » equipment sprayers dusters granular spreaders mist blowers fogging equipment bait guns safety equipment bee suits foamers uv flashlights respirators chemical gloves work gloves spill kits disposable coveralls vacuums termite baiting tools replacement keys aerosol dispensers misc. equipment shop all equipment » equipment resources equipment videos sprayer videos how to apply liquids & granules shop sprayers  » shop spreaders  » protect your home from the most common perimeter pests customized program based on your location and home size get additional members-only savings from $9.98/month + free shipping get started take the guesswork out of preventing weeds and disease in your lawn customized to your location, grass type, and lawn size get additional members-only savings 20% off + free shipping get started how-to resources learning center pest guides lawn care guides articles popular resources product q & a videos labels & sds customize your own diy pest control program- starting at $9.98/month* + free shipping » × welcome back! sign in for a personalized shopping experience and faster checkout. email address: password: show remember me don't have an account? sign up here home  /  privacy & security our company about us contact us testimonials charitable giving shipping & returns privacy & security terms of use press room awards affiliates commercial/pro sales testimonial "i'm extremely satisfied with the purchase experience. i was able to order pesticides that my local pest control company refused to purchase at an extremely affordable price. the website is very useful with ample information about different pests. i was able to find the correct species and related pe..." mark orem, ut 11/20/2014 more testimonials » privacy and security domyown is committed to your privacy because your privacy is important to us, we have created the following privacy and security policy to let you know what information we collect when you visit our web site, domyown.com, or connect with us offline, such as via telephone, why we collect it, and how it is used. this privacy and security policy also addresses our data security practices, the options you have to access and control any personally identifiable information you provide to us, and other matters. by using or accessing domyown’s services, you agree to accept the practices described in the privacy and security policy. changes to this privacy and security policy we may periodically make changes to this privacy and security policy which will be included on this page. it is your responsibility to review this privacy and security policy frequently and remain informed about any changes to it, so we encourage you to visit this page often. special note about children this site is not intended for or directed to persons under the age of 18. domyown does not sell products for purchase by children. by registering with this web site, purchasing products from domyown or providing domyown with any information, you represent to domyown that you are 18 or older and that any information you provide to domyown about a third party is for a third party that is 18 or older. note for non-u.s.visitors the products and services offered by domyown are intended only for residents of the fifty united states, the district of columbia, puerto rico, and other u.s. territories, and are not intended for individuals residing outside the united states. if you reside outside the united states, do not access or use domyown. what information do we collect from you? why? domyown uses information that we collect to personalize and improve your experience at domyown.com.  we collect personal information from you and any devices (including mobile devices) when you use our website, provide us information on forms, create or update information to your account, or communicate with us.  while providing your personal information is voluntary, it may be necessary in order to use our services, such as setting up an account, placing an order, or reviewing a product. category of personal information where do we collect it from? why do we collect it? who do we share it with? identifiers and contact information: including name, email address, phone numbers, physical address, device identifier, ip address, shipping address) directly from you or the devices you use to access the website, from our service providers, and marketing partners to process and fulfill your orders and returns, communicate with you, fraud prevention and security, deliver marketing communications and advertising, improve our products and services, register you for our website or programs, personalize our digital content and as otherwise described in how we use your information we share information with our service providers to process information on our behalf, including shipping vendors, analytics vendors, and fraud prevention, third parties such as social media platforms, advertising partners, and as otherwise described in what information we disclose internet activity: including browsing history, search history, information about your interaction with our website, electronic communications or advertisements. directly from you or the devices you use to access our website, from our service providers, marketing partners, and from our emails, digital content, or ads you interact with to process and fulfill orders and returns, communicate with you, fraud prevention and security, deliver marketing communications and advertising, improve our products and services, learn about customer trends, personalize digital content, measure the effectiveness of advertising campaigns and emails, and as otherwise described in how we use your information we share this information with our service providers, marketing partners, and as otherwise described in what information we disclose commercial information: including products or services purchased, purchasing history, products you like, reviews you submit, product orders you have cancelled, products you have returned, products you are considering purchasing in your cart) directly from you or the devices you use to access our website, from our service providers, marketing partners, and from security and fraud services to process and fulfill orders and returns, communicate with you, fraud prevention and security, deliver marketing communications and advertising, improve our products and services, learn about customer trends, personalize digital content, measure the effectiveness of advertising campaigns and emails, and as otherwise described in how we use your information we share information with our service providers to process information on our behalf, including shipping vendors, analytics vendors, and fraud prevention, third parties advertising partners, and as otherwise described in what information we disclose location information: such as location based on ip address or mobile device location directly from you or the device you use to access the website, security and fraud prevention services to improve our products and services, to send you relevant content, offers, and advertisements, and as otherwise described in how we use your information we share this information with our service providers, marketing partners, and as otherwise described in what information we disclose employment information: such as your profession, trade or line of business directly from you registering you for an account or program, communicating with you, learning about customer trends and interest, personalizing digital content, and as otherwise described in how we use your information we share this information with our service providers, marketing partners, and as otherwise described in what information we disclose property info: including home and property measurements, square footage, estimated home size directly from you registering you for a program, communicating with you, improving our products and services, learning about customer trends and interests, personalizing our digital content, marketing communications, and as otherwise described in how we use your information we share this information with our service providers, marketing partners, and as otherwise described in what information we disclose how do we collect information? information you give us: we collect and maintain any information that you enter on our website, provide to our customer service representatives, or provide to us in some other manner. this includes your name, shipping and billing address(es), email address(es), telephone number(s), and purchase information. this information is normally provided when you register for an account, make a purchase or sign up for a subscription program, search, participate in contests, promotions and surveys, sign up for our newsletter, submit content to publicly available sections of our website (including product reviews or q&as), upload, submit, or post digital content on third party social media platforms, or communicate with our customer service representatives through our website, telephone, mail, email, or fax. we may also collect information about your home and business, including address or location, structure type and size, lawn size, grass type, and business type. for commercial customers, we may also collect business name, tax ids, exemption information, license numbers, and information required to process your order and to comply with state and local laws and regulations. information automatically collected by us:  whenever you visit our website, we use technology to automatically collect other information about you when you visit our website or interact with our emails.  for example, we collect information on your connection, browsing and usage statistics including your ip address, location information, browser and device information, operating system, software, page views, ad data, browsing and search activity, confirmation when you open emails we may send you, and date and time. for more information about these tools and the choices you may have, please see our cookies and interest based advertising section. information collected from other sources:  on occasion, we may receive information about you from other sources to help us update and correct the information contained in our records, and to prevent or detect fraud.  this information may be collected from payment processors, shipping carriers, and data providers. we may use this information consistent with this privacy and security policy how do we use your information? domyown uses, processes, and discloses the information we collect about you for our business purposes. here are some examples of how we use the information. responding to you, fulfilling orders, and ensuring delivery: we use your information to process your order and provide transactional assistance such as fulfilling your order and managing purchases, subscriptions, orders, payments, and returns; ensuring proper delivery of your products, delivering electronic copy of your receipt, providing you with information for or registering you for our website or programs, as well as responding to product and service feedback your provide. communicating with you about your account:  we may contact you to tell you about changes to this privacy and security policy, our terms of use, or changes to our services, products, and programs.  we may also contact you to regarding shipping, product availability, issues with your order, or to alert you of product recalls. improving our business, products, and services: we may use your information to make improvements to our website and services, including personalizing the content on our website, developing new ways to purchase and browse our products and services, for back-up purposes, and to detect and prevent fraud. identifying website trends and customer interests:  we may use your information to customize your experience with us.  we may collect information about your interactions and activities across devices and link that information to provide you with a consistent experience across the devices you use. we may identify your interests based on your interactions with us and recommend products and services that may interest you. improving our marketing: we may send you communications about special promotions or offers via email, text message, regular mail, or other electronic channels including ads on social media platforms.  we may use information, including information collected across different online services and collected from various devices you may use, to deliver marketing based on your behaviors and interests. promoting our products and services: if you complete a product review, testimonial, or submit any additional content such as photos or videos, we may use your submission for commercial purposes to promote our products and services or send you personalized content. other uses: we may also use your information with your consent, and as otherwise permitted or required by law. what information do we disclose? we may share your information for our business purposes with third parties in order to conduct our business; when legally required or permitted by law; or with your consent. here are some examples in which we may share information: service providers: we may disclose the information collected about you to our third-party contractors or partners who perform services on our behalf. examples of third-party service providers include providers of security, fraud protection, and payment services, shipping and mailing vendors, providers of digital analytics services, marketing and advertising companies that help us learn about our customers, deliver advertisements and communications, affiliate advertising, third parties that help us communicate with you other third parties: we may disclose the information collected about you to other third parties in connection with our marketing efforts to promote our services and products. business transfer: if any part of our business is sold or otherwise acquired, we may disclose or transfer any customer information or personal information we collect in preparation for or as part of that transaction. protection of domyown and others:  we may disclose your information if necessary to protect our legal rights, if the information relates to actual or threatened harmful conduct, or domyown has good faith belief that such action is necessary to (1) conform to the requirements of law or comply with governmental orders, court orders, or legal process served on domyown or (2) to protect and defend the property or rights of domyown, the users of its website or the public. cookies and interest based advertising we or our authorized third-party marketing and analytics service providers may use cookies, action tags, single pixel gifs, clear gifs, pixels, unique identifiers, web beacons and similar technologies to collect and store certain information when you interact with our websites or marketing.  these “cookies” help provide you with a better, more user-friendly experience. we use cookies to help remember your preferences, enhance site security, authenticate your account and store your password if you have an account, improve your web browsing experience,  provide improved search results, personalize and enhance your experience on our website, provide you with specialized or relevant advertising and marketing content elsewhere in which you think you will be interested, measure the effectiveness of ads, understand our website visitors and their interests by learning about patterns of use, the way you interact with our content, and online activities across devices. most browsers accept cookies by default but allow you to block or delete them.  if you set your browser to restrict or block our use of cookies, you may not be able to use some features of our website or some features will be unable to function properly. to learn more about cookies and how to disable them, please consult the help feature of your browser. we do not currently monitor any “do not track” browser settings. email marketing opt out: to opt out of receiving our email marketing, you may visit the email subscriptions preference center which can be accessed from the “my account” menu, follow the unsubscribe instructions included in our promotional emails. interest-based advertising opt out:  to opt out of receiving our interested-based advertisements from members of the digital advertising alliance (daa), please visit the daa website at www.aboutads.info/choices.  to opt out of receiving our interest based advertisements from members of the network advertising initiative (nai), please visit the nai website at: https://optout.networkadvertising.org/?c=1 if you opt out of receiving interest-based advertising, you will still receive our ads, but those ads will no longer be targeted to your interests. you can modify your cookie preferences below: cookie settings how do we protect information we collect? we offer secure web pages to collect certain kinds of user information and we store certain kinds of data in encrypted form. we follow reasonable technical and management practices to help protect the confidentiality, security and integrity of data stored on our system. while no computer system is completely secure, we believe the measures implemented by our web site reduce the likelihood of security problems to a level appropriate to the type of data involved. domyown's servers use secure sockets layer (ssl), an industry standard encryption technology that works with browsers so that only domyown and our credit card processor can read the information required to process your order. how long do we keep user information? we generally keep user data on our server or in our archives for as long as we reasonably need it. we may alter this practice according to changing requirements. for example, we may delete some data if needed to free up storage space. we may keep other data for longer periods if the law requires it. how to update your information? if you are a registered account holder, you can access, update, or correct your information and preferences on the “my account” pages. you can also update certain information by contacting our customer service team at support@domyown.com. we may not be able to access or update all information we have about you but will take reasonable steps to update or correct your information. california privacy: under california law, residents of california have certain rights regarding their personal information pursuant to the california consumer privacy act (“ccpa”). the section below describes the rights of california residents and how to exercise them. subject to certain exceptions, california residents have the right to make the following requests at no charge up to twice every 12 months: right to know about personal information collected, disclosed, or sold: california residents have a right to request a report identifying the categories of personal information collected about you, the categories of sources from which the personal information is collected, the business purpose for collecting the personal information, the specific pieces of personal information collected about you, and the categories of third parties with whom we have shared your personal information in the past twelve months. right to request deletion of personal information: california residents have a right to request that we delete any of your personal information that we have collected about you, provided that we do not need to retain the personal information for legitimate business or legal reasons. right to opt-out: california residents have a right to opt-out of the sale of their personal information. while domyown does not sell or share personal information with third parties in exchange for money, we may disclose information in exchange for insights and other valuable services.  california law treats such sharing as a “sale” even if money is not exchanged. right to non-discrimination for exercise of consumer privacy rights: we will not discriminate against you for exercising any of your privacy rights. however, we are not able to provide some services to you without such information. authorized agent: california consumers have the right to have an authorized agent make a request for you under ccpa. if you are a california resident who wishes to exercise these rights, you may make a privacy request. once the request has been received, you may be asked to provide additional identifying information for verification purposes before your request can be accommodated to ensure you are authorized to make the requests above. you can also modify your cookie settings and opt out of sharing personal data with third-party tracking services on our site by using the cookie preferences button below: cookie settings third party sites this site contains links to third party websites. domyown is not responsible for the privacy practices or the content of such websites. your use of these third party websites is entirely at your own risk. your consent to this policy by using the domyown.com web site, you agree to this privacy and security policy. this is our entire and exclusive privacy and security policy and it supersedes any earlier version. we may change our privacy and security policy by posting a new version of the policy on this page which it is your responsibility to review frequently. legal disclaimer and terms of use please see our terms of use page for more information. if you have a privacy question if you have a privacy question about the domyown.com web site, please email: customer service at support@domyown.com. or write: domyown, attn: privacy policy, 725 old norcross road, suite a, lawrenceville, ga 30046. this privacy and security policy was last updated on march 18, 2022. the #1 store for diy pest control and lawn & garden solutions our story diy and treatment guidesfrom our experts charitable giving "outstanding service with fast shipping and in supply products, wellpriced and backed up by an excellent company." see more testimonials » ask a pro our expert staff is ready to help. give us a call: 866-581-7378 mon-fri 9am-5pm et contact us customer service for help with your order live chat offline. leave us a message company info about us contact us testimonials charitable giving shipping & returns privacy & security cookie usage terms of use accessibility press room awards affiliates commercial/pro sales my account login register cart order status my lists my programs my autoships shipping & returns shipping return center no hassle returns track your order * free shipping is available to the continental united states only. excludes alaska, hawaii, puerto rico, and all other u.s. territories. helpful resources active ingredients ask a pro articles autoship how to videos labels & sds ny pest control list of all pests manufacturers sales & deals diy pest control service kits site map sign up for exclusive money-saving offers enter your email address stay informed and get connected domyown 725 old norcross rd, suite a lawrenceville, ga 30046 usa © 2004-2022 p&m solutions, llc dba domyown - all rights reserved terms of use privacy & security interest-based ads california privacy rights do not sell my personal information site map interest-based ads california privacy rights do not sell my personal information