来源URL: https://web.archive.org/web/20231215144216/https://www.domyown.com/pages/shipping
================================================================================

shipping and return policies - domyown.com ask a pro: 866-581-7378 mon-fri 9am-5pm et live chat contact us fast free shipping on your entire order* search use "spacebar" or "enter" to expand the my account navigation menu. use down or tab key to select next menu item. use up or shift+tab keys to select the previous item. use enter/space key to visit the menu item. use esc key to leave the submenu. hello, sign in my account my account my order history track my order my lists my programs my autoships returns my address book 0 use left/right arrow keys to allow users to navigate within the navigation links. use down arrow key to expand the submenu and up/down arrow keys to navigate within the submenu. use enter/space key to select the menu/submenu items. use esc key to leave the submenu. pest control lawn & garden animal care equipment subscriptions sale how-to resources pest control shop by pest ants roaches bed bugs rodents termites spiders fleas mosquitoes white grubs flies scorpions yellow jackets carpenter bees snakes stink bugs fruit flies ticks silverfish drain flies wasps & hornets shop all pests » shop by product pest box pest box members savings pest control kits insecticide granules insecticide concentrates insecticide generics growth regulators (igrs) systemic insecticides bug spray aerosols ulv fogging solutions thermal fogging mosquito misting systems natural & organic active ingredients animal control mice rats mold control mop solutions odor eliminator shop all products » pest control resources pest control treatment guides diy pest control videos winter pest control tips domyown's pest box » lawn & garden turf & lawn ornamentals edibles range & pasture pond & lake hydroponics herbicides fertilizers insecticides fungicides natural & organic equipment specialty items lawn care schedule turf box member savings turf box lawn care program shop all lawn & garden » popular categories sprayers granular spreaders weed & feed pre emergent herbicides (weed preventers) post emergent herbicides (weed killers) grass seed tree & shrub care rose & flower care lawn care resources lawn pest, disease, & weed guides diy lawn care videos diy gardening videos winter lawn care tips fertilizer selector tool domyown's turf box » animal care cat dog small animal horse cattle poultry pet wellness care swine other livestock beekeeping wild birds flea & tick control shop all animal care » popular categories dog flea, tick & pest control dog health & supplements cat flea, tick & pest control cat health & supplements horse fly & pest control horse health & wellness premise pest sprays & treatment cattle fly & pest control poultry fly & pest control animal care resources how to get rid of fleas how to get rid of ticks dog care  » cat care  » equipment sprayers dusters granular spreaders misting systems fogging equipment safety equipment bee suits bait guns uv flashlights foamers respirators chemical gloves work gloves spill kits disposable coveralls vacuums termite baiting tools replacement keys aerosol dispensers misc. equipment shop all equipment » equipment resources equipment videos sprayer videos how to apply liquids & granules shop sprayers  » shop spreaders  » protect your home from the most common perimeter pests customized program based on your location and home size get additional members-only savings from $9.98/month + free shipping get started take the guesswork out of preventing weeds and disease in your lawn customized to your location, grass type, and lawn size get additional members-only savings 20% off + free shipping get started how-to resources learning center pest guides lawn care guides articles popular resources product q & a videos labels & sds customize your own diy pest control program- starting at $9.98/month* + free shipping » × welcome back! sign in for a personalized shopping experience and faster checkout. email address: password: show remember me don't have an account? sign up here home  /  shipping & returns our company about us contact us testimonials charitable giving shipping & returns privacy & security terms of use press room awards affiliates commercial/pro sales testimonial "very good company. easy order. quick ship. easy to trust. you got my recommendation." paul ocala florida 08/23/2012 more testimonials » ordering, shipping, and returns domyown.com is committed to making your online experience fast, easy and secure ordering | shipping | returns ordering shopping guide for new customers thank you for visiting domyown! this simple guide will make your shopping experience fun and easy. finding a specific item at the top of any page, you will find tabs that give you easy access to our main categories. when you click on any of these tabs, our site takes you to that category and displays the important information that can help you select the right product. in addition, you can use the product search box or choose a category to browse. what if i can't find a particular product? try the product search box. if you still cannot find a specific item, please contact customer service. we have access to almost every pest control or turf & ornamental product available, and chances are we have the product you need. we respond to these product requests very quickly, usually the same day. price match guarantee policy we strive to keep the lowest possible prices for our customers. if you find otherwise then contact domyown.com customer service. we'll match the price.* we'll do what it takes to earn your business! * the following limitations apply: the item must be identical, (i.e., size, model, quantity, brand, color) we will price match only at the time of purchase because prices on the internet can change daily and even hourly the item must be in-stock at the competitor's website and on domyown.com at the time of the price match request we will not offer rain-checks for items that are not currently in stock cannot be combined with other offers sorry, we don't match: prices that do not include shipping charges, taxes, or fees prices requiring memberships discounts applied in checkout bundle offers, rebates, coupons, mail-in offers, offers that include financing prices that require a minimum quantity purchase items that other retailers have listed as clearance, close out, liquidation, special hour/flash/limited quantity offers damaged, used, or refurbished items price errors in-store prices prices as a result of pickup discounts how to match a domyown.com price to another online retailer: contact domyown.com customer service before you place your order. we will verify the item eligibility. domyown.com has the final decision for matching an online price. placing items in your shopping cart to purchase items from our site, you need to place them in our electronic shopping cart. simply click on the "buy now" or “add to cart” button on the item’s product information page. you can continue adding items to your cart until you’re ready to make your purchase. you can view the items you have placed in your shopping cart at any time by clicking on the "cart" button or icon at the top right of the web site. completing the checkout process please review all the items you've placed in your shopping cart to ensure the items are correct in size, and quantity (if applicable). after you've finished shopping, click on "proceed to checkout". order information: after clicking the "proceed to checkout" button, a page appears which will require you to enter information that will be used during this and future checkouts. enter the necessary information and click continue. delivery information: the next section will ask you to confirm your shipping address and select a shipping method. the shipping method will always be "free shipping" in the contiguous us unless you decide to expedite the order by choosing one of our fedex shipping options. domyown.com ships using fedex, fedex smartpost, and usps. your tracking number will be e-mailed to you when your order is shipped. payment information: the final section is to verify your credit card billing address and enter your credit card account number and expiration date. domyown allows you to pay via paypal or major credit card (american express, discover, visa, or mastercard). we may contact you within two business days via e-mail and/or phone to verbally verify your order. we may not be able to ship your order if this information is inconsistent. are credit card transactions on domyown safe? absolutely! in fact, statistically, it's safer to use your credit card over the internet than in a restaurant or department store. domyown's servers use secure sockets layer (ssl), one of the most powerful and widely used encryption technologies on the internet today. if you would like more information about our credit card security policy, please read our privacy and security policy. why would my card be declined if there are sufficient funds in my account? in order to protect our customers from fraudulent transactions, the billing and shipping address is verified through your credit card company. if the billing address on your domyown account differs from the billing address on your bank's records, you could be declined. please verify that billing address information is correct, and then notify your credit card company to ensure that they have your most up-to-date information. completing your order after entering your payment information, simply click the "confirm order" button and the order will be processed. that's it! you will be e-mailed immediately with confirmation of your order, including your order information and invoice number. there is a possibility that your credit card could be declined after confirming your order. if this happens then you will be returned to the payment information screen so that you can re-enter your credit card information and correct any errors. can i cancel an order? orders cannot be cancelled once the checkout process has been completed. due to our commitment to process orders quickly, once the checkout process is completed our warehouse is immediately notified to pick and pack the order for shipment. we regret any inconvenience that this may cause you. back to top shipping please keep an eye out for your order we will provide tracking information by email to our customers for orders placed through our website. it is the responsibility of our customers to be aware of the tracking information and be on the lookout for their order to arrive. if for any reason you do not receive your order in a timely manner, please let us know at least 10-15 days after shipment so that we can investigate the matter. we cannot be held responsible for lost orders if we are not notified in at least 15 days from the time the order leaves our warehouse. we will make every effort to ship orders as soon as they are received. most orders received before 5pm et will be shipped within one business day. any product that is out of stock will be shipped to you as it becomes available for shipment. you will be notified by telephone or e-mail of the estimated ship date. there is no need to reorder. shipping days are monday thru friday orders placed on saturdays, sundays, or holidays will be shipped the following business day. free shipping on all orders in the usa terms & conditions free shipping will be sent either fedex, fedex smartpost, or usps (whichever method is most economical for us) for all orders in the usa. our free shipping promotion applies only to the lower 48 united states. for expedited shipping, additional fees apply which you will see during checkout. for larger orders and special pricing, please call us toll free at 866-581-7378 shipping to alaska, hawaii, and us territories orders shipped to alaska, hawaii, and u.s. territories will be charged additional shipping fees based on destination, size and weight. carrier restrictions may prevent selected items from being deliverable to destinations within hawaii, alaska and us territories. furthermore, there may be some orders we will not be able to ship because of distance or cost. where do you ship? we currently ship within the united states (including alaska and hawaii) and to the us territories. we also ship to certain apo, afo, and ae military addresses. do you offer local pickup? no, we do not offer local pickup. we do offer shipping within the united states. when can i expect delivery of my order? most items leave our warehouse within one business day after you place your order. as soon as it ships, we e-mail you shipping details, including a tracking number (if available). if you check your order status before receiving that e-mail, you will see that the order is “processing”. you can expect most packages to be delivered to their destination within 4-7 business days from the ship date. please note that some packages may take slightly longer depending on the weight of the package and the location that we are shipping to. items being delivered to alaska, hawaii, and u.s. territories may take up to 2 weeks from the ship date to complete delivery. special restrictions some products cannot be shipped to new york, connecticut, vermont, or outside the lower 48 united states. if a product cannot be sold in a particular state then you will be informed of the restriction on the product's information page. domyown will adhere to any and all state shipping restrictions. all aerosol cans must be shipped by fedex ground. they cannot be shipped by us mail or fedex air. what if i have other questions about my order? please send any order or shipping-related questions to domyown customer service. wrong address charges an $11.00 fee may apply for an incorrect shipping address. 1. when a customer enters an incorrect address our shipping carriers (usually fedex) will charge us an $11.00 fee to locate the correct address so the package can be delivered. we will pass this charge on to the customer. this occurs very rarely and we will always attempt to contact the customer first before we ship the package if the address looks questionable. 2. incorrect address that results in the order being lost - we cannot be held responsible if you enter an incorrect shipping address such that the package is shipped to another person/address and cannot be recovered. we will have to charge you the full order price again if you want the order shipped to the correct address. we cannot issue refunds for address mistakes that are out of our control. lost orders domyown will provide tracking information by email to our customers for every order placed through our website. it is the responsibility of the customer to be aware of the tracking information and be on the lookout for their order to arrive. customers who do not receive their order in a timely manner must let us know at least 10-15 days after shipment so that we can investigate the matter. we cannot be held responsible for lost orders if we are not notified in at least 15 days from the time the order leaves our warehouse. refused order charges a product refund minus any shipping fees will be incurred if a package is undeliverable or refused. if we send a package through our shipping carrier (usually fedex), and they are unable to deliver the package to you after multiple attempts, then fedex will charge us a fee (usually the cost of a typical ground shipment charge, from $5-10) to return the package to us. we will have to in turn charge that fee to the customer. this is also true if a package arrives at your door and is refused. we treat both of these instances as a "product return" and your money will be refunded for the purchase price of the order minus any incoming and outgoing shipping charges incurred to ship your package and receive a refused or undeliverable package by fedex. please note that undeliverable packages rarely occur and we will always make attempts to contact you first before initiating a return or charging any fee. we encourage customers to always double-check their shipping address and be aware of any tracking information we send via email. all customers will be sent an email with a tracking number shortly after their product leaves our warehouse. damaged orders/ damaged or missing merchandise policy you have up to 3 business days after the package has been delivered to notify us of any damage to the product(s) or if there are any products missing from the order.  if you suspect that an item has been damaged during shipment or an item is missing from your order, please notify us immediately (within 3 business days after delivery) to report the damage so that we can notify the shipping carrier and file a claim. you should keep all packaging material and the box in case the carrier wants to inspect the condition of the package. back to top no hassle returns you can now manage returns online!  please see our returns center. no hassle return policy returning items to domyown is easy. returns must be received within 90 days from the date of purchase. to qualify for a refund, all items must be returned unopened, in their original condition at the time of sale, including the original packaging and all tags, labels, containers, documentation, etc (unless the product is defective or damaged). do not mark or deface original manufacturer containers in any manner. we will not accept returns if packaging is opened or not in its original condition - we will return such items to you (unless product is defective or damaged). if you reject that return shipment, domyown reserves the right to liquidate the inventory and withhold credit. domyown will provide a full refund to you for returned items in their original condition, less any outgoing expedited shipping costs on your order. how to return an item: please visit our online return center to begin the return authorization process. most items that have not been opened can be returned. exceptions will be made if the item is defective in some way. after creating the return online, you will receive instructions via email on how to return the product. please ship your return package in a timely manner or the return authorization request may expire. for your protection, we recommend that all returns be sent back by a traceable carrier (such as ups or fedex) and that the shipment be insured in case the package is lost. once we receive and process your return we will give you a refund less any outgoing expedited shipping costs on your order. most refunds are processed within 5 business days after receiving your return. you will receive an e-mail confirmation once your refund is processed. the information contained on this page is subject to change. last updated: may 2020 the #1 store for diy pest control and lawn & garden solutions our story diy and treatment guidesfrom our experts charitable giving "outstanding service with fast shipping and in supply products, wellpriced and backed up by an excellent company." see more testimonials » ask a pro our expert staff is ready to help. give us a call: 866-581-7378 mon-fri 9am-5pm et contact us customer service for help with your order live chat offline. leave us a message company info about us contact us testimonials charitable giving shipping & returns privacy & security cookie usage terms of use accessibility press room awards affiliates commercial/pro sales my account login register cart order status my lists my programs my autoships shipping & returns shipping return center no hassle returns track your order * free shipping is available to the continental united states only. excludes alaska, hawaii, puerto rico, and all other u.s. territories. helpful resources active ingredients ask a pro articles autoship how to videos labels & sds ny pest control list of all pests manufacturers sales & deals diy pest control service kits site map sign up for exclusive money-saving offers enter your email address stay informed and get connected domyown 725 old norcross rd, suite a lawrenceville, ga 30046 usa © 2004-2023 p&m solutions, llc dba domyown - all rights reserved terms of use privacy & security interest-based ads california privacy rights do not sell my personal information site map interest-based ads california privacy rights do not sell my personal information