来源URL: https://web.archive.org/web/20091021211334/http://www.ergoindemand.com/faq.htm
================================================================================

ergo in demand - faq and policies home | contact us | need help? | dealers | order trackingquality ergonomic office furniture and computer accessories lcd monitorarms lcd wall mounts multi monitor arms & mounts computer desk mounts ceiling mount solutions monitor stands single/multiple lcd pole mount solutions specialty flat screen mounts laptop accessories plasma mount& tv stands plasma and lcd mounts tv mounts and stands plasma and lcd tv stands projector mounts and stands specialty display mounts desklamps filing &storage filing and storage cabinets high density filing systems mailroom furniture & filing file carts desk organizer and filing cd and dvd storage cabinets display cases and cabinets boards &easels white boards and planners bulletin and display boards bulletin and letter boards presentation board and easel easels for education chalkboards room dividers magazine &literature racks magazine racks floor literature holders wall brochure holders and racks literature counter displays keyboardtrays keyboard tray and drawer systems keyboard trays and arms, mix & match keyboard accessories filters computerfurniture workstations multi-users workstations single-user laptop desks and stands printer stands and cabinets podium, lectern and pulpits office chairs& seating executive and office chairs desk and computer chairs ergonomic office chairs drafting chairs and stools folding and stacking chairs medical and industrial chairs guest and office chairs av / tv carts& stands ergonomicaccessories economyline ergo in demand.com product categories lcd monitor arms plasma lcd mount / tv stand desk lamps filing & storage boards and easels literature racks and holders keyboard trays filters computer furniture office chairs & seating av / tv carts & stands ergonomic accessories economy line home > faq & policies ergo in demand - faq and policies - answers to frequently asked questions and policies share this page 1. can i order directly at ergo in demand? 2. what is your payment policy? 3. how do i place an order? 4. what are your business hours? 5. does ergo in demand ship internationally and to canada? 6. once i place an order, how long does it take to receive products? 7. how do i know my order has been shipped? 8. do you have a catalog? 9. what is your warranty policy? 10. what is your exchange, return and damage policy? 11. do you offer gsa pricing? 12. what is your privacy policy? 13. i'm a retail product dealer. how do i get dealer or oem pricing? 14. does ergo in demand have a location or representative where i live, and can they come out to my site? 15. do you have a demo program? 16. what information do i need to know before placing an order for an lcd arm? 17. what information do i need to know before placing an order for a plasma mount? 18. are your lcd arms clean room compatible? 19. what does the term vesa standard mean? 20. what mounting attachment comes with an lcd arm? 21. do i have to pay sales tax? 1. can i order directly at ergo in demand? yes, you can. our large product offering is available on the internet to the general public as well as to dealers and oems. (back to top) 2. what is your payment policy? we accept all four major credit cards (visa, mastercard, american express, and discover) on orders originating from the united states, puerto rico, and canada. credit card purchases must be approved and charged prior to product shipment. organizations may place product orders using purchase orders only after receipt of and approval of their credit references; the purchase order payments are due net 10 days of order receipt (please contact us if you require alternate terms). money orders and personal checks will also be accepted, though these orders will not be processed and the items will not ship until after payment has cleared. (back to top) 3. how do i place an order? there are four ways to order: place your order on-line via our website, or call our customer service department at 1-800-888-6024. it is also possible for approved organizations to send their purchase orders (p.o.) via fax (the fax number is 866-422-7573) or email us the p.o. (info@ergoindemand.com).  (back to top) 4. what are your business hours? our customer service staff is available between 7:00 a.m. and 4:30 p.m. pacific time. (back to top) 5. does ergo in demand sell and ship internationally and to canada? yes, we do, however, we ask that you contact us in advance to receive a freight quote and approve the total charges. payment for orders originating outside the u.s., puerto rico, or canada require a bank wire transfer, check, money order, or eft (electronic funds transfer). we will charge a $15 fee for orders less than $750.00 paid by bank wire transfer (there may be additional fees charged by the originating bank - these are the responsibility of the customer). products will not ship until funds have cleared our bank. our prices and freight quotes do not include brokerage fees, entrance fees, duties, or taxes imposed by foreign import laws for which the customer is responsible. please contact us by email or phone so we can provide you with the freight shipping charge for your specific products. we are unable to ship to apo and/or fpo addresses. (back to top) 6. once i place an order, how long does it take to receive my products? we offer a large variety of products. orders are processed throughout each working day for both standard products and more customized items. standard turn-around time to ship will vary by product, though most items are usually able to ship either same day or within two to seven business days. (custom items can take considerably longer). our customer service staff is able to answer questions about your particular product's shipping availability. actual freight transit time varies by location and shipping mode. if you desire your product to ship express, contact us for a special quotation. (back to top) 7. how do i know my order has been shipped? orders are processed promptly every business day. after placing your order, you can contact us a couple days afterwards to request an order tracking number if you haven't received one by email. tracking numbers are not available until after the item has been received by the carrier. if you place your order by phone for a stock item, you may at that time request the customer service representative to send you the tracking number when it is available. (back to top) 8. do you have a catalog? we do not have a product catalog or brochure because as an internet-based retailer, we are continually adding new product lines and updating product data quickly. so, a complete product catalog is not available. (while we've attempted to compile useful catalogs for customers who've requested them, we've repeatedly found that any catalog has simply been outdated before it is even mailed.) we invite you to bookmark our ergo in demand home page for your future reference. (back to top) 9. what is your warranty policy? products are covered by limited manufacturer warranties that protect against defects in the original material or workmanship. warranty periods vary by manufacturer and product line. you will find warranty information included on many of our product pages. most products carry a one year limited warranty while some are warranted up to 50 years. (back to top) 10. what is your exchange, return and damage policy? please make your request for either an exchange or return to or by calling 1-800-888.6024.  our policies are specified below. unauthorized returns will be charged to the customer. exchanges: if a customer places an order accidentally for an incorrect product, ergo in demand is often able to arrange an exchange of that one for the correct item if we are notified of the problem within 30 calendar days of the original purchase. in those situations when we are able to provide an exchange, the customer will be given an rma (returned merchandise authorization) number to write on the returning address label, not on the returning carton. the original item can then be returned to us (at customer shipping expense) and the original purchase will be credited for the original amount, less the original shipping cost. the account credit will be arranged after receipt of the returned item only if the product is returned to us in perfect condition and in the original packaging. the replacement item and any applicable shipping charge is invoiced separately. custom and special order items, as well as items designated as "non-cancelable" or "non-returnable," are not returnable or exchangeable, nor can the order be cancelled. returns: all requests to return an item, rather than exchange, must be made to us within 30 days from invoice date. no returns will be considered if we're notified after 30 days from invoice date, and returned goods will not be accepted without prior authorization from ergo in demand, inc. all returned goods are subject to a 25% restocking charge and customer is responsible for return shipping costs. damage: any claim for damaged merchandise must be made within 10 days of delivery. it is your responsibility to check for damage upon arrival and report said damage immediately to the carrier and to ergo in demand. our liability on a properly filed claim is limited to replacement of product with same or equal value. custom and special order items, as well as items designated as "non-cancelable" or "non-returnable," are not returnable, nor can the order be cancelled. (back to top) 11. do you have gsa pricing? ergo in demand is not currently providing a gsa schedule. however, you'll find that our internet product pricing is normally the same or lower than published gsa prices, and ergo in demand has many years of experience selling to federal and local government agencies, branches of the armed forces and educational institutions. if you are placing a quantity order, please contact us for available discounts. our cage number is 3xeu3, and additional information about our company can be found at www.ccr.gov. our company is located in oregon which has no sales tax and we do not collect sales tax for other states. contact us with your questions. (back to top) 12. what is your privacy policy? you can view our privacy policy in it's entirety by clicking here. ergo in demand is committed to protecting your privacy. our company does not sell, trade or rent your personal information to others for any reason. we will use the credit card information you provide during the order process for the sole purpose of processing your order and will not share any of your information. our company does not provide information about our customers to anyone for any reason. we may use the information we collect to periodically notify you about new services or special offers we think you'll find valuable. if you would rather not receive this information, you may send an email to with "unsubscribe ergo mailing list" as the subject line. if you have any questions regarding our privacy policy, please feel free to contact our offices directly at 1-800-888-6024 or click here to submit a customer service request. (back to top) 13. i'm a retail product dealer. how do i get dealer or oem pricing? dealers can call us at 1-800-888-6024 to receive your user name and password. once your dealer status is verified it's easy to access our dealer pages where you'll find the specific products and prices available to dealers. not all products are offered through dealerships. (back to top) 14. does ergo in demand have a location or representative where i live? can someone come out to my location? there are many distributors and dealers who are selling our products. however, ergo in demand only sells products via the internet. we fulfill orders to locations within the u.s., canada and internationally. (back to top) 15. do you have a demo program so i can try out your products? no, we don't. (back to top) 16. what information do i need to know before placing an order for an lcd arm? you will need to know your monitor's weight (without the base stand), whether it is vesa compatible, and how you wish to mount it -- on a desk, wall, ceiling, or pole. if on a desk, what type of desk mounting do you prefer? when designing a multiple monitor arm set up, the dimensions of each lcd must be factored in also to ensure there is room to pivot your monitor. (back to top) 17.  what information do i need to know before placing an order for a plasma mount? there are numerous questions to consider for plasma mounting, the basic five being: your plasma's make and model, it's weight, whether you desire it to tilt, and where you want it to mount (ceiling, wall, floor, or stand). additionally, ceiling and wall mounts require consideration of a few additional questions. for ceiling mounting: what type of ceiling will it be suspended from (steel i-beam? wood? drop ceiling? cathedral? a truss?); and what is your preferred drop distance from the ceiling. if you're planning on a wall mount plasma, decide what distance do you want it to sit from the wall, and consider the location of your electrical outlet? (back to top) 18. are your lcd arms clean room compatible? several are but not all, and because we are regularly adding to our product line, we suggest you contact our customer service staff with specific inquiries. (back to top) 19. what does the term vesa standard mean? vesa stands for the video electronic standards association. this association has set many standards in the industry, which most manufactures have adopted.  one of those standards is a mounting hole pattern that may be found on the back of an lcd panel. if your are not sure your monitor is vesa standard, please check your monitor manual under "specifications," or consult our vesa reference chart, or call us at 1-800-888-6024. for additional information about the vesa standard, check about vesa standard. (back to top) 20. what mounting attachment comes with an lcd arm or plasma mount? there are several methods of mounting lcd arms and plasma mounts to stands and desks such as freestanding, grommet mount, bolt through or c-clamp. pole mount, wall mount, and ceiling mounting arms are also available. for detailed information, please read the specifics contained on the product pages of the items you're interested in ordering or contact our customer service department. (back to top) 21. do i have to pay sales tax? our company is located in oregon which has no sales tax.  c customer service and support customer serviceorderingpartner linkslearning centersite links about us pricing & ordering dealer program buyer's guide home page contact us exchanges & returns affiliate program about ergonomics product sitemap f.a.q. sales tax pdf sitemap popular searches my account privacy policy news testimonials order tracking international orders careers gsa pricing payment methods accepted < back to top > © copyright 2000 to 2009  ~  ergo in demand, inc.  ~  4900 industry drive,  central point, or 97502