来源URL: https://web.archive.org/web/20141231165124/http://www.hsn.com/cs/privacy_policy/default.aspx?o=!BNPR0
================================================================================

privacy policy at hsn.com recently aired order status 0 account sign in / register watch arcade community search close happy new year! ends in: fashion close shoes close jewelry close beauty close health & fitness close home close kitchen & food close electronics close sports fan close crafts close gifts close more close clearance close 12-month vip financing on ps4, xbox and more up to 70% off select clearance free shipping on select smartphones for the best hsn.com shopping experience, please update your browser. we recommend internet explorer 9, chrome or firefox. » why upgrade? click one of these icons to update now: hsn shopping customer service company information privacy policy featured links today's special on air now: live items recently aired program guide shop the show showstoppers category beauty crafts & sewing electronics fashion health & fitness home jewelry kitchen & food sports & recreation toys & games hsn, inc. privacy policy last updated: april 30, 2014 other privacy documents hsn privacy policy hsni, llc and hsn interactive llc (collectively, "hsn") are part of the hsn, inc. ("hsni") family of businesses. hsni is a retailing powerhouse that spans the full retail spectrum including television (hsn tv and hsn2), catalogues (cornerstone brands), ecommerce (hsn.com and catalogue websites), and brick & mortar retail (frontgate and ballard designs). for a complete list of all of hsni's businesses, please visit	www.hsni.com. at hsni, we respect the privacy of our customers and the importance of the information they entrust to us. this privacy policy is intended to describe for you, as an individual who uses one or more of our websites, views our television programming, uses our mobile applications, places orders by phone, uses our other services, or who otherwise provides us with information through various means ("services"), the information we collect, how that information may be used, with whom it may be shared, and your choices about such uses and disclosures. we summarize below the basic information policies and practices in place for all hsni services. to read the entire privacy policy of hsn ("hsn privacy policy"), please	click here. we encourage you to read the hsn privacy policy carefully when using our services or transacting business with us. by using our services or otherwise doing business with us, you are accepting the practices described in the hsn privacy policy. information we may collect [read more] we may collect information that can identify you ("personal information"), such as your name and e-mail address, (i) when you (or other customers) provide it to us when using our services, or (ii) from other hsni businesses, from our business partners, or from other third parties. we may combine the personal information that we receive from different sources. we also may collect other types of information in the following ways when you use our online services: our server logs automatically collect information, such as your ip address, your browser type and language, and the date and time of your visit, which helps us to track users' movements around our online services and to understand trends. we may assign your computer or device one or more		cookies which may collect information to facilitate access to our online services and to personalize your online experience. we may use standard internet tools, such as		web beacons, which collect information that tracks your use of our online services and enables us to customize our online services and advertisements. we do not knowingly collect personal information from children under the age of 13. should we ever do so, we will comply with the children's online privacy protection act. information others may collect [read more] we may allow third-party advertising companies or ad networks to display advertisements on our online services. we do not provide any personal information to these companies. these companies may use tracking tools, such as cookies, to collect information about computers and/or devices used to view or interact with their advertisements. some of these companies may be members of the network advertising initiative, which offers consumers the ability to opt out of ad targeting by all member companies. if you post information about yourself or others, or communicate with others using our services, please note that we cannot control who reads your postings or what they do with the information you provide. we encourage you to use caution in posting personal information. how we may use information we collect [read more] we may use information to: fulfill your requests for products and services; offer products and services that may be of interest to you; customize the advertising and content that you see on our services; facilitate use of our services; manage your account and your preferences; analyze use of and improve our services, products, and other services; identify and protect against fraudulent transactions and other misuses of our services; and enforce our conditions of use. with whom we may share information we collect [read more] we will not share your personal information with others except as indicated below, or except when we inform you in advance and give you the opportunity to opt out. we may share personal information with: service providers, such as credit-card payment processors, performing services on our behalf; other hsni businesses; other businesses with which we partner or which we carefully select to offer you products, services, and promotions through our services; and other third parties in limited circumstances, such as complying with legal requirements, preventing fraud, and protecting the safety of our customers. we may share aggregated, non-personal information in any of the above situations and also with advertisers and others. your choices [read more] you may choose: not to provide personal information, although that may result in your inability to obtain certain services or use certain features of our services; to stop receiving promotional e-mails or newsletters from us by modifying your e-mail subscription settings		here; to delete or decline cookies by changing your browser settings, although if you do so, some of the features or services of our online services may not function properly; to review and update your personal information by contacting us at the e-mail address below or, if you have an online account for our services, by logging into that account. to learn about additional choices, click here. security [read more] we take appropriate physical, electronic, and other security measures to help safeguard personal information from unauthorized access, alteration, or disclosure. changes to our privacy policy we may occasionally update our privacy policy to reflect changes in our practices and services. if we make material changes in the way we collect, use, or share your personal information, we will notify you by sending you an e-mail to the e-mail address you most recently provided to us and/or by prominently posting notice of the changes on our online services. how to contact us if you have any questions about this summary, the hsn privacy policy, or our information practices, please contact us by e-mail or postal mail below: privacy officer hsn, inc. 1 hsn drive st. petersburg, florida 33729 privacy.officer@hsn.net your california privacy rights california residents : if you are a resident of california, in addition to the rights set forth above, you have the right to request information from us regarding the manner in which we share certain categories of personal information with third parties and the hsni companies for their direct marketing purposes. california law gives you the right to send us a request at a designated address to receive the following information: 1. the categories of information we disclosed to third parties for their direct marketing purposes during the preceding calendar year; 2. the names and addresses of the third parties that received that information; and 3. if the nature of the third party's business cannot be determined from their name, examples of the products or services marketed. we may provide this information in a standardized format that is not specific to you. the designated e-mail address for these requests is	privacy.officer@hsn.net. currently, our online services do not recognize automated browser signals regarding "do not track" instructions. if we develop this capability in the future, we will describe how we do so in the hsn privacy policy. please note that third parties may collect personal information about your online activities over time and across different websites when you use our online services or browse other websites. for more information about "do not track," please visit www.allaboutdnt.com. © 2007 - 2014 hsn, inc. all rights reserved. linked information: cookies : a cookie is a small text file that is stored on a user's computer or device for record keeping purposes. cookies can be either session cookies or persistent cookies. a session cookie expires when you close your browser and is used to make it easier for you to navigate our online services. a persistent cookie remains on your hard drive or device for an extended period of time. we may allow our authorized service providers to serve cookies from our online services to allow them to assist us in various activities, such as doing analysis and research on the effectiveness of our services, content, and advertising. you may delete or decline cookies by changing your browser settings. (click "help" in the toolbar of most browsers for instructions.) if you do so, some of the features and services of our online services may not function properly. we may allow third parties, including hsni companies, advertising companies, and ad networks, to display advertisements on our services. these companies may use tracking technologies, such as cookies, to collect information about users who view or interact with their advertisements. our services do not provide any personal information to these third parties, but they may collect information about where you, or others who are using your computer or device, saw and/or clicked on the advertisements they deliver, and possibly associate this information with your subsequent visits to the advertised websites. they also may combine this information with personal information they collect from you. the collection and use of that information is subject to the third party's privacy policy. this information allows them to deliver targeted advertisements and gauge their effectiveness. some of these third-party advertising companies may be advertising networks that are members of the network advertising initiative, which offers a single location to opt out of ad targeting from member companies (www.networkadvertising.org). web beacons : web beacons (also known as clear gifs, pixel tags, or web bugs) are tiny graphics with a unique identifier, similar in function to cookies, and are used to track the online movements of users or to access cookies. unlike cookies which are stored on the user's computer hard drive or device, web beacons are embedded invisibly on the web pages (or in e-mail) and are about the size of the period at the end of this sentence. web beacons may be used to deliver or communicate with cookies, to count users who have visited certain pages, and to understand usage patterns. we also may receive an anonymous identification number if you come to our online services from an online advertisement displayed on a third-party website. mobile services: we may also collect non-personal information from your mobile device if you have downloaded any of our mobile application(s). this information is generally used to help us deliver the most relevant information to you. examples of information that may be collected and used may include, but are not limited to, your geographic location, how you use our application(s), and information about the type of device you use. this information is sent to us as aggregate information, and is not traceable back to any individual and cannot be used to identify an individual. to opt out of sharing this information, such as location, please review the terms and conditions before you download the application, or you may review the settings on your mobile device or you may choose at any time to uninstall our application(s) from your mobile device. trending now! best seller 2015 ms70 anacs fdoi le silver eagle dollar coin 5-star review wicked whoopies 9-count regular and 8-count junior whoopie pies - fall flavors most favorited 2015 ms70 anacs fdoi le silver eagle dollar coin best seller 2015 pr70 anacs fdoi le 8195 silver eagle dollar coin 5-star review david's 2 lbs. chocolate-enrobed brownies in red tin most favorited philips airfryer with recipe booklet and mealeasy offer best seller huggable hangers® set of 20pk pant and/or skirt clips 5-star review violife slim ultra sonic toothbrush 3-pack with cases most favorited joy & iman 22-section genuine leather handbag & watch best seller professor amos 48 fl. oz. superfast drain cleaner 2pk 5-star review signature club a argan oil day cream spf 25 most favorited improvements multi-use storage bag flexpay. get it now. pay it off later why pay full purchase price today when you can pay over time? flexpay is a free and easy way to divide your purchase into monthly payments with your debit or credit card. get it home now, pay it off later. yes, it's that easy. shop now get your game on only the hsn arcade lets you play games & earn tickets for a chance to win exclusive merchandise while watching hsn streaming live in hd. watch. shop. play! arcade because everyday is worth celebrating at midnight every night, we toast to a today's special on our biggest and best brands it's our best value of the day! shop now how can we help? call or email us anytime... really! 1-800-284-5757 email facebook twitter faqs let us help frequently asked questions contact hsn recall information give us your feedback get to know us about hsn careers affiliate program partner program show hosts hsn cares shop with hsn brands gift cards hsn outlet site index mobile our policies returns & exchanges privacy policy security policy community guidelines conditions of use ip closed captioning watch hsn tv shop by remote channel finder program guide hsn cards see offers and apply pay your bill mycardextras hsn social and community visit hsn community, forums and blogs sign up for email & save 15% sign up manage communication preferences copyright © 2014/hsn, inc. all rights reserved. hsn and hsn.com are registered trademarks of hsni, llc, u.s. patent no. 7,752,083, u.s. patent no. 7,756,758 other hsni sites: ballard designs how to decorate frontgate garnet hill grandin road chasing fireflies improvements travelsmith partner sites: expedia teleflora gifts hotels hotwire pronto shoebuy ticketmaster for the best hsn.com shopping experience, please update your browser. we recommend internet explorer 9 or above, chrome, or firefox... ? why upgrade? click one of these icons to update now: