来源URL: https://web.archive.org/web/20151231084306/http://www.hsn.com/faqs/list?query=returns
================================================================================

hsn we use javascript to create the most functional website possible for our customers. javascript enables you to fully navigate and make a purchase on our site. if disabled the content or the functionality of the website can be limited or unavailable. please enable javascript in your browser for the best possible experience. thank you! recently aired order status 0 account sign in / register watch arcade community search close today's special ends in: fashion close shoes close jewelry close beauty close health & fitness close home close kitchen & food close electronics close football fan close crafts & sewing close gifts close clearance close meet joy mangano the inventor that inspired the movie joy last day! free shipping on clearance purchases over $75 watch jimmy buffett live in concert tonight at 9pm et customer service categories faq home account & orders returns & refunds shipping payment hsn credit cards contacts hsn tv product info & services promotions & coupons technical assistance company information contact hsn email find an answer search returns how do i return an item? at hsn, returns are easy! it's so easy, here's all you need to know: apply the label that came on your packing slip to the outside of the package, covering the original label. determine the designated return method from the top portion of your easy...... what is your return policy? 30-day satisfaction guarantee! we stand by every product we sell and we want you to be completely satisfied with the purchase you make, but we understand that sometimes an item just needs to be returned. if any hsn purchase does not meet your...... how do i print an easy return label and packing slip? you can print an easy return label and packing slip on hsn.com for most purchases that are within the return timeframe.to print an easy return label with the packing slip on hsn.com: 1. sign into your account by selecting "sign in / register" from...... when should i expect to receive credit for my return? we typically process returns within 3 business days after we receive the item. once we have received and processed your return, we will credit your refund to your original method of payment or, if you chose, to spendable ka$h: credit/debit card -...... what is vip easy returns? vip easy returns equals no worry shopping! here's how it works: 1. use your hsn card for any vip easy return eligible item. 2. if you decide to return the item, use the easy return label provided. 3. an amount equal to the easy return charge will be...... how do i return an item i received as a gift? items purchased from hsn and hsn.com, which you receive as a gift, can be returned for spendable ka$h (in-store credit) , which can be used to purchase items online or from our tv broadcast. to process your gift return or exchange please contact our...... can i ship back/return more than one item together? in order for us to process your return expeditiously and ensure a swift refund, we recommend that you do not return items from different orders together. however, any items that were shipped together can be returned together in the same box. click here...... can auto-ship® orders be returned? yes. hsn's 30-day satisfaction guaranteed return policy applies to each and every order, whether it's the first or the fifteenth shipment. important note: returning your first auto-ship® order or two consecutive auto-ship® orders will cancel your...... what is the extended return policy during christmas in july? shopping is more fun with extended returns! send us your returns through january… yay!receive extended returns on all items airing during the christmas in july event, on wednesday, july 15th! purchase any item airing during our christmas in july event,...... how can i check the status of a return? you can check the status of your return on hsn.com or by calling customer service at 800-933-2887 (8am -1am et). check return status on hsn.com to determine if your return has been received, sign into your account by selecting "sign in/register"...... how do i track my easy returns? to track the delivery of an item you returned to hsn using the easy return label, you will need the tracking number from the easy return label.sign into your account by selecting "sign in/register"" from the top of any page on hsn.com and enter your...... what is your holiday return policy for 2015? send us your returns through january… yay! under hsn's holiday extended returns policy, you can return items ordered from october 2 through december 21 and receive a full refund on the original form of payment minus shipping costs until january 31,...... how will i be reimbursed for my return? once your return is received and processed, we will credit your refund to your original method of payment or, if you choose, to hsn spendable ka$h (in-store credit). credit/debit card - refund is issued immediately, however it may take several days for...... returning apple products (ipad, iphone, ipod, and macbook) with all of apple's ios systems (including the newest ios8 version), when a customer signs into a device with their apple id the activation lock and find my iphone/device should be disabled before returning. if a customer decides to return that item,...... what happens to the flexpayments when i return an item? if you return an item that was purchased on flexpay while outstanding installments are pending, the future installments are canceled and the amount already paid is refunded to your credit or debit card once the item is received back in our warehouse. ... how do i exchange an item? if your item arrived damaged, defective or maybe you received the wrong item entirely, we'll take care of it! even if you simply want a different size or color, you can exchange an item online or by calling us, at no additional cost within 30 days of...... how can i track my order? use our online tracking service to stay on top of your orders and follow your package from our place to yours. you can access the status of your order including tracking details by clicking the "order status" option at the top of every hsn.com page. the...... martino cartier/bersheart warranty information martino cartier hair tools are covered under their manufacturer's 1-year limited warranty for exchanges on defective tools only. to complete an exchange, please send in the defective item with the warranty card found in the box. please note there is a...... using speech recognition on the hsn automated phone system you can simply speak your request into our automated phone system and it will respond to your commands. below is a brief overview of how to navigate our speech-enabled self-service interactive voice response (ivr) system. you will be greeted with the...... how do i locate ka$h details on my hsn account? locating ka$h details a new ka$h details page has been added to hsn.com giving you the ability to see details for all available ka$h including the reason the ka$h was issued, the amount and the expiration date. once the you have signed into your account...... how can i check the status of my order? desktop mobile order status description desktop to view the status of your order, sign into your account by selecting "order status" from the top of any page on hsn.com and enter your email address or phone number and password. the preview...... how can i view my order history? you can easily view your order history from a desktop computer or mobile device. desktop you can view information for all orders that you have placed in the past year on hsn.com. to view your order history, sign into your account by selecting "sign...... what is bonus buy? hsn selects certain items within its inventory for a special discount. you'll be charged the full amount for the first eligible item you purchase. then receive a discounted price on the bonus buy item. the eligible items must be in the same order and...... hp instant ink frequently asked questions how does hp instant ink work? when you sign up for an hp instant ink plan, you pay a monthly fee to print a defined number of pages per month. the plans are based on the number of pages that you print, not on how many ink cartridges you use. your...... dyson recall: am04 and am05 heaters dyson is voluntarily recalling all their am04 and am05 heaters that sold before april 1, 2014. of a million heaters sold worldwide, dyson knows of 82 machines that have short-circuited, including four reports of heaters with burned and melted internal...... who should i contact with questions or concerns about my jay king jewelry? contact hsn if the item was purchased within hsn's 30-day return policy. when the item is past the hsn 30-day in-home guarantee you may contact jay king directly (see instructions below). package the item needing repair adequately and include a note...... what is a gift receipt? gift receipts when you check the box to include a gift receipt, we won't print the prices on the packing slip in the order. if the gift recipient needs to return or exchange the item, they'll find instructions on the back of the packing slip -- or they...... how do i remove my email address from your mailing list? there are two easy ways to manage the emails and text messages that you receive from hsn! managing email notifications on hsn.com 1. sign into your account by selecting "sign in/register" from the top of any page on hsn.com and enter your...... how do i purchase a hsn gift card or an egift card? the gift they won't return! hsn gift cards and egift cards are available in $25, $50, $75 and $100 values. your gift card is delivered by us mail to you or directly to another recipient. gift cards come with an internal envelope and card carrier with a...... purchasing items that are "sold out" or "out of stock?" when an item is "out of stock" or "sold out" hsn is currently out of inventory of this product. unfortunately we cannot notifiy you of when a specific item will be back on air. however, you can sign up to be notified when a particular guest or product...... what is spendable ka$h? spendable ka$h is a special hsn credit earned through promotions and item returns you can use for orders placed online or by phone. it can be applied to your entire purchase amount, including shipping, on your order review page during checkout. to find...... hsn company information ... how can i participate in the hsn community and arcade? the hsn community is where you can connect with fellow savvy shoppers, hosts and guests! just follow the steps below and you're on your way to joining the conversation on our forums, blogs, and tv chat (on hsn mobile). as a community member, you can...... how do i review or rate a product i purchased? there's no place like hsn because we care about your opinion! we encourage everyone to submit product reviews for all hsn purchases. both negative and positive product reviews are welcome and are posted to hsn.com uncensored. by using the product and...... no! no! 8800 series - frequently asked questions what is new about the no!no! 8800 series? the no!no! 8800 series has these new features: adjustable levels for a personalized, comfortable beauty treatment. status screen: thermicon™ tip status - so you know exactly when to replace the thermicon™ tip...... can i be notified when a product will be back on air? due to the ever-changing nature of our business, we are unable to notifiy you when a particular product will be back on-air. however, you can sign up to be notified when a particular guest or product line will be airing. to do so, sign into your account...... hp pavilion amd a10 how-to guides for information on how to use certain applications and features of the hp pavilion 17.3" led amd quad-core, 8gb ram 1tb hdd windows 8.1 laptop with software and lifetime support (item #426802) please refer to these how-to guides. gesture control how-to...... zink happy inkless printer zink happy™ is the first product in a new category of devices called smart app printers™ from zink imaging. smart app printers are mobile, app-based, wireless and feature the zink® zero ink® printing technology. smart app printers allow you to create...... storesmart faq & how-to our partners at storesmart (fortheages) have shared some helpful information and a youtube link that may help answer some common questions regarding the storesmart. please see below for frequently asked questions and visit the link or click on the video...... trending now! best seller 2016 ms70 anacs fdoi le silver eagle dollar coin 5-star review sporto® waterproof suede tall boot with tassel lace up most favorited 2016 ms70 anacs fdoi le silver eagle dollar coin best seller bose® soundtrue™ around-ear headphones 5-star review origami folding kitchen island cart with casters most favorited origami 4-drawer storage cart with wood top best seller ready to wear scandalous lashes 5-star review beats studio wireless® noise-canceling headphones most favorited debbie meyer geniusrack set of 2 storage racks best seller polti vaporetto easy plus handheld steam cleaner 5-star review razor a2 kick scooter most favorited joy & iman genuine leather hollywood glamour handbag limited time $20 off - apply now for the hsn card and enjoy instant savings flexpay. get it now. pay it off later why pay full purchase price today when you can pay over time? flexpay is a free and easy way to divide your purchase into monthly payments with your debit or credit card. get it home now, pay it off later. yes, it's that easy. shop now get your game on only the hsn arcade lets you play games & earn tickets for a chance to win exclusive merchandise while watching hsn streaming live in hd. watch. shop. play! arcade because everyday is worth celebrating at midnight every night, we toast to a today's special on our biggest and best brands it's our best value of the day! shop now ship ship hooray! free shipping on thousands of favorites we know you’ll love shop now how can we help? call or email us anytime... really! 1-800-284-5757 email facebook twitter faqs let us help frequently asked questions contact hsn recall information give us your feedback get to know us about hsn careers affiliate program american dreams: submit your idea show hosts hsn cares shop with hsn brands gift cards hsn outlet site index mobile our policies returns & exchanges privacy policy security policy community guidelines conditions of use ip closed captioning watch hsn tv shop by remote channel finder program guide hsn2 hsn card apply now see offers pay your bill hsn social and community visit hsn community, forums and blogs sign up for email & save 15% sign up manage communication preferences copyright © 2015/hsn, inc. all rights reserved. hsn and hsn.com are registered trademarks of hsni, llc, u.s. patent no. 7,752,083, u.s. patent no. 7,756,758 other hsni sites: ballard designs how to decorate frontgate garnet hill grandin road chasing fireflies improvements travelsmith for the best hsn.com shopping experience, please update your browser. we recommend internet explorer 9 or above, chrome, or firefox... ? why upgrade? click one of these icons to update now: