来源URL: https://web.archive.org/web/20151231100316/http://www.designtoscano.com/category/customer+service/faq.do
================================================================================

faq - customer service - design toscano 1-800-525-5141 my account order tracking customer service shopping cart 0 $0.00 your shopping cart is empty. all sale furniture almost gone just reduced weekly specials new decor statue collection painting gallery wall art tabletop accents accent furniture asian gallery african gallery american gallery classical gallery egyptian gallery modern gallery religious gallery animal gallery nude gallery sale & values animals fairies angels mermaids gnomes nudes classic celtic french decor art deco african asian tropical nautical americana christian art sports greek and roman comtemporary & modern halloween decor lovers cherubs wiccan witches sexy tempresses skulls and skeletons music new wall decor wall sculptures outdoor wall decor framed art vintage advertising clearance tin signs mirrors wall shelves sconces masks stained glass armor and swords tapestries new furniture chairs benches and sofas pedestals and columns tables desks consoles shelves and etageres bars and bar carts sculptural furniture outdoor furniture new accents & gifts ties apparel & accessories jewelry watches candle holders lighting clocks boxes and urns foundry iron banks bar and pubs gifts chess sets model ships bathroom accessories door decor desk accessories walking sticks outdoor decor address markers wind vanes memorials pet markers christmas ornaments extraordinary gifts new indoor statues grande classic statues classic statues angel and cherub statues fantasy statuary medieval and gothic statues small religious statues romantic statues sports statues african statues asian statuary chinese porcelain statues americana statues art deco statues egyptian statues fun & novelty statues bronzes & other metals bonded marble statues new garden statues classic garden statues fountains bronze garden statues animal statues statues of children angels and cherubs fantasy statues gargoyle and dragons greenman statues religious asian statues contemporary garden extraordinary statues garden benches urns, plinths & columns weathervanes popular themes  ·  egyptian  ·  dragon & gargoyle  ·  medieval & gothic  ·  clearance  ·  new arrivals  ·  holiday  ·  sale about us privacy and security returns and exchanges ordering and payment shipping information faq contact us terms of use trade program frequently asked questions click on one of the questions below to see its answer. business to business 1. how can i start my trade/business account with you? 2. what kinds of business-to-business partnership do you have? catalog development department 1. do catalog discounts apply to online orders? 2. how long does a catalog take to arrive at my house? customer services 1. do you customize any products for individual customers? 2. do you offer any type of payment plans? 3. do you offer different sizes for the poster art? 4. how can i contact a customer specialist? 5. how do i care for my outdoor products? purchasing department 1. can customers order products that are not in the catalog? 2. i want an item from a previous catalog. can i still order it? return and exchange 1. do i need a return form in order to return items? 2. how long is a return/exchange valid for? 3. what is your return and refund policy? 4. who pays for reshipping costs on an exchange? shipping & payment information 1. any express delivery services? 2 .do you charge taxes? 3. how much should i pay for shipping? 4. what is freight delivery? 5. what is your standard delivery time? security & privacy 1. how do i know if a website is secure? 2. is my credit card information secure? 3. what does this "warning" window that comes up in the ordering process really mean? how can i start my trade/business account with you? answer: if you are interested in applying for our trade program, please provide the following information: on your business letterhead include purchaser information, along with your name, address and phone number(s) and email address of the contact person for the account; and your business license and/or resale sales tax i.d. certificate imprinted with your company's tax i.d. number on it. if your business has tax exempt status in il please call 847-952-0100 ext. 301 to receive your tax exempt status before placing an order. once we receive your information, and it is approved, we will assign you a customer account with trade status and the trade department will contact you either by phone, email or fax with your account number and information regarding trade pricing. you may send this information via fax 1-847-952-8992 or email: trade@designtoscano.com or mail your information to: design toscano attn: trade department 1400 morse avenue elk grove village, il 60007 if you have questions please contact us at: trade@designtoscano.com or fax us at 1-847-952-8992 or call 1-847-952-0100, and request to speak with the trade department. all of the content on our websites, including, but not limited to, all of the page headers, images, illustrations, graphics and text, are subject to trademark, copyright and/or other intellectual property rights or licenses held by design toscano. all content on www.designtoscano.com is copyrighted as a collective work under u.s. copyright laws. ↑ return what kinds of business-to-business partnerships do you have? answer: we offer the opportunity to set up a trade account with us. retail resellers interior designers churches custom projects restaurants/banquet facilities volume purchasers web-based retailers landscaping/garden centers zoos schools residential & commercial developers hotels/conventions renaissance faire dealers corporate gifts corporate office design museums movies and theatre custom statuary (materials: resin, marble and bronze) please see section on starting a trade/business account. ↑ return do catalog discounts apply to online orders? answer: yes, discounts from the catalog do apply to online orders. ↑ return how long does a catalog take to arrive at my house? answer: when you request a catalog, whether it is from www.designtoscano.com or from our toll free number 1-800-525-5141, it should arrive within 2 weeks. ↑ return do you customize any products for individual customers? answer: if an item can be customized, it will be stated in the item's description. ↑ return do you offer any type of payment plans? answer: we currently do not offer any payment plans. ↑ return do you offer different sizes for the poster art? answer: poster art typically is often in a variety of sizes. any available sizes will be stated in the item description. ↑ return how can i contact a customer specialist? answer: customer specialists can be reached 7 days a week: monday--friday 7:00 a.m.--10:00 p.m. (cst) saturday 8:00 a.m.--6:00 p.m. (cst) sunday 10:00 a.m.--6:00 p.m. (cst) call 1-800-525-5141 to speak with a representative. how do i care for my outdoor products? answer: a pdf of winter care instructions for design toscano outdoor products can be downloaded here. ↑ return are other products available that have not been shown in our catalog? answer: we do have a selection of product that are only shown on our website and have not been advertised in one of our many catalogs. if there is an item you are interested in that we do not offer share your ideas with our product development group at: comments@designtoscano.com, and we will definitely take it into consideration. if we do offer the product you are asking for, we will notify you through email. ↑ return i want an item from a previous catalog. can i still order it? answer: you can order most items from previous catalogs as long as they are still available. check for availability by entering the product number in the search box (located on the top of each page.) if your search does not turn up the product you are looking for, email us with as much information regarding the product as you can to: customerservice@designtoscano.com. or contact us at 1-800-525-5141 and we will try and find it for you. ↑ return do i need a return form in order to return items? answer: no, but using the return form will help to speed up the return process. a return form (located on the back of your packing slip) should have come with the item when it was shipped. if you do not have a packing slip, please provide us with your name, address, phone number, and instructions regarding the return on a sheet of paper and enclose with the return. repack items carefully in the original packing materials and enclose your information. for your protection, returned packages must be insured for the value of your merchandise. send to: design toscano 1400 morse avenue elk grove village, il 60007 ↑ return how long is a return/exchange valid for? answer: if for any reason you are not satisfied with your purchase, please return it within 60 days for a refund or exchange. ↑ return what is your return and refund policy? answer: if for any reason you are not satisfied with your purchase, please return it within 60 days for a refund or exchange. please note that you are responsible for the safe return of merchandise and for all shipping costs. shipping charges are non-refundable unless the return is the result of our error. once an item is shipped, we are unable to cancel the order, and shipping charges are not refundable. customized and personalized items are non-refundable. to return an item: please follow the instructions on the back of the packing slip. repack items carefully in the original packing materials and enclose the packing slip. for your protection, returned packages must be insured for the value of your merchandise. send to: design toscano 1400 morse avenue elk grove village, il 60007 if you paid by check or money order we will issue a refund check. if you paid with a credit card, we will credit your credit card account. ↑ return who pays for reshipping costs on an exchange? answer: the customer is responsible for all shipping charges, unless the exchange is a result of our error. ↑ return any express delivery services? answer: rush delivery (2-3 business days) for an additional charge we can ship most in-stock items via rush delivery (2-3 business days for delivery).please contact us for a ship quote at shipping@designtoscano.com or call us at 1-800-525-5141.orders must be quoted and approved by 2:00 p.m. cst to ship that day (subject to credit card approval). overnight delivery for an additional shipping charge we can ship most in-stock items overnight. (orders placed on friday will not arrive until the following monday)please contact us for a ship quote at shipping@designtoscano.com or call us at 1-800-525-5141.orders must be quoted and approved by 2:00 p.m. cst to ship that day (subject to credit card approval). ↑ return do you charge taxes? answer: we are required to collect tax for shipments into the state of illinois at the rate of 9%. taxes are calculated for each shipping address total. for non-profit tax exempt organizations in illinois, please call 847-952-0100 ext. 301 to receive your tax exempt status before placing an order. ↑ return how much should i pay for shipping? answer: click here to view shipping and handling charges. ↑ return what is freight delivery? answer: freight delivery some large, heavy or bulky items require delivery by truck/motor freight. those items are marked with the truck icon. additional shipping charges may be required and are indicated in (parentheses) after the retail price. these charges are in addition to out regular shipping / handling charges. all truck/motor freight deliveries are to the first door of the building only. delivery service is available monday - friday during normal business hours. delivery times are generally scheduled within a 4-hour window. the carrier will contact you directly to schedule an appointment, so please provide us with a daytime phone number. need a hand? white glove service available for an additional charge. design toscano’s white glove service will bring your new treasure inside, unpack it, and remove packaging materials. call customer service at 1-800-525-1233 or email us at customerservice@designtoscano.com for a quote. ↑ return what is your standard delivery time? answer: in-stock items we ship the product directly from our warehouse. most items ship by ups and will arrive within 5-7 business days from the shipment date. rush delivery (2-3 business days) for an additional charge we can ship most in-stock items via rush delivery (2-3 business days for delivery).please contact us for a ship quote at shipping@designtoscano.com or call us at 1-800-525-5141.orders must be quoted and approved by 2:00 p.m. cst to ship that day (subject to credit card approval). overnight delivery for an additional shipping charge we can ship most in-stock items overnight. (orders placed on friday will not arrive until the following monday)please contact us for a ship quote at shipping@designtoscano.com or call us at 1-800-525-5141.orders must be quoted and approved by 2:00 p.m. cst to ship that day (subject to credit card approval). direct shipped/drop shipped items takes 2-4 weeks. our manufacture creates the products for you and ships directly to your home. backorder items if an item(s) is on backorder, an expected due date to our warehouse is shown for the item. if ordering by phone, your telephone representative will provide that information; you will also be notified by mail if your item(s) is backordered for more than 30 days. to obtain an update on a backorder status, please email us at customerservice@designtoscano.com or call 1-800-525-5141. ↑ return how do i know if a website is secure? answer: when buying something on the internet, there are three things to be certain of: 1. the data you send is strongly encrypted. 2. the site you're doing business with is the correct site. 3. the site you're doing business with processes your credit card and address information in a safe and responsible manner. points 1 and 2 are taken care of by ssl (secure sockets layer), the industry standard security protocol that the design toscano site uses to communicate with secure browsers like netscape and internet explorer. when communicating with a secure server like ours, these browsers encrypt the information you send in a way that is extremely difficult for anyone else to decode. (you don't have to know whether your browser supports secure transactions--if it doesn't, you won't be able to complete the checkout process.) many security experts say the most important thing is what happens once the merchant receives your order. ↑ return is my credit card information secure? answer: we have taken many steps to ensure the security of your transactions. some of them involve adopting industry standards. (for example, the secure connection between your browser and sensitive portions of our site uses industry standard encryption.) some of them are exclusive to us. (for example, we employ an outside company to build extra firewalls of all our customer databases.) at design toscano we use the godaddy ssl web server certificate. this ensures that your information sent to our web server is encrypted and scrambled, making it secure. ↑ return what does this "warning" window that comes up in the ordering process really mean? answer: on some browsers, this window can be a bit intimidating. but it simply means that you're entering the safest, most secure area of our website. this is reassuring because credit card transactions take place here. going from secure mode to insecure mode, you'll likely receive another similar alert message, in order to make sure you know what's taking place. ↑ return join design toscano's email list gain access to exclusive sales, new product previews, gift ideas & more customer serviceabout us contact us our guarantee ordering & payments returns & exchanges privacy & security terms of use trade programshopping linkssite map find wish list gift certificates affiliate program featured artistsfollow us © 2015 design toscano   1.800.525.5141