来源URL: https://web.archive.org/web/20181213150513/https://www.designtoscano.com/category/customer+service/faq.do
================================================================================

faq - customer service - design toscano login new shopper checkout as guest login register save cart save cart cancel login new shopper welcome back! we have noticed you already have an account. we have found a marketlive account that matches your email address. enter your marketlive password to connect. register with an email address and password. email address password re-enter password select a recovery question what is your city of birth? what is your mother's maiden name? what is your father's first name? what is your pet's name? what is the year you were born? enter answer sign me up for design toscano email updates about exclusive sales, new products and special offers! login with an email address and password. email address checkout - let's get started 1 what is your email address? enter your email to receive your order confirmation password password 2 do you have a design toscano account? no, checkout as guest yes, i have password password password forgot? forgot password? your personal marketlive data will not be shared with marketlive will not share your account information with marketlive will not share your purchase history with marketlive will not attempt to contact your personal contacts on your connection to this website is secure. visit our virtual tent sale! >> search shop log in stores contact us 1-800-525-5141 order tracking 0 shopping cart $0.00 your shopping cart is empty. garden décor test new garden statues test best sellers garden statues animal statues aquatic statues birds statues boisterous bear statues classic animal statues dog & cat statues farm animal statues forest animal statues grand-scale animal statues mythological animal statues prehistoric statues wild animal statues zoo animal statues angel & cherub statues children garden statues gargoyle & dragon statues dragon statues gargoyle statues fantasy figures & statues fairy garden statues garden gnome statues mermaid garden statues outdoor creature garden statues sale fantasy garden statues religious statues for the garden asian religious statues christian statues sale religious garden statues test1 greenman sculptures asian statues classical statues & sculptures contemporary garden statues bronze statues for the garden bronze angels & religious statues bronze animal statues bronze aquatic statues bronze asian statues bronze bird statues bronze children statues bronze classic statues bronze dragon and gargoyle statues bronze fairy & mermaid statues bronze fountains bronze horse & deer statues bronze modern statues bronze pumps for fountains bronze sale statues bronze wall decor fountains animal fountains asian & tropical fountains bowls & cascading fountains bronze piped pond spitters classical fountains contemporary fountains natural garden fountains pumps & accessories resin piped pond spitters sculptural fountains tabletop fountains wall & corner fountains memorials urns, planters, plinths, columns test2 garden furniture test2 outdoor wall decor bird bath fountains & feeders weathervanes & garden stakes sale garden statues home décor new home decorations & decor home décor best sellers unique wall decor all wall décor framed art masks mirrors stained glass tapestries wall clocks wall sculptures door knockers indoor statues desk & tabletop statues large scale statues home accents bathroom accessories desk accessories clocks bar accents vases & urns decorative eggs & trinket boxes unique lamps & light fixtures chandeliers candle holders desk & table lamps floor lamps sconces other home decor and more model ships walking sticks chess sets foundry iron banks fashion accessories discount home decor - sale furniture chris new furniture best sellers furniture tables animal tables classic accent tables dining tables egyptian tables glass top accent tables medieval and gothic tables novelty tables outdoor accent tables chairs contemporary chairs dining chairs egyptian chairs footstools gothic & medieval chairs sculptural chairs side chairs throne chairs upholstered oversized chairs bars and bar carts consoles benches and sofas classic benches and sofas egyptian benches and sofas modern benches and sofas sale benches and sofas chris1 desks shelves and etageres pedestals and columns sculptural furniture outdoor furniture sale furniture furniture blowout basil street new basil street best sellers basil street wall art & painting gallery painting gallery wall sculptures sculpture gallery home accents gallery lighting gallery classical gallery furniture gallery sale basil street dragon & gargoyle new dragon & gargoyle best sellers dragon & gargoyle dragon furniture dragon gifts dragon home accents dragon statues and fountains dragon wall decor gargoyle home accents gargoyle gifts gargoyle statues gargoyle wall decor sale dragon & gargoyle medieval & gothic decor new medieval & gothic gothic gallery gothic gifts gothic indoor statues gothic outdoor statues gothic temptresses gothic wall decor medieval & gothic bestsellers medieval & gothic desk accessories medieval & gothic furniture medieval & gothic jewelry medieval & gothic sale medieval collectibles medieval home decor medieval gifts medieval indoor statues medieval outdoor statues medieval wall decor medieval swords & armor egyptian new egyptian egyptian best sellers egyptian furniture egyptian statuary egyptian grand-scale statues egyptian home decor egyptian wall decor sale egyptian themes mare1 african new african african accessories african framed art african furniture african indoor statues african outdoor statues african wall decor mare2 americana american framed art american statues american wall decor native american statues native american wall decor mare angels new angels angels dark angel framed art angel gifts angel indoor statues angel outdoor statues angel wall decor animal décor all animal décor new animal décor bestselling animal décor garden décor home décor furniture large scale animal statues sale animal décor art deco art deco statues art deco home accents art deco wall decor art deco jewelry asian new asian asian indoor statues asian garden statues asian wall decor asian furniture asian accessories celtic new celtic celtic crosses celtic home decor celtic wall decor celtic gifts cherubs new cherubs indoor cherub statues cherub wall decor cherub gifts cherub framed art outdoor cherub statues christian home decor new christian art christian garden statues christian wall decor christian indoor statues christian framed art indoor angel statues angel wall decor outdoor angel statues classic new classic classic indoor statues classic outdoor statues classic wall decor classic framed art classic furniture classic accents coastal model boats nautical decor coastal wall art contemporary & modern fairies new fairies fairy gifts fairy framed art fairy indoor statues fairy outdoor statues fairy wall decor unique father's day gifts french decor french advertising french framed art french furniture french gifts french home accents french photographic prints french statues french tapestries french wall decor gnomes greek and roman new greek & roman columns & pedestals furniture indoor statues outdoor statues wall decor halloween home decor & decorations skulls and skeletons reapers, zombies, and tombstones witches, ravens, and bats traditional halloween decor haunting wall decor medieval & gothic decor new arrivals non-traditional halloween dragon & gargoyle decor lovers mermaids mermaid framed art mermaid gifts mermaid indoor statues mermaid outdoor statues mermaid wall decor mother's day music nudes skulls and skeletons skymall best sellers sports fishing golf steampunk sexy temptresses the patriotic spirit tiki statues & tropical outdoor decor tropical animals, birds, & fish tropical fountains tropical gifts tropical indoor decor tropical mermaids tropical outdoor decor tropical tiki gods & decor tropical wall decor wiccan witches holiday & gifts nancy christmas décor & ornaments christmas décor christmas ornaments valentine's day easter nancy1 gift for the collector gifts for the garden gifts that hang gifts for her gifts for him nancy2 pub & bar gifts religious gifts gift yourself bestselling gifts trending gifts last minute gifts new arrivals! sale all sale angels & fairies garden statues indoor statues home accents furniture wall decor jewelry and gifts dragon and gargoyle medieval and gothic egyptian vita v weekly specials tent sale garden décor home décor furniture holiday décor egyptian · dragon & gargoyle · medieval & gothic home customer service faq frequently asked questions click on one of the questions below to see its answer. customer service do you customize any products for individual customers? how do i care for my outdoor statues and fountains in the winter? how do i care for my bronze statue? how do i hang my wall sculpture and why doesn’t my item come with mounting hardware? how can i contact a customer specialist? shipping & payment information what is the standard delivery time? do you have express delivery service? how much will i pay for shipping? what is freight delivery? do you offer any type of payment plans? do you charge sales tax? returns and exchanges what is your return and refund policy? what do i do if my order arrives damaged? who pays for reshipping costs on an exchange? do i need a return form in order to return items? how long is a return/exchange valid for? business-to-business what kinds of business-to-business partnerships do you have? how can i start my trade/business account with you? catalogs how long does a catalog take to arrive at my house? do catalog discounts apply to online orders? i want an item from a previous catalog. can i still order it? can customers order products that are not in the catalog? security & privacy how do i know if your website is secure? is my credit card information secure? what does this "warning" window that comes up in the ordering process really mean? do you customize products for individual customers? answer: if an item can be customized, it will be stated in the item's description. ↑ return how do i care for my outdoor statues and fountains in the winter? answer: a pdf of winter care instructions for design toscano outdoor products can be found and downloaded here. ↑ return how do i care for my bronze statue? answer: a pdf of bronze care and cleaning can be found and downloaded here. ↑ return how do i hang my wall sculpture and why doesn’t my item come with mounting hardware? answer: appropriate mounting hardware will depend on the surface you mounting to (ie drywall, brick, stone, plaster, etc.). consult your local hardware or home improvement store for the best hardware for your application. a pdf of wall hanging instructions can be found and downloaded here. ↑ return how can i contact a customer specialist? answer: customer specialists can be reached 7 days a week: monday through friday: 8:00 a.m. — 6:00 p.m. (cst) saturday: 8:30 a.m. — 5:00 p.m. (cst) sunday: 10:00 a.m. — 6:00 p.m. (cst) call 1-800-525-5141 to speak with a representative. ↑ return what is the standard delivery time? answer: standard delivery in stock items we ship product directly from our warehouse. most items ship via ups or usps and will arrive within 5-7 business days of the shipment date.our standard carriers require a street address. items ordered together do not always arrive together. all standard delivery changes will be applied to the first of multiple shipments. standard delivery items will only be billed upon shipment. shipping/handling charges apply to each additional delivery destination. see above for standard shipping & handling fees. backorder items if an item(s) is on backorder, an expected due date to our warehouse is shown for the item. if ordering by phone, your customer service representative will provide that information to you; you will also be notified by mail if your item(s) is backordered for more than 30 days. to obtain an update on a backorder status, please email us at customerservice@designtoscano.com, or call 1-800-525-5141. freight delivery some large, heavy or bulky items require delivery by truck/motor freight. those items are marked with the truck icon. some heavy or oversized items may require additional shipping/handling charges. this amount is indicated in (parentheses) next to the item price and is in addition to our regular shipping charges. delivery available monday – friday, during normal business hours, to the 48 contiguous united states only. all truck/motor freight deliveries are to the first door of the building only. delivery times are generally scheduled within a 4-hour window. the carrier will contact you directly to schedule an appointment, so please provide us with a daytime phone number. direct shipped items some larger statuary items and framed art are "direct or drop shipped" to you by our manufacturers, so additional delivery time is required. please allow 2-5 weeks for delivery. ↑ return any express delivery services? answer: rush delivery (2-3 business days) for an additional shipping charge we can ship most in-stock items via rush delivery (2-3 business days for delivery). please contact us for a ship quote at 1-800-525-5141. orders must be quoted and approved by 1:00 p.m. (cst) to ship that day (subject to credit card approval). overnight delivery for an additional shipping charge we can ship most in-stock items via overnight delivery (orders placed on friday will not arrive until the following monday). please contact us for a ship quote at 1-800-525-5141. orders must be quoted and approved by 1:00 p.m. (cst) to ship that day (subject to credit card approval). ↑ return how much will i pay for shipping? answer: click here to view shipping and handling charges. ↑ return what is freight delivery? answer: freight delivery some large, heavy or bulky items require delivery by truck/motor freight. those items are marked with the truck icon. some heavy or oversized items may require additional shipping/handling charges. this amount is indicated in (parentheses) next to the item price and is in addition to our regular shipping charges. need a hand? white glove service is available for an additional charge. design toscano’s white glove service will bring your new treasure inside, unpack it, and remove packaging materials. call customer service at 1-800-525-5141 or email us at customerservice@designtoscano.com for a quote. ↑ return do you offer any type of payment plans? answer: we currently do not offer any payment plans. ↑ return do you charge sales tax? answer: we are required to collect sales tax for shipments into the following states: state of california at a rate of 7.5% state of illinois at a rate of 10% state of kentucky at a rate of 6% state of new jersey at a rate of 7% state of utah at a rate of 7.1% taxes are calculated for each ship-to address total. for non-profit tax exempt organizations, please call 847-952-0100 ext. 301 to receive your tax exempt status before placing an order. ↑ return what is your return and refund policy? answer: if you are not satisfied with your purchase, it must be returned within 60 days in order to receive a refund or exchange. please note that you are responsible for the safe return of merchandise and for all shipping costs. shipping charges are non-refundable unless the return is the result of our error. once an item is shipped, we are unable to cancel the order. shipping and handling charges are not refundable if shipment is refused. customized and personalized items are non-refundable. to return an item: please follow the instructions on the back of the packing slip. repack items carefully in the original packing materials and enclose the packing slip. for your protection, returned packages must be insured for the value of your merchandise. send to: design toscano 1400 morse avenue elk grove village, il 60007 if you paid by check or money order we will issue a refund check. if you paid with a credit card, we will credit your credit card account. ↑ return what do i do if my order arrives damaged? answer: if an item is received damaged, please notify our customer service team toll free at 1-800-525-5141 within 24 hours so that a claim can be processed.please hold the original carton and damaged merchandise for inspection; otherwise no claim, replacement or refund can be honored. ↑ return who pays for reshipping costs on an exchange? answer: the customer is responsible for all shipping charges, unless the exchange is a result of our error. ↑ return do i need a return authorization form in order to return items? answer: no, but using the return authorization form will help to speed up the return process. a return authorization form (located on the back of your packing slip) should have come with the item when it was shipped. if you do not have a packing slip, please provide us with your name, address, phone number, and instructions regarding the return on a sheet of paper and enclose with the return. please include your order number. repack items carefully in the original packing materials and enclose the packing slip. for your protection, returned packages must be insured for the value of your merchandise. send to: design toscano 1400 morse avenue elk grove village, il 60007 if you paid by check or money order we will issue a refund check. if you paid with a credit card, we will credit your credit card account. ↑ return how long is a return/exchange valid for? answer: if for any reason you are not satisfied with your purchase, please return it within 60 days for a refund or exchange. ↑ return what kinds of business-to-business partnerships do you have? answer: toscano trade clients include thousands of businesses from over 30 countries. the list below includes the types of trade customers who have partnered with us: web-based retailers retail resellers interior designers churches custom projects restaurants/banquet facilities hotels/conventions volume purchasers landscaping/garden centers zoos schools residential & commercial developers renaissance faire dealers corporate gifts corporate office design museums movies and theatre custom statuary (materials: resin, marble and bronze) please see the section below on starting a trade/business account. ↑ return how can i start a trade/business account with you? answer: if you are interested in applying for our trade program, please provide the following information: on your business letterhead include purchaser information, along with your name, address and phone number(s) and email address of the contact person for the account; and your business license and/or resale sales tax i.d. certificate imprinted with your company's tax i.d. number on it. if your business has tax exempt status, please call 847-952-0100 ext. 301 to receive your tax exempt status before placing an order. once we receive your information, and it is approved, we will assign you a customer account with trade status and the trade department will contact you either by phone, email or fax with your account number and information regarding trade pricing. you may send this information via email trade@designtoscano.com or fax 1-847-952-8992 or mail your information to: design toscano attn: trade department 1400 morse avenue elk grove village, il 60007 if you have questions please contact us at trade@designtoscano.com or fax us at 1-847-952-8992 or call 1-847-952-0100, and request to speak with the trade department. all of the content on our websites, including, but not limited to, all of the page headers, images, illustrations, graphics and text, are subject to trademark, copyright and/or other intellectual property rights or licenses held by design toscano. all content on www.designtoscano.com is copyrighted as a collective work under u.s. copyright laws. ↑ return how long does a catalog take to arrive at my house? answer: when you request a catalog, whether it is from www.designtoscano.com or from our toll free number 1-800-525-5141, it should arrive within 2 weeks. ↑ return do catalog discounts apply to online orders? answer: yes, discounts from the catalog do apply to online orders. use your priority code in the pink box on the back of your catalog at checkout to receive the discount. ↑ return i want an item from a previous catalog. can i still order it? answer: you can order most items from previous catalogs as long as they are still available on our website. check for availability by entering the product number in the search box (located on the top of each page.) if your search does not turn up the product you are looking for, email us with as much information regarding the product as you can to:customerservice@designtoscano.com. or contact us at 1-800-525-5141 and we will try and find it for you. ↑ return are other products available that have not been shown in our catalog? answer: we have an extensive selection of products, some of which can only be found online and some that were previously featured in one of our catalogs. please be sure to browse our website periodically as items are frequently added. design toscano is pleased to offer you one of the most diverse and comprehensive collection of statues and sculptural décor in the nation. ↑ return how do i know if a website is secure? answer: when buying something on the internet, there are three things to be certain of: 1. the data you send is strongly encrypted. 2. the site you're doing business with is the correct site. 3. the site you're doing business with processes your credit card and address information in a safe and responsible manner. points 1 and 2 are taken care of by ssl (secure sockets layer), the industry standard security protocol that the design toscano site uses to communicate with secure browsers like internet explorer, chrome, and safari. when communicating with a secure server like ours, these browsers encrypt the information you send in a way that is extremely difficult for anyone else to decode. (you don't have to know whether your browser supports secure transactions--if it doesn't, you won't be able to complete the checkout process.) many security experts say the most important thing is what happens once the merchant receives your order. ↑ return is my credit card information secure? answer: we have taken many steps to ensure the security of your transactions. some of them involve adopting industry standards. (for example, the secure connection between your browser and sensitive portions of our site uses industry standard encryption.) some of them are exclusive to us. (for example, we employ an outside company to build extra firewalls of all our customer databases.) at design toscano we use a ssl web server certificate. this ensures that your information sent to our web server is encrypted and scrambled, making it secure. ↑ return what does this "warning" window that comes up in the ordering process really mean? answer: on some browsers, this window can be a bit intimidating. but it simply means that you're entering the safest, most secure area of our website. this is reassuring because credit card transactions take place here. going from secure mode to insecure mode, you'll likely receive another similar alert message, in order to make sure you know what's taking place. ↑ return be the first to see our newest products, get exclusive sales & coupons!get toscano email today! sign up for exclusive email offers: submit connect with us: 800-525-5141 customer service about us contact us satisfaction guarantee ordering & payments shipping information returns & exchanges trade program promotion details shopping links my account find wish list affiliate program featured artists site information site map terms of use privacy policy customer service my account privacy policy terms of use ©2019 design toscano the form is unavailable at this time, please try again later. reload be the first to see our newest products, get exclusive sales & coupons!get toscano email today!