来源URL: https://web.archive.org/web/20191228013157/https://www.designtoscano.com/category/customer+service/privacy+and+security.do
================================================================================

privacy and security - customer service - design toscano login new shopper checkout as guest login register save cart save cart cancel login new shopper welcome back! we have noticed you already have an account. we have found a marketlive account that matches your email address. enter your marketlive password to connect. register with an email address and password. email address password re-enter password select a recovery question what is your city of birth? what is your mother's maiden name? what is your father's first name? what is your pet's name? what is the year you were born? enter answer sign me up for design toscano email updates about exclusive sales, new products and special offers! login with an email address and password. email address checkout - let's get started 1 what is your email address? enter your email to receive your order confirmation password password 2 do you have a design toscano account? no, checkout as guest yes, i have password password password forgot? forgot password? your personal marketlive data will not be shared with marketlive will not share your account information with marketlive will not share your purchase history with marketlive will not attempt to contact your personal contacts on your connection to this website is secure. sign up for exclusive sales & coupons! >> search shop log in stores contact us 1-800-525-5141 order tracking 0 shopping cart $0.00 your shopping cart is empty. garden décor test new garden statues test best sellers garden statues animal statues african animal statues aquatic animal statues bird statues bear statues classic animal statues dog & cat statues farm animal statues reptile statues grand-scale animal statues dinosaur statues mythical animal statues woodland animal statues wild animal statues angel & cherub statues asian statues children garden statues fantasy figures & statues fairy garden statues garden gnome statues mermaid garden statues outdoor creature garden statues sale fantasy garden statues gargoyle & dragon statues dragon statues gargoyle statues greenman sculptures test1 religious statues for the garden asian religious statues christian statues sale religious garden statues classical statues & sculptures contemporary garden statues bronze statues for the garden bronze angels & religious statues bronze animal statues bronze aquatic statues bronze asian statues bronze bird statues bronze children statues bronze classic statues bronze dragon and gargoyle statues bronze fairy & mermaid statues bronze fountains bronze horse & deer statues bronze modern statues bronze pumps for fountains bronze sale statues fountains animal fountains asian & tropical fountains cascading fountains and bowls bronze piped pond spitters classical fountains contemporary fountains natural garden fountains pumps & accessories resin piped pond spitters sculptural fountains tabletop fountains wall & corner fountains memorials urns, planters, plinths, columns test2 garden furniture test2 outdoor wall decor bird bath fountains & feeders garden stakes & weathervanes sale garden statues home décor new home decorations & decor home décor best sellers indoor statues desk & tabletop statues large scale statues home accents bathroom accessories desk accessories clocks bar accents vases & urns decorative eggs & trinket boxes unique wall décor masks mirrors stained glass tapestries wall clocks wall sculptures door knockers paintings & framed art unique lamps & light fixtures chandeliers candle holders desk & table lamps floor lamps sconces other home decor and more model ships walking sticks chess sets foundry iron banks fashion accessories discount home decor - sale furniture chris new furniture best sellers furniture tables animal tables classic accent tables dining tables egyptian tables glass top accent tables medieval and gothic tables novelty tables outdoor accent tables chairs contemporary chairs dining chairs egyptian chairs footstools gothic & medieval chairs sculptural chairs side chairs throne chairs upholstered oversized chairs ottomans & stools bars and bar carts consoles benches and sofas classic benches and sofas egyptian benches and sofas modern benches and sofas sale benches and sofas chris1 desks shelves, etageres and cabinets pedestals and columns sculptural furniture outdoor furniture sale furniture furniture sale: online blowout basil street new basil street best sellers basil street wall art & painting gallery painting gallery wall sculptures sculpture gallery home accents gallery lighting gallery classical gallery furniture gallery sale basil street dragon & gargoyle new dragon & gargoyle best sellers dragon & gargoyle dragon furniture dragon gifts dragon home accents dragon statues and fountains dragon wall art & décor gargoyle home accents gargoyle gifts gargoyle statues gargoyle wall decor sale dragon & gargoyle medieval & gothic décor new medieval & gothic gothic gallery gothic gifts gothic indoor statues gothic outdoor statues gothic temptresses gothic wall decor medieval & gothic bestsellers medieval & gothic desk accessories medieval & gothic furniture medieval & gothic jewelry medieval & gothic sale medieval collectibles medieval home decor medieval gifts medieval indoor statues medieval outdoor statues medieval wall decor medieval swords & armor egyptian new egyptian egyptian best sellers egyptian furniture egyptian statuary egyptian grand-scale statues egyptian home decor egyptian wall decor sale egyptian themes mare1 african décor new african african accessories african framed art african furniture african indoor statues african outdoor statues african wall decor mare2 americana american framed art american statues american wall decor native american statues native american wall decor mare angel figurines & sculptures new angels angels dark angel framed art angel gifts angel indoor statues angel outdoor statues angel wall decor animal décor new animal décor bestselling animal décor animal outdoor décor animal home décor animal furniture large life size animal statues sale animal décor art deco & nouveau art deco statues art deco home accents art deco wall decor art deco jewelry asian new asian asian indoor statues asian garden statues asian wall decor asian furniture asian accessories celtic & irish décor celtic crosses celtic home decor celtic wall decor celtic gifts cherubs new cherubs indoor cherub statues cherub wall decor cherub gifts cherub framed art outdoor cherub statues christian home decor new christian art christian garden statues christian wall decor christian indoor statues christian framed art indoor angel statues angel wall decor outdoor angel statues classic new classic classic indoor statues classic outdoor statues classic wall decor classic framed art classic furniture classic accents coastal model boats nautical decor coastal wall art contemporary & modern fairies new fairies fairy gifts fairy framed art fairy indoor statues fairy outdoor statues fairy wall decor unique father's day gifts french decor french advertising french framed art french furniture french gifts french home accents french photographic prints french statues french tapestries french wall decor garden gnomes greek god statues & roman sculptures new greek & roman columns & pedestals furniture indoor statues outdoor statues wall decor halloween home decor & decorations skulls & skeletons reapers, zombies & tombstones witches, ravens & cats vampires & bats traditional halloween decor haunting wall decor medieval & gothic decor new arrivals non-traditional halloween dragon & gargoyle decor lovers mermaids mermaid framed art mermaid gifts mermaid indoor statues mermaid outdoor statues mermaid wall decor mother's day music nude statues & sculptures skeletons décor sports fishing golf steampunk décor sexy temptresses the patriotic spirit tropical & tiki outdoor decor tropical animal statues tropical water fountains tropical themed gifts tropical home décor tropical mermaids tropical outdoor décor tropical tiki gods & décor tropical wall décor wiccan witches ufo & alien statues holiday & gifts nancy christmas décor & ornaments christmas décor christmas ornaments valentine's day easter nancy1 gift for the collector gifts for the garden gifts that hang gifts for her gifts for him nancy2 pub & bar gifts religious gifts gift yourself bestselling gifts trending gifts last minute gifts new arrivals! sale sidewalk sale garden decor home decor furniture all sale angels & fairies garden statues indoor statues home accents furniture wall decor jewelry and gifts dragon and gargoyle medieval and gothic egyptian vita v weekly specials egyptian · dragon & gargoyle · medieval & gothic home customer service privacy and security privacy & security important updates to design toscano’s policies we value your privacy and want you to understand the choices and control you have over your information on design toscano. to help explain those choices and give you that control, today we're announcing some changes to design toscano’s policies including our terms of use, privacy policy, and cookies & similar technologies policy. these changes will take effect for existing users of our services on may 25, 2018. we encourage you to review our policy. here are some of the highlights of what is changing: transparency: we have provided additional details about the information we collect and how we use that information. we have also explained your choices and the control you have over your information. gdpr: on may 25, 2018, a new european union (eu) data protection law, the general data protection regulation (gdpr), takes effect. the gdpr gives individuals in the eu more control over how their data is used and places certain obligations on businesses that process information of those individuals. we have updated our privacy policy to take into account the new requirements of the gdpr. functionality: depending on your location, we may provide you with the ability to access, download, and request deletion of your personal information. by continuing to use our services on or after may 25, 2018, you acknowledge our updated privacy policy and agree to the rest of the updated house rules. feel free to contact customerservice@designtoscano.com if you have any questions. thank you for being a part of the design toscano community. at design toscano, we care deeply about privacy. we believe in transparency, and we’re committed to being upfront about our privacy practices, including how we treat your personal information. we know you care about your privacy too, so we provide settings that allow you to choose how certain information is used by design toscano. this policy explains our privacy practices for designtoscano.com ("site"). when you purchase from design toscano, inc., order a catalog or register to be a preferred customer, we only collect the information that you provide us: name, address, email, credit card and any other data we need to complete your order or catalog request and ensure that any marketing communications are tailored to your particular interests and lifestyle. registration is optional, so you choose whether or not we store your information to make future shopping experiences more convenient. when you order from our catalog or online store, your name becomes part of our customer database. from time-to-time we do share our postal mailing lists with carefully screened companies. if you do not want your name and address shared with these companies, please go to my account / my information and uncheck the box that gives us permission to share your mailing address. 1. highlights this section sets out a few highlights of our privacy policy. you can read design toscano’s full privacy policy below. information collected or received to use the services, you will need to provide a valid email address. depending on the services that you choose to use, we may collect additional information, for example: billing or payment information, a telephone number, and a physical address. please note that for security and performance reasons, such content may need to be accessed by certain design toscano personnel from time to time. we may also collect information about your use of the services for advertising, analytics, to serve content and to protect the services, including your ip address, browser information (including referrers), device information (such as ios idfa, idfv, android aaid, and, when enabled by you, coarse and fine geographical information provided by your device). other people may see any ratings, reviews, and related photos for items you purchased if you have chosen to share that information on the website. you may optionally choose to provide and publicly display your full name and other personal information such as age, gender, location (city and state), number of reviews, and your written review. we use technologies such as cookies, clear gifs, and log files for several purposes, including to help understand how you interact with the site and the services, in order to provide a better experience, and for marketing and advertising. for more information about cookies, analytics, and similar technologies, see our cookies & similar technologies policy. design toscano and its partners use cookies or similar technologies to analyze trends, administer the services, track users’ movements around the site, including across devices, and to gather demographic information about our user base as a whole. you can control the use of cookies at the individual browser level, but if you choose to disable cookies, it may limit your use of certain features or functions on the site or through the services. see our cookies & similar technologies policy. uses and sharing we use the information that we gather from users in a number of ways. for example, if you purchase an item, we’ll share your shipping information with our shipping partners to deliver your package; we could use your social media and on-site suggestions to improve our site and services; we use data analytics and work with certain third-party service providers to ensure site functionality, to improve the site, and for targeted online and offline advertising and marketing; and of course, we use your email address to communicate with you. we also partner with service providers and other third parties that collect, use, promote, and analyze information about design toscano customers and visitors. design toscano will not sell or disclose your personal information to third parties without your consent, except as specified in our privacy policy. choices you may review and change your information in your account settings, and you may remove certain optional pieces of information. you may also control the receipt of certain types of communications from design toscano through our preference center. we partner with third parties to manage our advertising on other sites. our third-party partners may use cookies or similar technologies in order to provide you with advertising based upon your browsing activities and interests. although design toscano does not currently respond to “do not track” browser headers, you may opt out of online behavioral ads provided by third-party partners through this link: http://www.aboutads.info/choices/ or via the network advertising initiative at http://optout.networkadvertising.org. you also may limit certain tracking by disabling cookies in your web browser. for more information about managing cookies, see our cookies & similar technologies policy. you may also opt-out of interest-based advertising on an ios or android device by selecting the “limit ad tracking” option in the settings of ios or android-based devices. note that this does not prevent you from seeing advertisements, but limits use of device-advertising identifiers to personalize ads to your interests. information if you have an unresolved privacy or data use concern that we have not addressed satisfactorily, please contact our u.s.-based third party dispute resolution provider (free of charge) at https://feedback-form.truste.com/watchdog/request. as described below, we’ll communicate when we make changes to our privacy policy. 2. information collected or received in order to order from our catalog or checkout on the site, you need to provide us with a valid name, physical address, email address, and phone number to be able to contact you. you need to provide this information to enable us to provide you merchandise purchased from the site. you are not required to provide us with this information to sign up, but we will need it to ship an order to you. for example, we need a physical postal address if you are buying something on the site for delivery. we may need to store credit card information (or arrange for it to be stored) and use it for billing purposes. this data will only be used internally by design toscano, unless otherwise specified. the name associated with your account, which you may review and change in your account settings, is connected to your design toscano sales history. design toscano automatically receives and records information from your browser or your mobile device when you visit the site, such as your ip address or unique device identifier, cookies and data about which pages you visit in order to allow us to operate. this information is stored in log files and is collected automatically. we may combine this information from your browser or your mobile device with other information that we or our partners collect about you, including across devices. this information is used to provide advertising and a more personalized experience for customers and visitors. for more information about online tracking tools and how we use them, see our cookies & similar technologies policy or “information uses, sharing, & disclosure” section below. we automatically collect device-specific information when you access or use the site. this information may include information such as the hardware model, operating system information, browser information, ip address, and device identifiers. we may also determine location by using other data from your device, such as precise location information from gps, information about wireless networks or cell towers near your mobile device, information you provide in your profile, or your ip address. we may use and store information about your location to provide features and to improve and customize the services, for example, with more relevant content, ads, and recommendations. if you have consented to share your device location details but would no longer like to continue sharing that information with us, you may revoke your consent to the sharing of that information through the settings on your mobile device. if you have consented to the collection of your location-based information, we use that information in order to understand, customize, and improve marketing and advertising. we will only share your geo-location details with third parties (like our mapping or advertising providers) to better target our marketing campaigns to all users. this data is not labeled with your specific name or other personal identity. some customers or visitors may choose to connect to design toscano using an external third-party application, such as facebook. design toscano may receive data from those connected third-party applications. we may use that information as part of providing the services to you. you can also choose to share some of your activity on design toscano’s facebook or other social media pages. this data could be used on the site as user generated content. design toscano may receive or obtain information (for example, an email address or ip address) about a person who is not yet a registered design toscano customer. this can happen when a user chooses to subscribe to a design toscano newsletter/email program, a customer invites a non-customer to visit the site, a customer ships an order such as a gift (of gift certificate) to non-customer, or when a non-customer uses the guest checkout feature when making a purchase. non-customer information is used only for the purposes disclosed when it was submitted to design toscano or to facilitate action authorized by the non-customer. a non-customer can contact customerservice@designtoscano.com if they do not want design toscano to retain their information. 3. choice & control we know that customers of our community value having control over their own information, so design toscano gives you choices about how we contact you. design toscano may send you messages about products, content, sales, promotions, and more to you based on your activity. some of these messages are required, service-related messages for customers (such as transactional messages or legal notices). other messages are not required, such as newsletters. you can control which optional messages you choose to receive by changing your account settings. if you no longer wish to receive service-related messages, then you may close your account. contact customerservice@designtoscano.com to learn how to close your account. 4. findability when you order from our catalog or online store, your name becomes part of our customer database. from time-to-time we do share our postal mailing lists with carefully screened companies. if you do not want your name and address shared with these companies, please go to my account / my information and uncheck the box that gives us permission to share your mailing address. we do not retain the login information for your email service. we also do not allow other users to access your account information or to locate you personally when utilizing user generated content. 5. messages from design toscano on occasion, design toscano may need to contact you. primarily, these messages are delivered by letter, phone, or email. design toscano may need to contact you by telephone to provide customer support or for transaction-related purposes if you give us permission to call you. additionally, and with your consent, design toscano may send you an sms (or similar) message or physical mail in order to provide you with customer support or to provide you with information about products and features that you may find of interest. you may update your contact preferences in your account settings. some messages from design toscano are service-related and necessary for customers and guest checkout users. you agree that design toscano can send you non-marketing emails or messages, such as those related to transactions, your account, security, or product changes. examples of service-related messages include an email address confirmation/welcome email when you register your account, notification of an order, service availability, modification of key features or functions, and correspondence with design toscano’s support team. when you register for an account, sign up for a catalog, or provide us with your email address or phone number such as for a guest checkout purchase or to subscribe to a newsletter, you agree to receive marketing emails and messages from us. you can unsubscribe at any time from marketing emails through the opt-out link included in marketing emails or messages. customers may also control some marketing emails or messages through their account settings as well as through the opt-out link included in marketing emails or messages. 6. community be aware that any personal information that you choose to submit on social media pages or on our website for user generated content (reviews, images of the merchandise, etc.) can be read, collected, or used by others, or could be used to send unsolicited messages to you. another design toscano customer may follow your activity on our social media pages such as pinterest.  design toscano generally does not remove content from community spaces, and your posts may remain public after your account is closed. you are responsible for the personal information that you choose to post in community spaces through the services. 7. information uses, sharing & disclosure we respect your privacy. design toscano will not disclose your name, email address or other personal information to third parties without your consent, except as specified in this policy. we rely on three separate and overlapping bases to process your personal information lawfully. first, it’s necessary for us to process your personal information in certain ways in order to provide the services to you, in accordance with a contract between you and us, namely, our terms of use. second, where you have given us valid consent to use your data in certain ways, we will rely on your consent. third, as described in more detail below in the section titled “legitimate interests”, in certain cases we may process your information where necessary to further design toscano's legitimate interests, where those legitimate interests are not overridden by your rights or interests. we use your information to provide and improve the services and our products, for billing and payments, for identification and authentication, for targeted online and offline marketing, to contact customers or interested parties, and for general research and aggregate reporting. we may learn the sorts of products that you’re interested in from your browsing and purchasing behavior on (and off) the site and suggest potential purchases as a result. as part of this, we may work with advertising partners such as facebook or google. by making a sale or a purchase on design toscano, you are directing us to share your information in this way. design toscano may release your personal information to a third party in the following limited circumstances: in response to lawful requests by public authorities, including to meet legitimate national security or law enforcement requirements; to protect, establish, or exercise our legal rights or defend against legal claims, including to collect a debt; to comply with a subpoena, court order, legal process, or other legal requirement; or when we believe in good faith that such disclosure is necessary to comply with the law, prevent imminent physical harm or financial loss, or investigate, prevent, or take action regarding illegal activities, suspected fraud, threats to our property, or violations of design toscano's terms of use. if design toscano receives a lawful, verified request for a customer’s records or information in one of the limited circumstances described in the previous paragraph, design toscano may disclose personal information, which may include, but may not be limited to,  name, address, phone number, and email address. design toscano may share demographic information with business partners, but it will always be aggregated and de-personalized, so that personally-identifiable information is not revealed. design toscano also needs to engage third-party companies and individuals (such as payment processors, research companies, and analytics and security providers) to help us operate. these third parties have only limited access to your information, may use your information only to perform these tasks on our behalf, and are obligated to design toscano not to disclose or use your information for other purposes. in some cases, design toscano may choose to buy or sell assets. such transactions may be necessary and in our legitimate interests. in these types of transactions (such as a sale, merger, liquidation, receivership, or transfer of all or substantially all of design toscano’s assets), customer information is typically one of the business assets that is transferred. if design toscano intends to transfer information about you, design toscano will notify you by email or by putting a prominent notice on the site, and you will be afforded an opportunity to opt out before information about you becomes subject to a different privacy policy. third-party plug-ins also may collect information about your use of the site. for example, when you load a page on design toscano that has a social plug-in from a third-party site or service, such as a “like” or “send” button, you are also loading content from that third-party site. that site may request cookies directly from your browser. these interactions are subject to the privacy policy of the third-party site. in addition, certain cookies and other tracking mechanisms on the site are used by third parties for targeted online marketing and other purposes. these technologies allow a partner to recognize your computer or mobile device each time you use the services, but do not allow access to personal information from design toscano. please be aware that when you use third-party sites or services, their own terms and privacy policies will govern your use of those sites or services. while design toscano provides you with access to these third-party technologies, design toscano does not have control over the actual functionality of these third-party technologies, and they are subject to that third party's privacy policy and design toscano's privacy policy. for more information, see our cookies & similar technologies policy. we use non-technically necessary cookies and similar technologies only with your consent. if you prefer to prevent third parties from setting and accessing cookies on your computer, you may set your browser to block cookies. you may also opt out of the use of cookies by google analytics here. additionally, you may remove yourself from the interest-based advertising of companies participating in the digital advertising alliance program by opting out here (or, if you are located in the european union, click here) and via the network advertising initiative by clicking here. although the site currently does not respond to “do not track” browser headers, you can limit tracking by taking these steps. on an ios or android device, you can restrict interest-based advertising by selecting “limit ad tracking” in the ios settings or android settings of each respective type of device. note that while this limits interest-based advertising, it does not prevent you from receiving advertising at all. we can speak only for ourselves; this policy does not apply to the practices of third parties that design toscano does not own or control or individuals that design toscano does not employ or manage. if you provide your information to others, different practices may apply to the use or disclosure of the information that you provide to them. design toscano does not control the privacy policies of third parties, including other design toscano customers. design toscano is not responsible for the privacy or security practices of design toscano customers or other websites on the internet, even those linked to or from the site. we encourage you to ask questions before you disclose your personal information to others. 8. data transfers design toscano operates a global business and may share some of the information it gathers design toscano affiliates for purposes described in this privacy policy, including for transaction reviews, and payment processing. the united states, european economic area (“eea”) customer states, and other countries all have different laws. when your data is moved from your home country to another country, the laws and rules that protect your personal information in the country to which your information is transferred may be different from those in the country in which you live. for example, the circumstances in which law enforcement can access personal information may vary from country to country. in particular, if your data is in the us, it may be accessed by government authorities in accordance with us law. to the extent that design toscano is deemed to transfer personal information outside of the eea, we rely separately, alternatively, and independently on the following legal bases to transfer your information: model clauses the european commission has adopted standard data protection clauses (also known as model clauses) which provide safeguards for personal information that is transferred outside of europe. necessary for the performance of the contract between design toscano and its customers design toscano is a business; you can choose whether or not you want to shop at design toscano. however, if you want to do engage with design toscano, you need to agree to our terms of use, which set out the contract between design toscano and its customers. as we operate in countries worldwide (including in the us) and use technical infrastructure in the us to deliver the services to you, in accordance with the contract between us, we need to transfer your personal information to the us and to other jurisdictions as necessary to provide the services. simply put, we can’t provide you with the services without moving your data around the world. consent as a design toscano customer, you must consent to the transfer of your personal data abroad, including to the us and other jurisdictions, to provide you with the services and generally to process your information in accordance with this policy. as noted above, we simply can’t provide the services to you if you do not consent to this. 9. legitimate interests design toscano relies on several legitimate interests in using and sharing your personal information. these interests include: improving and customizing the site and marketing services; understanding how the site is being used; exploring and unlocking ways to develop and grow our business; obtaining insights into usage patterns of the site; ensuring the safety and security of the site; and enhancing our customers’ protection against spam, harassment, ip infringement, crime, and security risks of all kind. 10. security the security of your personal information is important to us. we follow generally accepted standards to protect the personal information submitted to us, both during transmission and after it is received. your account information is protected by a password. it is important that you protect against unauthorized access to your account and information by choosing your password carefully and by keeping your password and computer secure, such as by signing out after using the services. if you have any questions about the security of your personal information, you can contact us at customerservice@designtoscano.com. design toscano encrypts certain information (such as credit card numbers) using secure socket layer technology (ssl). design toscano follows generally accepted industry standards to protect the personal information submitted to us, both during transmission and after it is received. unfortunately, no method of transmission over the internet or method of electronic storage is 100% secure. 11. data retention design toscano will retain your information only for as long as is necessary for the purposes set out in this policy, for as long as your account is active (i.e., for the lifetime of your design toscano customer account), or as needed to provide the services to you. if you no longer want design toscano to use your information to provide the services to you, you may close your account. design toscano will retain and use your information to the extent necessary to comply with our legal obligations (for example, if we are required to retain your information to comply with applicable tax/revenue laws), resolve disputes, and enforce our agreements. please note that closing your account may not free up your email address and username for reuse on a new account. we also retain log files for internal analysis purposes. these log files are generally retained for a brief period of time, except in cases where they are used for site safety and security, to improve site functionality, or we are legally obligated to retain them for longer time periods. 12. your rights if you would like to manage, change, limit, or delete your personal information, you can do so via your design toscano account settings or by contacting us. upon request, design toscano will provide you with information about whether we hold any of your personal information. by visiting your account settings, you can access, correct, change, and delete certain personal information associated with your account. in certain cases where we process your information, you may also have a right to restrict or limit the ways in which we use your personal information. in certain circumstances, you also have the right to object to the processing of your personal information, to request the deletion of your personal information, and to obtain a copy of your personal information in an easily accessible format. if you need further assistance, you can contact design toscano through one of the channels listed below under “contact design toscano.” we will respond to your request within a reasonable timeframe. 13. withdrawing consent you have the right to withdraw your consent to our processing of your information and your use of the services. you can do this at any time by closing your account through your account settings and then emailing legal@designtoscano.com to request that your personal information be deleted. if you withdraw your consent to the use or sharing of your personal information for the purposes set out in this policy, you may not have access to all (or any) of the services, and we might not be able to provide you all (or any) of the services. please note that, in certain cases, we may continue to process your information after you have withdrawn consent and requested that we delete your information, if we have a legal basis to do so. for example, we may retain certain information if we need to do so to comply with an independent legal obligation, or if it is necessary to do so to pursue our legitimate interest in keeping the services safe and secure. 14. privacy policy changes we may amend or update this policy from time to time. if we believe that the changes are material, we’ll let you know by doing one (or more) of the following: (1) posting the changes on or through the site, or (2) sending you an email or message about the changes. we will also give you the opportunity to consent to these changes. that way you can decide whether you want to continue using the services. changes will be effective upon the posting of the changes and your acceptance of the changes, which may be through your continued use of the services after the changes take effect. 15. contact design toscano if you have questions or suggestions about personal information you can contact design toscano’s support team by sending an email to customerservice@designtoscano.com, or by writing to us at the following addresses: design toscano 1400 moorse avenue elk grove village, il 60007 last updated: may 2018 be the first to see our newest products, get exclusive sales & coupons!get toscano email today! sign up for exclusive email offers: submit connect with us: 800-525-5141 customer service about us contact us satisfaction guarantee ordering & payments shipping information returns & exchanges trade program promotion details shopping links my account find wish list affiliate program shop by artist site information site map terms of use privacy policy customer service my account privacy policy terms of use ©2019 design toscano the form is unavailable at this time, please try again later. reload be the first to see our newest products, get exclusive sales & coupons!get toscano email today!