来源URL: https://web.archive.org/web/20221226143529/https://www.designtoscano.com/pages/privacy-policy
================================================================================

privacy policy - customer service - design toscano accessibility information skip to main content skip to primary navigation get exclusive sales & coupons! sign up today! 1.800.525.5141 contact us mobile navigation contact us your account sign in / order status cart image/svg+xml search go close account your account your orders your wish list garden home furniture themes holiday & gifts gothic egyptian basil street easter gifts new sale don't miss the toscano tent sale! enjoy 25% off select best sellers with code tentsale at checkout! home customer service privacy and security facet filters privacy policy privacy policy - customer service - design toscano our company about design toscano contact us trade program affiliate partners privacy & security gift certificate meet our president career privacy & security important updates to design toscano's policies we care deeply about your privacy. we believe in transparency, and are committed to being upfront about our privacy practices, including how we treat your personal information. we know you care about your privacy too, so we provide settings that allow you to choose how design toscano uses certain information. this policy explains our privacy practices for designtoscano.com ("website"). please find below details of how we use your information and why we collect it. we collect information within these three main categories: 1) information you provide us. 2) information we automatically collect from your use of our website. 3) information we collect from third parties. we use the information you provide us in a variety of ways. what we do with your information depends on when we collect it and how we collect it. below are details on the ways we may use information. category 1: types of information you could provide us: 1) your name & contact information: (i.e., first and last name, email address, mailing address, phone number). 2) password: not visible to anyone on our team. password is encrypted & stored so you can access your account. 3) your payment information: (i.e., credit/debit card number, security/cvv code, and expiration date). this information is encrypted and not stored. 4) your communications history with customer care: (i.e., service call recordings, customer care emails, customer care interactions with social media channels). 5) miscellaneous information: (i.e.,product reviews, participation in promotions, and other user-generated content). when we use the information that we collect from you: what we collect & how we use it: account registration (email address) we need your email address to create your account. this information is also necessary to fulfill an order you place with us. accept payment, fulfill orders, provide refunds. we use your name and physical mailing address to fulfill and deliver your orders, and we use your payment information to process payments. sending you follow-up information on your order. we need your email address to deliver important account information to you, such as order confirmations, order updates, or trouble processing orders. sending you a catalog. we use your postal address to send you catalogs if,1) you have purchased with us and have not opted out of our direct mail. 2) have requested a catalog through our catalog sign-up. training & quality assurance for customer care. we may use the information you provide to train our customer care staff or improve our customer services. marketing & advertising if you are subscribed to our email program, we may:1) use your past purchase history to deliver personalized emails that are more relevant to your interests.2) use certain tools to capture data related to when you open our message, click on any links or banners it contains and make purchases. we use this information to deliver emails to you that are more relevant to your interests. category 2: types of information we automatically collect from your use of the website: 1) purchase history & saved items: (i.e., items you bought, items you placed or saved to cart) ) device information: (i.e., how you've interacted with the website, ip address, device information, cookie data, and page/product views or clicks). 3) location data: (i.e., ip address or mobile gps information). 4) cookies & similar technologies: (i.e., pixels, web beacons, tags). when we use the information that we collect from you: what we collect & how we use it: to provide customer service and process returns we use your purchase history to help you request returns or refunds. to personalize your experience while using the website. we may use your device or location information to show you merchandise categories that may be more relevant to you.we may serve you a different promotional code based on past purchase history and interests. training & quality assurance for customer care. we may use the information you provide to us to train our customer care staff and improve our customer care services. marketing & advertising we may use information automatically collected from your add-to-cart actions or saved items to deliver the most relevant advertising to you.for example, if you looked at a particular product on our site but did not purchase, we may remarket to you and show that product in an ad that may show up on an external site you are visiting like weather.com, cnn.com, etc. category 3: types of information we collect from third parties: 1) interest signals from third party data: (i.e., marketing information gathered from third party cookies) 2) surveys from third parties: (i.e., bizrate) when we use the information that we collect from you: what we collect & how we use it: marketing & advertising to provide relevant ads to your interests.for example, if we wanted to show our ads to potential customers who liked gardening-related facebook pages, we could use facebook’s third-party data to get our ads in front of this audience. bizrate surveys to understand website usability. we want to make sure you have the best experience on our website. we may administer and deliver surveys from third parties to understand your opinions and collect information relevant to our website from time to time. these surveys may be from third-party vendors like bizrate. when we share your information: 1) if you purchase an item, we will share your shipping information with our shipping partners to deliver your package. 2) we may share demographic information with business partners, but the information will always be aggregated and de-personalized so that personally identifiable information is not revealed. 3) other people may see any ratings, reviews, and related photos for items you purchased if you have chosen to share that information on the website. 4) if you have consented to the collection of your location-based information on your mobile device, we use that information to understand, customize, and improve marketing and advertising. we will only share your geo-location details with third parties (like our mapping or advertising providers) to better personalize our marketing campaigns to be relevant for you. this data is not labeled with your specific name or other personal identities. 5) the content you choose to publicly share like posts or contest entries with design toscano's facebook or social media pages can be used on the website as user-generated content or potentially other marketing channels, including print. 6)	from time to time, we do share our postal mailing lists with carefully screened companies. if you do not want your name and address shared with these companies, please email, customerservice@designtoscano.com. or call us at 1-800-525-5141. 7) we share personal data with carefully selected third-party marketing partners that use data for marketing/commercial purposes. cookie policy effective date: 06-dec-2022 last updated: 06-dec-2022 what are cookies? this cookie policy explains what cookies are and how we use them, the types of cookies we use i.e, the information we collect using cookies and how that information is used, and how to manage the cookie settings. cookies are small text files that are used to store small pieces of information. they are stored on your device when the website is loaded on your browser. these cookies help us make the website function properly, make it more secure, provide better user experience, and understand how the website performs and to analyze what works and where it needs improvement. how do we use cookies? as most of the online services, our website uses first-party and third-party cookies for several purposes. first-party cookies are mostly necessary for the website to function the right way, and they do not collect any of your personally identifiable data. the third-party cookies used on our website are mainly for understanding how the website performs, how you interact with our website, keeping our services secure, providing advertisements that are relevant to you, and all in all providing you with a better and improved user experience and help speed up your future interactions with our website. types of cookies we use manage cookie preferences cookie settings you can change your cookie preferences any time by clicking the above button. this will let you revisit the cookie consent banner and change your preferences or withdraw your consent right away. in addition to this, different browsers provide different methods to block and delete cookies used by websites. you can change the settings of your browser to block/delete the cookies. listed below are the links to the support documents on how to manage and delete cookies from the major web browsers. chrome: https://support.google.com/accounts/answer/32050safari: https://support.apple.com/en-in/guide/safari/sfri11471/macfirefox: https://support.mozilla.org/en-us/kb/clear-cookies-and-site-data-firefox?redirectslug=delete-cookies-remove-info-websites-stored&redirectlocale=en-usinternet explorer: https://support.microsoft.com/en-us/topic/how-to-delete-cookie-files-in-internet-explorer-bca9446f-d873-78de-77ba-d42645fa52fcif you are using any other web browser, please visit your browser’s official support documents. email marketing: you can opt out of marketing or advertising emails by using the "unsubscribe" link you receive from us on designtoscano.com or through the link here. you may also request to opt out of marketing or advertising emails by contacting us through either email, customerservice@designtoscano.com, or call us at 1-800-525-5141. direct marketing: we may directly send you marketing communications and materials by post to keep you informed of new products, promotions and to provide other information we think may be of interest to you. if at any time you do not want to receive catalogs or print ads from us, you can remove yourself from our mailing lists by emailing us at customerservice@designtoscano.com or call us at 1-800-525-5141. please note that after receiving your request, you may still receive mailings from us that had been initiated prior to your name being removed. you may also consider your direct-mail opt-out options at https://www.dmachoice.org. please note that if you request that we stop sending you marketing messages, we will continue to send you administrative and service communications (such as order updates and other important or transactional information). ways to opt-out of cookies: you can prevent the use of cookies by changing the settings in your web browser so that 1) it does not accept new cookies, 2) it informs you about new cookies, or 3) it deletes all already received cookies. by deleting or disabling future cookies, your user experience may be impacted (such as storing items in your cart between visits, customizing your website experience, and making marketing messages more relevant). you may also "opt-out" of receiving some third-party interest-based advertisements by following the instructions at www.aboutads.info/choices or www.networkadvertising.org/choices. rights applicable to all customers: the following section applies to all customers. pursuant to laws like the california consumer privacy act of 2018 (“ccpa”) and laws enacted in other states, you have the following rights in relation to your personal information, subject to certain exceptions. 1) right to know and access: you have the right to know the categories and elements of personal information specific to you that we collected, used, disclosed for a business purpose, and sold about you during the preceding 12 months, including the categories of sources from which we acquired your information and the categories of third parties to whom we disclosed your information for a business purpose or sold your information. general information about the personal information we may collect, use, disclose and sell and the purposes of collection, use, and disclosure is outlined in sections 1-3 of this privacy policy. 2) right to request deletion: you have the right to request that the company delete any personal information we have collected from you or maintain about you, subject to certain exceptions. if you request that we delete your personal information, we will do so except to the extent we determine that we need the information for a business purpose and have a legal right to maintain it, in which case we will inform you of that legal exception. 3) how to exercise your rights to know, access, and request deletion: to assert your privacy rights under this policy, please email customerservice@designtoscano.com. or call us at 1-800-525-5141. if we cannot verify your identity from the information we have on file, we may request additional information from you, which we will only use to verify your identity, and for security or fraud-prevention purposes. 4) authorized agents: only you, or someone legally authorized to act on your behalf, may make a verifiable consumer request related to your personal information. for any agent requesting on your behalf, we may require you to provide proof that you authorized this agent to submit a request on your behalf or that he or she has power of attorney in connection with your request to know, access, or delete your personal information, and we may require you to independently verify your identity or log in to your account to provide the access code. 5) right to opt-out of sale of your personal information: to the extent that we receive monetary or other valuable consideration for sharing or providing access to information about you with our partners, third parties or affiliates in order to provide you rewards and benefits and for our targeted marketing purposes, the ccpa and other state laws may deem this a “sale” of your personal information. you have a right under this policy to opt-out of the “sale” of your personal information in this way. if you would like to exercise your right to opt-out of having your personal information shared in this way, please email customerservice@designtoscano.com. or call us at 1-800-525-5141. please note that to the extent you opt-out we may be unable to offer you some of our services that require such sharing of your personal information. 6)	right to non-discrimination: we will not discriminate against you for exercising any of your rights under this policy or under the law. we will not do any of the following because you request to know, access, or delete your information or opt-out of its sale: a.deny you goods or services. b. charge you different prices or rates for goods or services, including through granting discounts or other benefits, or imposing penalties. c. provide you a different level or quality of goods or services. d. suggest that you may receive a different price or rate for goods or services or a different level or quality of goods or services. rights applicable to eu users: 1)	access, correct, update or request deletion of your personal information at any time by contacting us via customerservice@designtoscano.com. or call us at 1-800-525-5141. 2)	object to processing of your personal information, ask us to restrict processing of your personal information or request portability of your personal information. 3)	withdraw your consent at any time if we have collected and processed your personal information with your consent. 4)	complain to a data protection authority about our collection and use of your personal information. for more information, please contact your local data protection authority. (contact details for data protection authorities in the european economic area, switzerland, and certain non-european countries (including us and canada) are available at https://edpb.europa.eu/about-edpb/board/members_en.) 5)	to exercise any of these rights, please email customerservice@designtoscano.com or call us at 1-800-525-5141. please note that these rights do not apply to you if you are not subject to eu law. children under 18: our website, services, and products are not directed to children, and we do not knowingly collect information from children under 18. if you are a parent or guardian and believe that we have information about your child, please contact us via customerservice@designtoscano.com. or call us at 1-800-525-5141. privacy policy changes: we may amend or update this policy from time to time. if we believe that the changes are material, we will let you know by doing one (or more) of the following: (1) posting the changes on or through the website, or (2) sending you an email or message about the changes. we will also give you the opportunity to consent to these changes. that way you can decide whether you want to continue using the services. changes will be effective upon posting the changes and your acceptance of the changes, which may be through your continued use of the services after the changes take effect. contact design toscano: if you have questions or suggestions about personal information, you can contact design toscano’s support team by sending an email to customerservice@designtoscano.com, or by writing to us at the following address: design toscano 1400 michael dr. suite a wood dale, il 60191 our company about design toscano contact us trade program affiliate partners privacy & security gift certificate meet our president career top of page our company about toscano contact us trade program affiliate partners privacy policy gift certificate meet our president career email dt customer service order tracking customer satisfaction ordering/payments return and exchange my account promo details shipping information terms of use privacy policy accessibility ©2023 design toscano 1-800-525-5141 design toscano resources shop by artist free catalog email signup blog accessibility terms of use connect with us at: sign up for exclusive email offers submit terms of use privacy policy accessibility ©2023 design toscano top of page