来源URL: https://web.archive.org/web/20151230181730/http://www.cafepress.com/cp/info/help/index.aspx?page=shipping.aspx
================================================================================

cafepress.com : customer service : shipping information cart & checkout help order status shop home currency: » i love fall» apple border» fleur de lis» merry & bright» fa la la la la» deck the halls!» christmas ornaments» four of a kind» say poker?» poker joker» take it» psychic» read the lines» palm reading» blank palm caption» welcome» safe from evil» hamsa» eye in hand» russian daisy» daisy floral» russia daisy» redwork daisy» peace lily» lily» easter blessings» lily» italian lily» easter lily» italy lily» lily» we are the champion...» tennis champions» tennis» tennis crest» we are the champion...» welcome to our pad» basketball champion...» basketball» basketball crest» nature is beauty» happy birthday amer...» america the beautif...» god bless america» pinwheels & sparkle...» water lily» water lily» lily pad» water lily» lily» welcome to my lily pad» popcorn» hot dogs» lemonade» vednor stand» fresh lemonade» when life gives you...» this girl is one» look whooooo is tur...» lily outline» when life gives you...» served lemonade» stargazer lily» easter lily» first birthday» love of lilies» lily of the valley» lily of the valley» sweetness & humility» our ladys tears» lily of the valley» finnish lily» sweet flowers» may lily» roses are red» prom queen» prom king» red rose» be a sweetle and wi...» aim to keep clean» a wiseman breathes ...» nighttime outhouse» summer days are her...» summer fun!» summer time» summer» first birthday!» birthday boy» birthday girl» first birthday» let's go anywhere b...» where am i?» not all who wander ...» outline roses» english girl» compass» gone camping» i'd rather be campi...» happy camper» camping tent» queen of the garden» i am proud to be an...» english rose» god bless america» happy 4th of july» fleur de lis pennan...» its a boy!» shake it» cry baby» blue rattle» love of baking» red stand mixer» baker & cookie» at your own risk» sweet baby boy» sweet baby girl» bundle of joy» chevron caption blank» high roller» poker night» im all in!» tree stump» poker chips» stumpy» save a tree» stumped» raining hearts» its raining love» loved by all» you fill my life» love you more!» love» cowgirl» chinese goat year» year of the horse» chinese horse head» love is all you need!» valentines love» early bird» chinese rooster yea...» year of the rooster» chinese rooster» hunny bunny» chinese rabbit year» year of the rabbit» chinese rabbit head» chinese tiger head» on the prowl!» year of the tiger» chinese tiger head» cabricorn» chinese goat year» year of the goat» chinese goat head» ham it up» chinese pig year» year of the pig» chinese pig head» ruff!» chinese dog year» year of the dog» chinese dog head» squeak!» chinese rat year» year of the rat» chinese mouse head» happy new year» chinese dragon year» year of the dragon» chinese dragon head» iris» cest si bon» fleur de lis» bearded iris» france iris» french iris» iris» redwork iris» blank caption doggy» love the earth» world in my hands» heart shaped world» local & organic» love the world» love teachers» love your mother» live love grow» my little pea in a pod» my little sweet pea...» pea in a pod» woof! woof!» i love dogs» puppy love» just married!» honeymooners» best dressed» bride & groom» dressed to impress» wedding couple» groom & bride» baby onesies» his & her» mr & miss» mustache & lips» girls weekend» summer» gone camping» camp scene» triple the fun» l'il duckling» toy duck» little one» let's roll!» it's a girl» special delivery» it's a boy» baby delivery» love baby» bundle of love» little love» baby love» happy mother's day ...» love» true love» life is best with a...» it's a boy!» washington cherries» it's a girl!» bring cherries» love baby» teddy balloon» zig zag heart» cherry outline» school's out for su...» summertime slush» cherry slushie» cherry drink» bring on the sun» ifiesta!» cinco de mayo» margarita» happy cinco de mayo» fiesta» hot'n spicy» spanish guitar» baby shoes» princess» it's a girl!» sunday best» me + you» happy valentine's day» sweethearts forever» me + you always» flower caption» doctor dad» medicine pills» all natural» daily dose» good nutrition» emt ambulance» emt» urgent care» 1st responder» biology science» pro-cure» lab tech» i cure» science dna» mad science» up n atom» random mutation» prescription bottle» pharmacist» i need my meds» there's april for t...» yam vegetable» what i yam» think yam» sweet potato» gemini constellatio...» constellation gemin...» twins constellation» enthusiastic conste...» leo constellation» lion constellation» oprimistic constell...» libra constellation» constellation libra» scales constellatio...» charming constellat...» pisces constellatio...» constellation pisce...» fish constellation» compassionate const...» zucchini vegetable» garden fresh» eat your veg» food zucchini» sagittarius constel...» constellation safit...» archer constellatio...» generous constellat...» scorpio constellati...» constellation scorp...» scorpion constellat...» fearless constellat...» taurus constellatio» constellation tauru...» bull constellation» independent constel...» virgo constellation» constellation virgo» virgin constellatio...» intelligent constel...» spring time is h-er-e!» bunny eggs» happy easter» little easter bunny» in loving memory» lily flower» love is everything» memory lily» celebrate easter» easter cross» he is risen» easter blessings» psalm dove» celebrate the lord» celebrate the lord» religious dove» the night before easter» some bunny loves me» happy easter» bunny night» cat face» one cat...» one cat...» here... kitty, kitty, kitty!» fish love me» curious kitten» fish inspector» cat fish» aquarius stars» age of aquarius» aquarius» aquarius pour favor» aries stars» aries» ram it» star power» cancer stars» cancer» little crabby» saw a sign» capricorn stars» capricorn» oe cool kid» everything edible» salmon eggs» champagne & caviar» dreaming about cavi...» caviar queen» gemini stars» gemini» twincesses» double the fun» leo stars» leo» good time» courageous» libra stars» libra» measure twice» im a libra» pisces stars» pisces» star child» swim like pisces» patriotic pennant» happy 4th» proud to be america...» celebrate!» sagittarius stars» sagittarius» straight shooter» on the hunt» well-suited» card shark» obey rules miss fun» card suit border» poker championship» guys poker night» ladies poker night» poker» balance scale» professional» law school» truth-equality-just...» judges gavel» dad might be a lawy...» always judging» law school graduate» tomato plant» organic» nurtured & homegrown» sweet tomatoes» kiss it & make it better» love hurts» fixer upper» heart bandage» lawyer symbols» attorney at law» law student» law school graduate» mom floral» happy mother's day ...» world's best mom» nurses care» favorite mom» moms tea» stuck on you» nurse mom» mom loves her tea t...» tea time with mom» heart bandage» my favorite cup of ...» hot rod» hot rod garage» american hot rod ga...» vintage hot rod» interstate sign» interstate 80» route 66» road trip» hot rod» all american hot ro...» custom hot rod gara...» happiness is a hot ...» a couple of nuts» let's get nuts!» l'il butter ball» little nutty» little peanut» baby peanut» funny peanut» lil peanut» for sale» property» real estate agent» agent» pretty pretty peanut» little peanut» bundle of joy» cute peanut» for rent» open house» agent» buying or selling» cinco de mayo» celebrate cinco de ...» a spicy cinco de ma...» cinco de mayo fiest...» scorpio» scorpio stars» star is born» lil stinger» taurus stars» taurus» no bull» love a bull» virgo stars» very virgo» virgo» saw the sign» zodiac signs» whats your sign» whats your sign» everyone ia star» chinese coiled snak...» year of the snake» chinese snake year» dont tread on me» chinese ox head» year of the ox» chinese ox year» decorating diva» love of fondant» layered cake » cake saying» celebrate new year» cheers and peace» happy new year!» new year 2013» new year 2015» new year 2014» new year 2016» new year 2013» have a garden» flower shop» think spring embroidery10 > customer service australia canada germany united kingdom united states worldwide shipping to the us shipping methods: cafepress offers several different shipping methods to meet your delivery needs. we calculate our shipping cost for each shipping method based on the type and quantity of items in your order. the shipping and handling charges are summarized at checkout and most packages can be tracked via our carriers' websites. to find out how much it will cost to ship your order, proceed to checkout with the item(s) in your cart. the shipping cost for the order will be displayed in the "select shipping option" section of the checkout page. toggle between the available shipping options to see the shipping cost associated with each method. estimated ship timelines*: economy: usually arrives in 7-9 business days standard: usually arrives in 5-6 business days premium: usually arrives in 2-4 business days express: usually arrives in 1 business day *please note the estimates above do not include production times. this is the time it takes to produce your one-of-a-kind cafepress item. “business days” are considered to be monday through friday, not including holidays or scheduled service interruptions. please check with your local postal service for all other regional restrictions and observed holidays that may delay receipt of your shipment. your order may arrive in multiple packages and shipments. depending upon the type, quantity and weight of item(s) in your order, we may pack and ship them in multiple packages. you will not be charged for multiple packages and shipments other than the amount that appears at checkout. production and shipping timelines: you can calculate delivery estimates by taking the production time for your order and adding in the transit time based on the shipping method you have chosen. the items in your order are made just for you! the production time for most orders is 2-3 business days. an estimated arrival date range is also provided on the checkout page for your convenience. to find out your estimated arrival date(s), proceed to checkout with the item(s) in your cart. the date range for the order will be displayed in the "select shipping option" section of the checkout page. toggle between the available shipping methods to adjust the estimated arrival dates. at cafepress, we do our best to ensure your order arrives on time. however, estimated arrival dates are not guaranteed and there may be a number of unforeseen reasons why your items will arrive after the estimated arrival date. large orders (100+ items), issues to designs, or delivery to a p.o. box or apo/fpo/dpo addresses, to hawaii, alaska, and u.s. territories may all delay the delivery of your order. shipping to canada cafepress offers several different shipping methods to meet your delivery needs. we calculate our shipping cost for each shipping method based on the type and quantity of items you order. your shipping and handling charges are summarized at checkout and most packages in your order can be tracked via our carriers' websites. to find out how much shipping is, proceed to checkout with the item(s) in your cart. the shipping cost for the order will be displayed in the "select shipping option" section of the checkout page. your items may arrive in different shipments. depending on the type, quantity and weight of items in your order, we may pack and ship them in different packages to ensure they arrive on time and undamaged. you will never be charged more for shipping and handling than what appears at checkout. sign into your account to track your orders*. *tracking may not be available for some international destinations. cafepress does its best to ensure your delivery arrives on time. however, delivery dates are not guaranteed and there may be a number of unforeseen reasons why your items will arrive after the estimated arrival date. large orders (100+ items), delivery to a p.o. box or apo/fpo address, to hawaii, alaska, or other international destinations and issues with payment verification, shipping address, designs, or media may all delay delivery of your order. delivery to germany cafepress offers several different shipping methods to meet your delivery needs. we calculate our shipping cost for each shipping method based on the type and quantity of items you order. your shipping and handling charges are summarized at checkout and most packages in your order can be tracked via our carriers' websites. to find out how much shipping is, proceed to checkout with the item(s) in your cart. the shipping cost for the order will be displayed in the "select shipping option" section of the checkout page. your items may arrive in different shipments. depending on the type, quantity and weight of items in your order, we may pack and ship them in different packages to ensure they arrive on time and undamaged. you will never be charged more for shipping and handling than what appears at checkout. sign into your account to track your orders*. *tracking may not be available for some international destinations. cafepress does its best to ensure your delivery arrives on time. however, delivery dates are not guaranteed and there may be a number of unforeseen reasons why your items will arrive after the estimated arrival date. large orders (100+ items), delivery to a p.o. box or apo/fpo address, to hawaii, alaska, or other international destinations and issues with payment verification, shipping address, designs, or media may all delay delivery of your order. delivery to united kingdom cafepress offers several different shipping methods to meet your delivery needs. we calculate our shipping cost for each shipping method based on the type and quantity of items you order. your shipping and handling charges are summarized at checkout and most packages in your order can be tracked via our carriers' websites. to find out how much shipping is, proceed to checkout with the item(s) in your cart. the shipping cost for the order will be displayed in the "select shipping option" section of the checkout page. your items may arrive in different shipments. depending on the type, quantity and weight of items in your order, we may pack and ship them in different packages to ensure they arrive on time and undamaged. you will never be charged more for shipping and handling than what appears at checkout. sign into your account to track your orders*. *tracking may not be available for some international destinations. cafepress does its best to ensure your delivery arrives on time. however, delivery dates are not guaranteed and there may be a number of unforeseen reasons why your items will arrive after the estimated arrival date. large orders (100+ items), delivery to a p.o. box or apo/fpo address, to hawaii, alaska, or other international destinations and issues with payment verification, shipping address, designs, or media may all delay delivery of your order. delivery to australia cafepress offers several different shipping methods to meet your delivery needs. we calculate our shipping cost for each shipping method based on the type and quantity of items you order. your shipping and handling charges are summarized at checkout and most packages in your order can be tracked via our carriers' websites. to find out how much shipping is, proceed to checkout with the item(s) in your cart. the shipping cost for the order will be displayed in the "select shipping option" section of the checkout page. your items may arrive in different shipments. depending on the type, quantity and weight of items in your order, we may pack and ship them in different packages to ensure they arrive on time and undamaged. you will never be charged more for shipping and handling than what appears at checkout. sign into your account to track your orders*. *tracking may not be available for some international destinations. cafepress does its best to ensure your delivery arrives on time. however, delivery dates are not guaranteed and there may be a number of unforeseen reasons why your items will arrive after the estimated arrival date. large orders (100+ items), delivery to a p.o. box or apo/fpo address, to hawaii, alaska, or other international destinations and issues with payment verification, shipping address, designs, or media may all delay delivery of your order. shipping to rest of world including us territories cafepress offers several different shipping methods to meet your delivery needs. we calculate our shipping cost for each shipping method based on the type and quantity of items you order. your shipping and handling charges are summarized at checkout and most packages in your order can be tracked via our carriers' websites. to find out how much shipping is, proceed to checkout with the item(s) in your cart. the shipping cost for the order will be displayed in the "select shipping option" section of the checkout page. your items may arrive in different shipments. depending on the type, quantity and weight of items in your order, we may pack and ship them in different packages to ensure they arrive on time and undamaged. you will never be charged more for shipping and handling than what appears at checkout. sign into your account to track your orders*. *tracking may not be available for some international destinations. cafepress does its best to ensure your delivery arrives on time. however, delivery dates are not guaranteed and there may be a number of unforeseen reasons why your items will arrive after the estimated arrival date. large orders (100+ items), delivery to a p.o. box or apo/fpo address, to hawaii, alaska, or other international destinations and issues with payment verification, shipping address, designs, or media may all delay delivery of your order. this shop is powered by cafepress inc. copyright © 1999- cafepress.com. all rights reserved. privacy policy | trademark & copyright information non-us currency rates are updated daily and may fluctuate.