来源URL: https://web.archive.org/web/20161231095116/http://www.cafepress.com/cp/info/help/index.aspx?page=privacy_policy.aspx
================================================================================

cafepress.com : customer service : cafepress privacy statement use code: welcome sign in home product interest recipient occasion deals gift center design your own sign in / join account view profile favorites dashboard settings my designs reports shops sign out track order start selling help $ usd $ aud australian dollar $ cad canadian dollar € eur euro £ gbp pound sterling $ usd us dollar perfect.for every passion.tm all products ▼ department all products t-shirts baby clothing bags canvas art decorative accessories drinking glasses greeting cards hats & caps invitations ipad cases iphone cases jewelry kids clothing kitchen accessories magnets mugs note cards pet stuff posters stickers sweatshirts & hoodies travel accessories water bottles view all products your cart is currently empty. cart 0 t-shirts & clothing men's women's plus sizes maternity t-shirts long sleeve t-shirts sweatshirts & hoodies pajamas tank tops view all clothing kids kids t-shirts baseball jerseys sweatshirts & hoodies kids accessories view all kids baby baby clothing bibs blankets diaper bags view all baby accessories baseball hats jewelry scarves neck ties watches men's accessories view all accessories drinkware mugs water bottles flasks drinking glasses shot glasses acrylic tumblers view all drinkware home shower curtains kitchen accessories home décor pillows bedding office accessories area rugs duvet covers ornaments view all home hobbies buttons stickers magnets license plate frames car magnets view all hobbies wall art posters framed prints wall decals photo on canvas canvas art clocks view all wall art stationery greeting cards note cards invitations calendars journals view all stationery bags canvas tote bags lunch bags messenger bags totes & shoulder bags view all bags cases & covers phone cases ipad cases & covers laptop covers view all cases top categories animals causes education family funny food & drink geek hobbies occupations nature religion sports travel pets dogs cats goldfish hamsters turtles sports swimming snowboarding mountain biking golf football baseball politics 2016 election donald trump hillary clinton democrat republican hobbies movie lovers camping music hiking running gaming book lovers military air force army coast guard marines navy entertainment peanuts marvel star trek grey's anatomy supernatural bob's burgers gilmore girls my little pony transformers big bang theory once orange is the new black ncis important to us for him for her for kids for babies for pets for co-workers for teachers for best friends for coaches for bosses for boyfriend for girlfriend family mom dad brother sister son daughter wife husband foster parents grandmother grandfather gift guides inexpensive gifts gifts under $25 gifts under $50 personalized gifts monogrammed gifts holidays & observances new year's day (jan 1) inauguration day (jan 20) chinese new year (jan 28) groundhog day (feb 2) valentine's day (feb 14) celebrations anniversary baptism communion engagement expecting graduation housewarming new baby retirement wedding birthdays 1st birthday 2nd birthday 16th birthday 18th birthday 21st birthday 30th birthday 40th birthday 50th birthday 60th birthday 70th birthday seasons fall winter spring summer x how can we help? customer service contact us track your order track order browse our help page go to help 100% satisfaction guarantee » |   check out the cafepress forums here » home > customer service > cafepress privacy statement cafepress privacy statement effective: may 2016 cafepress values the trust you place in us when you use cafepress.com and our affiliated websites, applications or tools (collectively, our “websites”).your privacy and trust are important to us and who we are as a company.this privacy statement describes our collection, use, disclosure, retention, and protection of your information. this privacy statement applies to our websites that link to it, regardless of how you access or use them, including through mobile devices. by using our services and/or registering with us, you are accepting the terms of this privacy statement and our user agreement, and you are consenting to our collection, use, disclosure, retention, and protection of your personal information as described in this privacy statement. if you do not provide the information we require, we may not be able to provide all of our services to you. if you do not agree to the terms of this privacy statement, please do not use our websites. we may make changes to this privacy statement from time to time. we will post any changes to our websites. your continued use of our websites following the posting of any changes will mean you accept those changes. information we collect about you how we use your information how we share your information with others tracking and interest-based advertising how we secure your information how to access and modify your information how to limit the use of your information other important information questions or report a problem information we collect about you we collect, process, and retain information from you and any devices (including mobile devices) you may use when you use our websites or services, register for an account with us, provide us information on a web form, update or add information to your account, participate in community discussions, chats, or dispute resolution, or when you otherwise correspond with us. the specific information we collect depends upon your use of the websites, as described below. information you give us: we receive and store information you enter on our websites or give us in any other way, including your name, physical address, phone number, email address, and payment information. information about your interaction with our websites: we collect information about your interactions with our websites, such as the purchases you make or the advertisements you view. information we automatically collect: we receive and store certain types of information whenever you interact with us or our websites. our websites use “cookies,” tagging and other tracking technologies to help enable you to shop on our websites, and enable us to enhance or personalize your online browsing and shopping experience. this information includes computer and connection information such as statistics on your page views, traffic to and from our websites, referral url, ad data, your ip address, and device identifiers; this information may also include your browsing history, transaction history, and your web log information. location information: when you download or use apps created by cafepress or our subsidiaries, we may receive information about your location and your mobile device, including a unique identifier for your device. geo-location information allows us to provide location-based services, such as advertising, search results, and other personalized content. information from social media and other sites: when you interact with our websites or services on a social media platform, we may collect the personal information that you make available to us on that page, including your account id or username and other information included in your posts. if you choose to log in to your cafepress account with or through a social networking service, cafepress and that service may share certain information about you and your activities. information from other sources: we may supplement the personal information we collect with information from third parties and add it to your account information. information from third parties may include, but is not limited to, demographic information that is publically available, additional contact information, group affiliations, occupational information, and educational background. how we use your information we use your information to help us personalize and continually improve your experience on the websites, including fulfilling your orders and requests for information, analyzing and compiling trends and statistics, and communicating with you. for information about how to manage your information and the choices you have, see how to limit the use of your information below. general uses. we may use your information to: provide, maintain, and improve the websites for internal or other business purposes; fulfill requests for information; provide, produce, and ship the products that you order or the services you request; provide customer support; track and evaluate the use of the websites; communicate with you about your customer account, content owner account, profile or transactions with us, or changes to our policies or terms; send you information about features and enhancements on or to our websites; send you newsletters or other materials; send you offers or other communications about our products and services, such as special or promotional events, including services, products, or events for which we collaborate or co-offer with a third party; administer contests, sweepstakes, promotions, and surveys; detect, investigate, and prevent activities that may violate our policies or be fraudulent or illegal; optimize or improve our products, services and operations; and perform statistical, demographic, and marketing analyses of users of the websites and their viewing patterns. we may use the information from one portion of the websites on other portions of the websites, and we may combine information gathered from multiple portions of the websites into a single record. we may also use or combine information that we collect offline or we collect or receive from third-party sources for many reasons, including to enhance, expand, and check the accuracy of our records. how we share your information with others we do not share your personal information with third parties, except as set forth below. we may disclose information that does not specifically identify you, such as aggregate information, device identifiers or other unique identifiers to third parties in any manner we deem appropriate. for information about how to manage your information and the choices you have, see how to limit the use of your information below. third-party service providers:we have affiliates and service providers that perform functions on our behalf, including, but not limited to: hosting, content syndication, content management, technical integration, marketing, analytics, customer service, and fraud protection. for example, we use third parties to process payments made to us and assist with product fulfillment and other operations. these third parties may have access to your personal information when needed to perform their functions. if we share information with these third parties that personally identifies you, such as your name, address, or phone number, we will require the third parties to maintain the confidentiality and security of your personal information, and they will be restricted from using, selling, or distributing such personally identifiable information in any way other than to provide the requested services to the websites. business partners: we may engage in activities that include sharing your personally identifying information with business partners who provide products and services that we think you may be interested in. sale, assignment or change of control:we may change our ownership or corporate organization while providing the websites. we may transfer to another entity or its affiliates some or all information about you in connection with, or during negotiations of, any merger, acquisition, sale of assets or any business, other change of control transaction or financing. under such circumstances, we would request the acquiring party to follow the practices described in this privacy statement. nevertheless, we cannot promise that an acquiring party or the merged entity will have the same privacy practices or treat your information the same as described in this privacy statement. law enforcement, legal process, and emergency situations:we may also use or disclose your personal information if required to do so by law or on the good-faith belief that such action is necessary to (a) conform to applicable law or comply with legal process served on us or our websites; (b) protect and defend our rights or property, the websites or our users, or (c) act to protect the personal safety of us, users of the websites or the public. in particular, if you are a content owner (as defined by our user agreement), we may disclose your information to a third party that alleges that you have infringed their intellectual property rights through the products sold through our websites. similarly, if you allege that a content owner is infringing upon your intellectual property rights, we may disclose your information to that content owner. tracking and interest-based advertising like many websites, we use tracking technologies such as cookies, web beacons and similar technologies to record your preferences, track the use of our websites and exposure to our online advertisements. we may also use these technologies to monitor traffic, improve the websites, and make it easier to use and more relevant. we partner with third party advertising companies who also use these tracking tools to provide advertisements on our websites or other websites. these third parties may use these technologies to collect information about you when you use the websites. they may collect information about your online activities over time and across different websites and other online services. they may also use persistent identifiers to track your internet usage across other websites in their networks beyond the websites. they may use this information to provide you with interest-based advertising or other targeted content. while we do not knowingly provide these entities with information that personally identifies you such third parties may, with sufficient data from other sources, be able to personally identify you, unknown to us. to learn more about the third-party collection and use of your information, please visit the network advertising initiative and/or the digital advertising alliance. some content or applications, including advertisements, on the websites may be served by unaffiliated third parties. we do not control these third parties’ tracking technologies or how they may be used. if you have any questions about an advertisement, you should contact the responsible advertiser directly. we are not responsible for the content or privacy practices on any website not operated by cafepress to which our websites link or that link to our websites. your browser or device may include “do not track” functionality. cafepress’ information collection and disclosure practices, and the choices that we provide to customers, will continue to operate as described in this privacy statement, whether or not a do not track signal is received. how we secure your information we do our best to provide you with a safe and convenient shopping experience. our websites incorporate physical, electronic, and administrative procedures to safeguard the confidentiality of your personal information, including the use of encryption, firewalls, limited access and other controls where appropriate. while we use industry-standard precautions to safeguard your personal information, we cannot guarantee complete security. 100% complete security does not presently exist anywhere online or offline. you can help protect the privacy of your own information by using encryption and other techniques to prevent unauthorized interception of your personal information. you are responsible for the security of your information when using unencrypted, public or otherwise unsecured networks. how to access and modify your information we take steps to ensure that the personal information we collect is accurate and up to date, and that you have the ability to access and make corrections to it. this includes: giving you the ability to see, review, and change your personal information by signing in to your account at cafepress.com. honoring any statutory right you might have to access, modify or erase your personal information. to request access and to find out whether any fees may apply, if permitted by applicable state, federal, or national law (outside of the united states), please contact privacy@cafepress.com. we may not be able to delete your personal information without also deleting your user account. you will not be permitted to examine the personal information of any other person or entity. in order to verify your identity, you may be required to provide us with personal information prior to accessing any records containing information about you. we may not accommodate a request to change or delete personal information if we believe doing so would violate any law or legal requirement, or cause the information to be incorrect. how to limit the use of your information in many instances, you have choices about the information you provide and limiting how we use your information. these choices, and any related consequences, are described in detail below. personal information: you may choose not to provide your personal information, such as your name, address, phone number or payment information, but then you might not be able to take advantage of many of our site and/or checkout features. emails, newsletters, and other communications: when you create an account through our websites, you are required to provide us with an accurate e-mail address through which we may contact you. registration through our websites or apps constitutes your express acknowledgment that cafepress may use your e-mail address to communicate with you about product offerings from cafepress, its affiliates, selected vendors, and/or partners. while you cannot opt-out of receiving notifications and other communications regarding your account or your transactions, you can opt-out of receiving newsletters and promotional emails and other marketing communications from us by: (1) using the “unsubscribe” feature in our marketing e-mails; (2) clicking unsubscribe here; or (3) contacting customer service. location tracking: most mobile devices allow you to control or disable the use of location services by any application on your mobile device through the device’s settings’ menu. online tracking and interest-based advertising: you also have choices to limit some tracking mechanisms that collect information when you use the websites. many web browsers automatically accept cookies, but you can usually modify your browser’s setting to decline cookies if you prefer. if you choose to decline cookies, certain features of our websites, including the websites themselves, may not function properly or remain accessible to you. in addition, you may also render some web beacons unusable by rejecting or removing their associated cookies. note that if you choose to remove cookies, you may remove opt-out cookies that affect your advertising preferences. you may opt out of tracking of analytics data by google analytics, one of our customer usage analytics providers, by clicking here. many of the third party advertisers that place tracking tools on our websites are members of programs that offer you additional choices regarding the collection and use of your information. you can learn more about the options available to limit these third parties’ collection and use of your information by visiting the websites for the network advertising initiativeand the digital advertising alliance, as well as the webpages for facebook’s ad preferences tool and privacy policy. similarly, you can learn about your options to opt-out of mobile app tracking by certain advertising networks through your device settings. for more information about how to change these settings for apple, android or windows devices, see: apple: http://support.apple.com/kb/ht4228 android: http://www.google.com/policies/technologies/ads/ windows: http://choice.microsoft.com/en-us/opt-out please note that opting-out of advertising networks services does not mean that you will not receive advertising while using our websites or on other websites, nor will it prevent the receipt of interest-based advertising from third parties that do not participate in these programs. it will, however, exclude you from interest-based advertising conducted through participating networks, as provided by their policies and choice mechanisms. other important information users under thirteen: our services are intended for users ages 13 and older only. accordingly, we will not knowingly collect or use any personal information from children that we know to be under the age of 13. in addition, we will delete any information in our database that we know originates from a child under the age of 13. users thirteen to seventeen: prospective users between the ages of 13 and 17 can only use our services under their parents or legal guardian's supervision. if you are between the ages of 13 and 17, you, your parent, or your legal guardian may request that we deactivate any of your personal information in our database and/or opt-out from receiving communications from us. if you wish to do so, please contact us at privacy@cafepress.com. users outside of the united states: if you use our websites outside of the united states, you understand and consent to the transfer of your personal information to, and the collection, processing, and storage of your personal information in, the united states and other countries. the laws in the u.s. regarding personal information may be different than the laws of your state or country. notice to california residents: if you are a california resident, california civil code section 1798.83 permits you to request certain information regarding the disclosure of your personal information by cafepress and its related companies to third parties for the third parties' direct marketing purposes. to make such a request, please send your request, by mail, to: cafepress inc. attn: legal - ca privacy 11909 shelbyville road louisville, ky 40243 questions or report a problem for questions about our privacy statement, to make choices about receiving promotional communications, to update your personal information, or to place an order, you can contact cafepress inc. by email, telephone or postal mail: cafepress customer service 6901 a riverport drive louisville, ky 40258 (877) 809-1659 email: customer service get exclusive offers: subscribe by checking this box i certify that as of today i am at least 13 years of age follow cafepress: help track order faqs returns shipping contact us about about cafepress blog privacy statement report an alleged infringement sitemap tags products international australia canada united kingdom united states & worldwide + help us improve cafepress! send us your feedback, comments and questions below: *select a category question report a bug general feedback *email: please fill in all fields all content copyright © 1999- cafepress inc. use of this web site constitutes acceptance of the user agreement. {"sumofallmeasurementsbelowreportingthreshold":5}