来源URL: https://web.archive.org/web/20161231095116/http://www.cafepress.com/cp/info/help/index.aspx?page=shipping.aspx
================================================================================

cafepress.com : customer service : shipping information use code: welcome sign in home product interest recipient occasion deals gift center design your own sign in / join account view profile favorites dashboard settings my designs reports shops sign out track order start selling help $ usd $ aud australian dollar $ cad canadian dollar € eur euro £ gbp pound sterling $ usd us dollar perfect.for every passion.tm all products ▼ department all products t-shirts baby clothing bags canvas art decorative accessories drinking glasses greeting cards hats & caps invitations ipad cases iphone cases jewelry kids clothing kitchen accessories magnets mugs note cards pet stuff posters stickers sweatshirts & hoodies travel accessories water bottles view all products your cart is currently empty. cart 0 t-shirts & clothing men's women's plus sizes maternity t-shirts long sleeve t-shirts sweatshirts & hoodies pajamas tank tops view all clothing kids kids t-shirts baseball jerseys sweatshirts & hoodies kids accessories view all kids baby baby clothing bibs blankets diaper bags view all baby accessories baseball hats jewelry scarves neck ties watches men's accessories view all accessories drinkware mugs water bottles flasks drinking glasses shot glasses acrylic tumblers view all drinkware home shower curtains kitchen accessories home décor pillows bedding office accessories area rugs duvet covers ornaments view all home hobbies buttons stickers magnets license plate frames car magnets view all hobbies wall art posters framed prints wall decals photo on canvas canvas art clocks view all wall art stationery greeting cards note cards invitations calendars journals view all stationery bags canvas tote bags lunch bags messenger bags totes & shoulder bags view all bags cases & covers phone cases ipad cases & covers laptop covers view all cases top categories animals causes education family funny food & drink geek hobbies occupations nature religion sports travel pets dogs cats goldfish hamsters turtles sports swimming snowboarding mountain biking golf football baseball politics 2016 election donald trump hillary clinton democrat republican hobbies movie lovers camping music hiking running gaming book lovers military air force army coast guard marines navy entertainment peanuts marvel star trek grey's anatomy supernatural bob's burgers gilmore girls my little pony transformers big bang theory once orange is the new black ncis important to us for him for her for kids for babies for pets for co-workers for teachers for best friends for coaches for bosses for boyfriend for girlfriend family mom dad brother sister son daughter wife husband foster parents grandmother grandfather gift guides inexpensive gifts gifts under $25 gifts under $50 personalized gifts monogrammed gifts holidays & observances new year's day (jan 1) inauguration day (jan 20) chinese new year (jan 28) groundhog day (feb 2) valentine's day (feb 14) celebrations anniversary baptism communion engagement expecting graduation housewarming new baby retirement wedding birthdays 1st birthday 2nd birthday 16th birthday 18th birthday 21st birthday 30th birthday 40th birthday 50th birthday 60th birthday 70th birthday seasons fall winter spring summer x how can we help? customer service contact us track your order track order browse our help page go to help 100% satisfaction guarantee » |   check out the cafepress forums here » home > customer service > shipping information shipping information australia canada germany united kingdom united states worldwide shipping to the us shipping methods: cafepress offers several different shipping methods to meet your delivery needs. we calculate our shipping cost for each shipping method based on the type and quantity of items in your order. the shipping and handling charges are summarized at checkout and most packages can be tracked via our carriers' websites. to find out how much it will cost to ship your order, proceed to checkout with the item(s) in your cart. the shipping cost for the order will be displayed in the "select shipping option" section of the checkout page. toggle between the available shipping options to see the shipping cost associated with each method. estimated ship timelines*: economy: usually arrives in 7-9 business days standard: usually arrives in 5-6 business days premium: usually arrives in 2-4 business days express: usually arrives in 1 business day *please note the estimates above do not include production times. this is the time it takes to produce your one-of-a-kind cafepress item. “business days” are considered to be monday through friday, not including holidays or scheduled service interruptions. please check with your local postal service for all other regional restrictions and observed holidays that may delay receipt of your shipment. your order may arrive in multiple packages and shipments. depending upon the type, quantity and weight of item(s) in your order, we may pack and ship them in multiple packages. you will not be charged for multiple packages and shipments other than the amount that appears at checkout. production and shipping timelines: you can calculate delivery estimates by taking the production time for your order and adding in the transit time based on the shipping method you have chosen. the items in your order are made just for you! the production time for most orders is 2-3 business days. an estimated arrival date range is also provided on the checkout page for your convenience. to find out your estimated arrival date(s), proceed to checkout with the item(s) in your cart. the date range for the order will be displayed in the "select shipping option" section of the checkout page. toggle between the available shipping methods to adjust the estimated arrival dates. at cafepress, we do our best to ensure your order arrives on time. however, estimated arrival dates are not guaranteed and there may be a number of unforeseen reasons why your items will arrive after the estimated arrival date. large orders (100+ items), issues to designs, or delivery to a p.o. box or apo/fpo/dpo addresses, to hawaii, alaska, and u.s. territories may all delay the delivery of your order. shipping to the canada shipping methods: cafepress offers several different shipping methods to meet your delivery needs. we calculate our shipping cost for each shipping method based on the type and quantity of items in your order. the shipping and handling charges are summarized at checkout and most packages can be tracked via our carriers' websites. *tracking may not be available for some international destinations. to find out how much it will cost to ship your order, proceed to checkout with the item(s) in your cart. the shipping cost for the order will be displayed in the "select shipping option" section of the checkout page. toggle between the available shipping options to see the shipping cost associated with each method. estimated ship timelines*: standard: usually arrives in 7-8 business days express: usually arrives in 5-7 business days *please note the estimates above do not include production times. this is the time it takes to produce your one-of-a-kind cafepress item. “business days” are considered to be monday through friday, not including holidays or scheduled service interruptions. please check with your local postal service for all other regional restrictions and observed holidays that may delay receipt of your shipment. your order may arrive in multiple packages and shipments. depending upon the type, quantity and weight of item(s) in your order, we may pack and ship them in multiple packages. you will not be charged for multiple packages and shipments other than the amount that appears at checkout. production and shipping timelines: you can calculate delivery estimates by taking the production time for your order and adding in the transit time based on the shipping method you have chosen. the items in your order are made just for you! the production time for most orders is 2-3 business days. an estimated arrival date range is also provided on the checkout page for your convenience. to find out your estimated arrival date(s), proceed to checkout with the item(s) in your cart. the date range for the order will be displayed in the "select shipping option" section of the checkout page. toggle between the available shipping methods to adjust the estimated arrival dates. at cafepress, we do our best to ensure your order arrives on time. however, estimated arrival dates are not guaranteed and there may be a number of unforeseen reasons why your items will arrive after the estimated arrival date. large orders (100+ items), issues with designs or media, or issues with weather may all delay delivery of your order. delivery to germany cafepress offers several different shipping methods to meet your delivery needs. we calculate our shipping cost for each shipping method based on the type and quantity of items you order. your shipping and handling charges are summarized at checkout and most packages in your order can be tracked via our carriers' websites. to find out how much shipping is, proceed to checkout with the item(s) in your cart. the shipping cost for the order will be displayed in the "select shipping option" section of the checkout page. your items may arrive in different shipments. depending on the type, quantity and weight of items in your order, we may pack and ship them in different packages to ensure they arrive on time and undamaged. you will never be charged more for shipping and handling than what appears at checkout. sign into your account to track your orders*. *tracking may not be available for some international destinations. cafepress does its best to ensure your delivery arrives on time. however, delivery dates are not guaranteed and there may be a number of unforeseen reasons why your items will arrive after the estimated arrival date. large orders (100+ items), delivery to a p.o. box or apo/fpo address, to hawaii, alaska, or other international destinations and issues with payment verification, shipping address, designs, or media may all delay delivery of your order. shipping to the united kingdom shipping methods: cafepress offers several different shipping methods to meet your delivery needs. we calculate our shipping cost for each shipping method based on the type and quantity of items in your order. the shipping and handling charges are summarized at checkout and most packages can be tracked via our carriers' websites. *tracking may not be available for some international destinations. to find out how much it will cost to ship your order, proceed to checkout with the item(s) in your cart. the shipping cost for the order will be displayed in the "select shipping option" section of the checkout page. toggle between the available shipping options to see the shipping cost associated with each method. estimated ship timelines*: standard: usually arrives in 5-6 business days express: usually arrives in 4-5 business days *please note the estimates above do not include production times. this is the time it takes to produce your one-of-a-kind cafepress item. “business days” are considered to be monday through friday, not including holidays or scheduled service interruptions. please check with your local postal service for all other regional restrictions and observed holidays that may delay receipt of your shipment. your order may arrive in multiple packages and shipments. depending upon the type, quantity and weight of item(s) in your order, we may pack and ship them in multiple packages. you will not be charged for multiple packages and shipments other than the amount that appears at checkout. production and shipping timelines: you can calculate delivery estimates by taking the production time for your order and adding in the transit time based on the shipping method you have chosen. the items in your order are made just for you! the production time for most orders is 2-3 business days. an estimated arrival date range is also provided on the checkout page for your convenience. to find out your estimated arrival date(s), proceed to checkout with the item(s) in your cart. the date range for the order will be displayed in the "select shipping option" section of the checkout page. toggle between the available shipping methods to adjust the estimated arrival dates. at cafepress, we do our best to ensure your order arrives on time. however, estimated arrival dates are not guaranteed and there may be a number of unforeseen reasons why your items will arrive after the estimated arrival date. large orders (100+ items), issues with designs or media, or issues with weather may all delay delivery of your order. shipping to the australia shipping methods: cafepress offers several different shipping methods to meet your delivery needs. we calculate our shipping cost for each shipping method based on the type and quantity of items in your order. the shipping and handling charges are summarized at checkout and most packages can be tracked via our carriers' websites. *tracking may not be available for some international destinations. to find out how much it will cost to ship your order, proceed to checkout with the item(s) in your cart. the shipping cost for the order will be displayed in the "select shipping option" section of the checkout page. toggle between the available shipping options to see the shipping cost associated with each method. estimated ship timelines*: standard: usually arrives in 9-11 business days express: usually arrives in 5-7 business days *please note the estimates above do not include production times. this is the time it takes to produce your one-of-a-kind cafepress item. “business days” are considered to be monday through friday, not including holidays or scheduled service interruptions. please check with your local postal service for all other regional restrictions and observed holidays that may delay receipt of your shipment. your order may arrive in multiple packages and shipments. depending upon the type, quantity and weight of item(s) in your order, we may pack and ship them in multiple packages. you will not be charged for multiple packages and shipments other than the amount that appears at checkout. production and shipping timelines: you can calculate delivery estimates by taking the production time for your order and adding in the transit time based on the shipping method you have chosen. the items in your order are made just for you! the production time for most orders is 2-3 business days. an estimated arrival date range is also provided on the checkout page for your convenience. to find out your estimated arrival date(s), proceed to checkout with the item(s) in your cart. the date range for the order will be displayed in the "select shipping option" section of the checkout page. toggle between the available shipping methods to adjust the estimated arrival dates. at cafepress, we do our best to ensure your order arrives on time. however, estimated arrival dates are not guaranteed and there may be a number of unforeseen reasons why your items will arrive after the estimated arrival date. large orders (100+ items), issues with designs or media, or issues with weather may all delay delivery of your order. shipping to rest of world including us territories cafepress offers several different shipping methods to meet your delivery needs. we calculate our shipping cost for each shipping method based on the type and quantity of items you order. your shipping and handling charges are summarized at checkout and most packages in your order can be tracked via our carriers' websites. to find out how much shipping is, proceed to checkout with the item(s) in your cart. the shipping cost for the order will be displayed in the "select shipping option" section of the checkout page. your items may arrive in different shipments. depending on the type, quantity and weight of items in your order, we may pack and ship them in different packages to ensure they arrive on time and undamaged. you will never be charged more for shipping and handling than what appears at checkout. sign into your account to track your orders*. *tracking may not be available for some international destinations. cafepress does its best to ensure your delivery arrives on time. however, delivery dates are not guaranteed and there may be a number of unforeseen reasons why your items will arrive after the estimated arrival date. large orders (100+ items), delivery to a p.o. box or apo/fpo address, to hawaii, alaska, or other international destinations and issues with payment verification, shipping address, designs, or media may all delay delivery of your order. get exclusive offers: subscribe by checking this box i certify that as of today i am at least 13 years of age follow cafepress: help track order faqs returns shipping contact us about about cafepress blog privacy statement report an alleged infringement sitemap tags products international australia canada united kingdom united states & worldwide + help us improve cafepress! send us your feedback, comments and questions below: *select a category question report a bug general feedback *email: please fill in all fields all content copyright © 1999- cafepress inc. use of this web site constitutes acceptance of the user agreement. {"sumofallmeasurementsbelowreportingthreshold":2}