来源URL: https://web.archive.org/web/20121227144341/http://www.chiefsupply.com:80/Testimonials.aspx
================================================================================

testimonials | chief email password forgot password? or create an account now. it’s easy and free. this page optimized for your printer call toll-free (888) 588-8569 8am-7pm monday-friday http://www.chiefsupply.com customer service my account not sign out ? register/sign in cart (0) order by phone: (888) 588-8569 home law enforcement duty gear duty belts duty rigs holsters pouches & accessories apparel accessories baselayers bdus & tactical bike patrol eyewear gloves outerwear pants & shorts shirts uniforms footwear accessories duty boots oxfords quarter boots women's boots badges & id badge wallets & holders collar brass custom blackinton badges custom blackinton quick-ship badges custom smith & warren badges kids badges name plates stock badges gear bags concealed carry duffel bags duty bags & backpacks hard cases hydration packs & accessories sling bags & organizers specialty weapon & tactical cases travel bags & packs body armor concealable ballistic vests nij06 carriers tactical armor correctional armor helmets shields & plates armor accessories flashlights duty lights flashlight batteries flashlight parts & accessories general purpose lights headlamps penlights & mini lights spotlights & scene lighting tactical lights tactical & training batons crowd control & riot gear defense sprays firearms & range accessories handcuffs & restraints knives & tools swat, special ops & tactical gear training equipment vehicle equipment aeds auxiliary lights cameras & radios lightbars organization & storage partitions & prisoner transport parts & accessories power supplies push bumpers sirens, speakers & control boxes speed detection spike systems vehicle opening tools see more alcohol & drug tests audio recorders & video cameras batteries checkpoint detection community safety forensics & investigations police gifts traffic & surveying military & federal fire & rescue ems medical & scrubs brands sale this month's savings reduced price clearance home resources testimonials testimonials testimonials law enforcement fire/rescue & ems website have some feedback for chief? send it to us » joy b., rooftop rodeo just wanted to thank chief and my super accout rep, mark, for the excellent service in getting our commemorative 85th birthday badges produced, shipped, and delivered so quickly. mark was very helpful to me in getting the product ordered, and then he followed up at least once a week to keep me informed on the status. excellent service and product! back to top tsgt ezer r. garcia, ncoic dispatch & logistics manager i just want to tell you thank you very much. every single rep that has been assigned to my account have been absolutely awesome! i have enjoyed working with every single one of you. one of the main reasons why i keep coming back to you guys is for your excellent service, products, and amazing working relationships i have established. i will most definitely pass your company name on to every single fire department i go to! back to top marc winburn, emt-i, las vegas, nevada so, once again, i've received an e-mail asking for my input on how the customer service was. once again, here it is. one word, outstanding!!! although i was initially not completely satisfied due to the pants being on back-order, you have totally come through and got them delivered to me earlier than i was expecting. thank you. with that and the constant follow-ups asking me what i thought, i can confidently say i would purchase from you again, as well as recommend you to others. back to top emery e. brelje i tried 4 other suppliers first. you were the easiest to use. i found what i needed quickly. i put you on my list of favorites. back to top jeremy maske everything worked out well, and i actually got to use the jacket this weerkend. it kept me warm, dry and safe. thanks for your service. back to top tom i can't believe how easy you folks are to deal with, wow. thank you for all of your help. back to top ryan burkholder, virginia i wanted to compliment the order time to receive time following my purchase from chief. i ordered a badge holder which turned out to be very nice quality for such a low price that i needed by this weekend. the order was placed on sunday while chief was closed. the order was processed monday and it arrived on my doorstep wednesday. very fast shipping and top quality products. this is my second purchase from chief and will not be my last. thank you. back to top robert sanders, georgia i got my boots yesterday, thanks. i usually dread having to return anything, but this has been very easy. thanks again for the for professional service. back to top jimmy ostaseski, new york you guys/gals are awesome! once again you came through for me big time. this is only my second time ordering from you, but each time you got everything to me asap. you are a great company. i will only buy my stuff from chief in the future and tell everyone else to do the same. again, my thanks. back to top neil ambrose, north carolina are you serious?????? i've just received my order and i just ordered it less than 24 hours ago. wow. even after i messed up on my banking card number. sara was awesome as well as the product. my first order with chief but not my last. thanks for the outstanding service! back to top chief deputy steve smith, scotland county sheriff's office, north carolina i'd just like to say that jeff oszakiewski with the charlotte, nc, office has been an absolute pleasure to work with on our equipment orders. he spends time and attention to the details of securing the products we want and helps us secure the best pricing possible on our orders. jeff's follow-up is excellent and his work in solving any minor problems with shipping or billing issues is appreciated. i will continue to order supplies from him. thankfully for chief, he works for you. back to top fto daniel wood, armed forces europe i am currently in the middle east. i ordered some stuff from you for my job. i really liked the qaulity of the items. you also sent some free stuff with it. very nice free stuff. i just want to tell you how much that it is appreciated to get free stuff. it really means a lot to us over here. back to top stella raulston, washington i want to send a very big thank you to theresa farris. theresa has went above and beyond to ensure that all of my questions were answered. theresa also took the time to discuss other options that would meet my facility's needs. while working with theresa it became very evident that she enjoys what she does and wants the best for her customers. i highly commend her for the great job she does. thank you theresa! back to top maureen marymee, fiscal technician i would like to take this opportunity to inform you of the excellent service i have received from andrea nau. after having a negative experience with another vendor, i have found it refreshing to work with your company because of andrea. her knowledge of your products has been of great value to me as well as her promptness in filling our orders. the one aspect of her service that i personally appreciate is her follow-up. so many companies do not inform you of any problems concerning the delivery of your order, but andrea keeps me informed. i am in charge of placing orders for our ballistic vests and during this "r period" andrea has assisted me with these orders. she has correctly questioned some of the measurements i submitted which made the difference in a correct fit for a vest. i am thankful for having andrea assigned to our account and look forward to ordering from her again in the future. back to top jill, new york just wanted to thank you so much for the quality product i just received. it is a gift for my brother for christmas and i couldn't be happier about the quality and the service. the embroidery is first class! he will love it! thanks so much. back to top lisa parker thank you very much for your prompt response. i've always been pleased with chief, and i'm glad to see that the first time i had an issue, it was dealt with so quickly. i'm glad, too, that this was an issue you were aware of and are trying to fix. thank you again for your quick response. i look forward to continued business with chief. back to top chip johnston, new hampshire my business requires we answer the analysis needs of our clients in a thorough and timely manner. there have been several times when we have needed reconstruction supplies, from service bulletins to tools used in the field. we continue to order from chief because we have found your good services allow us to continue to meet our clients' needs, and i want to say thank you. back to top marshall doyle, minnesota thanks for your fast and great service on my recent order. back to top emily metcalf, north carolina thanks for having great deals and awesome stuff! back to top michelle basile i received my jacket yesterday, and it is perfect. it is better than i thought it would be. i love the style. i just wanted to tell you all that you did a great job, and i look forward to future purchases from chief. thanks again. back to top marlee i want to take a moment to thank chief for the great service! i have ordered my propper emt pants here a couple of times and they are the best pants i have ever had. they are the best. chief's delivery is fast. i ordered another pair of pants recently and had them with in 3-4 days, fabulous! your marketing slogan you have right now is excellent. it is a good feeling to have a company that can take care of responders needs. i thank you for being here with quality products and exceptional delivery and service. back to top william m. wilson i just wanted to take a moment to acknowledge the assistance we received from one of your employees, lily rees. my wife and i routinely lament the fact that customer service seems to be a thing of the past. but every once in a while, we have an experience with someone that restores our faith that there are people out there who still know how to treat people well. ms. rees has been one of those people. not only was her initial assistance more than we have become accustomed to, but her continued willingness to follow through when my wife had further questions and concerns was impressive. we are more than pleased with the product, but quite frankly, what makes us want to recommend your company to others and to do business here in the future ourselves is how well ms. rees treated us. back to top ronald k. raglan i received a jacket i ordered through your company, and wow! the jacket is really nice, and the embroidery is just the way i wanted it. your company is really a top-notch company. your service to your customers is unbelievable. thank you very much for everything. back to top janice lacharity the raincoats arrived on tuesday. i must say that i am truly impressed. for the price we paid, i can't get over the quality of the coats. the lettering was perfect as well. my chief was pleased with my choice. thanks for taking care of me and helping me to score a few points on the job.... anything that i send your way - i will. back to top 1lt david n. peters, fob warrior, iraq, u.s. army the seatbelt cutters have arrived and not a moment too late either. on behalf of the soldiers of 3rd brigade, 25th infantry division, i would like to say, "thank you." your support and expedited manufacturing and shipping process has quite possibly saved many lives for the time we will be over here. hooah! back to top fred greenstein, nicholasville, kentucky last time i ordered service was incredible! great product too! thanks. back to top ruth hartford, emergency medical technology, inc., washington steven driver – thank you so much for your excellent customer care. i appreciate the way you provide very special attention to detail, and your follow-up is great! thanks again. back to top damon favor we just received a call from one of your customer service representatives with resolution to our order issues. thank you for restoring our faith in your company. your excellent customer service and timely solution to the problems with our order are greatly appreciated. we look forward to doing business with chief in the future. you guys are doing a great job! back to top lisa mooris, new jersey i would like to give a huge thank-you to amanda for making my little boy's birthday the best ever. she made sure that my order was taken care of and got here on time. back to top jim newton, alabama the best customer service ever! just wanted to let your company know what great customer service you all have. i ordered the incorrect item, then spoke to a lady in customer service took care of the return. i received the correct item that i needed within a couple of days. that is what i call wonderful customer service! back to top jeff i'm not used to working with a company that gives so much personal attention to an order and so quickly. i think you just got me to throw my galls catalog away! back to top marlee bergeson the direction chief is taking is good. great customer service! chief's customer service has always been the best i have ever experienced. i work part-time customer service on the phones myself and know how challenging it is. your representatives are the best! keep up the outstanding work. back to top michael obrowski, m.d. keep up the great work and good pricing! back to top joyce coffey just thanks for setting up a hurricane relief. we were right in the heart of katrina and it was not a nice place to be but could have been much worse. thanks! back to top ezequiel santiago, new jersey i like your company very much and i will only buy from you now! your people are great, especially amanda. she was very nice and caring, and treated me like a first-class customer, not another number! all companies should have people like her on board. thank you again! back to top jeffery smith, oregon i couldn't be happier with the exceptional customer service provided by chief. i placed my first order and received it promptly as scheduled. more than that, the receptionist and both customer service reps i spoke with were genuinely friendly and very helpful. i will definitely be a long-term customer with chief. thank you. back to top craig snelgrove, california i just wanted to say thank you for correcting the error with my order as efficiently and helpfully as you did. i haven't ever had anyone simply send out the correct item when i received the wrong item, without waiting for the wrong one to be returned. it is greatly appreciated, a rare bit of excellent customer service these days, and i wanted you to know that it does not go unnoticed. back to top michael holman, virginia saw the article about sending gear and "home stuff" to the a 									unit of marines on duty in iraq. after spending 4+ months sailing in the gulf providing support to the marines, i know that it is greatly appreciated to receive care packages from the good ol' usa, especially from complete strangers showing their support. keep it up, chief! besides serving 18+ years of active duty in us navy, i am also a member of a volunteer rescue squad. i will buy my next supplies from you just because of your support of the troops! back to top cynthia a. rizzo, north carolina thank you for your attention, it has been a huge help. the lights are mounted and they look great. i appreciate all you have done to assist me on purchasing and installation. i hope to do business with you again. back to top shane o'donnell, new york you guys are so awesome! it's so easy to order from you. i have ordered two things from you and i will continue to order from you as long as i need to. thanks for such a good service! back to top blake oxford it only took a matter of a couple days for me to recive the products i ordered with standard shipping. chief is fast, efficent, and user friendly. keep up the good work. back to top henry jaeger, north carolina this is my third order with you folks. excellent service which includes a very speedy delivery. good customer service – it's a pleasure. back to top matthew b. lewis, virginia i liked your selection of products and the prices where significantly lower than your competitors. back to top john a. bartol, sr., massachusetts have found your products and service to be first rate. please keep up the good work for public service agencies. back to top captain mike peters, springdale police department, arkansas you should be very proud of the caliber of people you have working for your company, and i look forward to doing business with chief in the future. back to top carrie julian, arizona i just wanted to write a 'thank you' for the great service i received from chief. i am very happy with the product i ordered. i will without a doubt order from here again in the future! back to top wayne c. wylie hello! i just wanted to let you know your company's service is phenomenal! i placed my order wednesday and it was at the house when i came home last night. i was not expecting it until tuesday so the next day was fantastic! i just wanted to give you all some kudos. back to top gloria j lordemann, nebraska i love the last (personalized) shirt i ordered and the squad is considering order new shirts for everyone. back to top michael mckee, indiana just found you guys and from the looks of your selection i will most likely be a long-time buyer. back to top emery e. brelje i tried 4 other suppliers first. yours was the easiest to use. i found what i needed quickly. i put you on my list of favorites. back to top stewart dawson so far i have been very impressed by the attention to detail your company has shown when i ordered a custom badge in january. i will be sure to tell my co-workers about my positive experience with chief. i also appreciate the free 9-11 t-shirt that you sent me, i think it's a kind and patriotic gesture. thank you! back to top shane sprinkle thank you for being so professional about your work. this is the first time that i have ordered from chief and i found out that you have a very friendly staff. your kindness means a lot to people and that goes a long way with me. most people are not as nice. that is why if i need to order something else i will choose chief over any other public safety company. again, thank you for being so professional but yet very friendly. for any other product i may need i will choose your company in the future. back to top you may also like tuff industries 1" x 150' flagging, fluorescent price: $0.99 stoffel seals jr. park ranger plastic badge price: $0.43 stoffel seals deluxe jr. park ranger plastic badge price: $0.43 recently viewed top sellers just added sale prev raine micro phone pouch, narrow w/ clip price: $9.95 next prev emi flashback five light led baton sale: $38.99 regular price: $54.50 propper criticaledge emt pants, men sale: $49.99 regular price: $59.99 5.11 tactical taclite pro pants, poly/cotton ripstop sale: $49.99 regular price: $54.99 5.11 tactical tdu pants, 65/35 poly/cotton ripstop sale: $44.99 regular price: $47.99 under armour valsetz trail boots, men price: $109.99 streamlight rechargeable batteries for stinger, stin... sale: $16.99 regular price: $23.70 5.11 tactical 8" a.t.a.c. side-zip boots, dual gender,... sale: $99.99 regular price: $109.99 emi heavy-duty emergency shears sale: $2.99 regular price: $5.95 smith & wesson model 100 weather shield color handcuffs... sale: $28.99 regular price: $31.36 tru-spec atlanco 24-7 series 65/35 poly/cotton ri... sale: $39.95 regular price: $51.95 5.11 tactical professional short-sleeve polo sale: $34.99 regular price: $37.99 next prev statpacks g1 breather bag, red price: $195.00 streamlight sl-20l led flashlight, hi/med/low/strobe sale: $120.99 regular price: $176.00 whelen cencom sapphire siren with microphone & ... sale: $1,103.99 regular price: $1,341.00 presco inverted marking chalk sale: $59.99 regular price: $64.99 horace small sentry plus long sleeve shirt with front... sale: $37.99 regular price: $53.00 horace small new generation® 3 jacket, 100% nylon sale: $122.99 regular price: $171.00 nupla bolt cutters sale: $127.99 regular price: $170.64 5.11 tactical 8" taclite boot, coyote sale: $129.99 regular price: $139.99 next prev duracell coppertop batteries sale: $7.99 regular price: $11.69 code 3 wingman lightbar, long w/ 6 modules sale: $818.76 regular price: $1,599.99 propper cwu 27/p nomex flight suit, tan sale: $138.99 regular price: $184.99 5.11 tactical class b long-sleeve poly rayon uniform s... sale: $39.99 regular price: $59.99 seco instrument tripod bag, orange sale: $29.99 regular price: $56.95 perfect fit recessed badge wallet w/5 cc slots & sin... sale: $22.99 regular price: $35.50 biothane 2-piece backboard strap, 5 ft. with auto... sale: $14.99 regular price: $18.99 vanmark dale earnhardt jr. figurine, attitude price: $55.00 firehouse decals fire helmet letter firefighter decals, a... sale: $1.00 regular price: $2.50 brunton echo compact dual-hinged binoculars sale: $36.99 regular price: $54.00 vanmark richard petty figurine, boxed price: $15.99 under armour short-sleeve tactical t-shirt with laser... price: $27.99 next call (888) 588-8569 customer service join us news & deals about us help testimonials site feedback affiliate program link to chief online custom badges gsa purchasing shipping & tax find your account manager returns & exchanges product resources shopping cart wish list account track order customer service faq terms of use privacy policy sitemap top searches & brands copyright © chief 1998-2013 all rights reserved. your shopping cart contains the following items sub-total: view your full shopping cart for taxes and shipping. continue shopping checkout view full cart | wish list