来源URL: https://web.archive.org/web/20191010052834/https://chiefsupply.com/pages/testimonials
================================================================================

testimonials - chief supply police clothingclothinggloveseyewearuniformsshirtsbottomshatsjackets & outerwearsocksbeltsclothing accessoriesflight suits & coverallspatches, emblems & nametapesview allbagsbagsbackpackscasesorganizersrolling bagsgun casesduffle baggear bagshydration systemswaist packsbag accessoriesview allopticsopticsnight visionrange findersweapon sightsscopesbinocularsthermal imagingview allgeargearbatonsduty gearholstersbody armorarmor & ballisticsflashlightsrestraints & handcuffsrange gearweapon accessoriestraffic safetycommunications & radiosknives & multi-toolsvehicle equipmentbatteriesview allinvestigationinvestigationforensicsnotebooksevidence storage & collectiondrug & alcohol testingsurveillancetrainersmetal detectorsview allfootwearfootwearpolice footwearoxford shoesbootspolice socksfire & rescue clothingclothingeyewearuniformsshirtsbottomshatsjackets & outerwearsocksbeltsclothing accessoriesview allbagsbagsbackpacksgear bagshydration systemswaist packsbag accessoriesview allppeppeturnout gearwildland fire ppeppe base layersglovesfire bootsgas monitorsextrication ppefire hoodsfire shelters & blanketshelmetsview allfire equipmentfire equipmentfire hosesfire laddersthermal imagingaccountabilitycribbingvalvesfire extinguishersfoam & suppressantsfire hose hardwarewater tanksnozzlesfire hydrant toolsflashlightsview allrescue equipmentrescue equipmenthalligan toolsextrication toolshooks, hammers, axesvehicle lock out kitsrope glovespulleys/anchors/carabinerspatient transportropes/throwlines/webbingharnessesusar helmetsrescue kitsrope & water rescue accessoriesview allems & medical clothingclothinguniformsshirtsbottomshatssocksclothing accessoriesems beltsfirst aid & medicalfirst aid & medicalems & medical first aiddisposable glovesburn treatmentdiagnosticsoxygen airway treatmentinfection controlpatient transportfootwearfootwearshoesbagsems bagsemt bagsbadges custom badgescustom badge order formssmith & warren badge builderbadges & insigniabadgesbadge walletsjunior badgesfamily badgesbadge ornamentsname platescollar brassservice pinswhistles & whistle chainsbadge accessoriesview allcategoriesbrandsclearance click here for department order or call 888.588.8569 menu 0 police clothing & footwear gloves eyewear uniforms shirts bottoms hats jackets & outerwear socks belts clothing accessories flight suits & coveralls patches, emblems & nametapes police footwear oxford shoes boots bags backpacks cases organizers rolling bags gun cases gear bags hydration systems bag accessories optics night vision range finders weapon sights scopes binoculars thermal imaging gear batons duty gear holsters body armor armor & ballistics flashlights restraints & handcuffs range gear weapon accessories traffic safety communications & radios knives & multi-tools vehicle equipment batteries investigation forensics notebooks evidence storage & collection drug & alcohol testing surveillance metal detectors fire & rescue clothing eyewear uniforms shirts bottoms hats jackets & outerwear socks belts clothing accessories bags backpacks gear bags hydration systems waist packs bag accessories ppe turnout gear wildland fire ppe ppe base layers gloves fire boots gas monitors extrication ppe fire hoods fire shelters & blankets helmets fire equipment fire hoses fire ladders thermal imaging accountability cribbing valves fire extinguishers foam & suppressants fire hose hardware water tanks nozzles fire hydrant tools flashlights rescue equipment halligan tools extrication tools hooks, hammers, axes vehicle lock out kits rope gloves pulleys/anchors/carabiners patient transport usar helmets rope & water rescue accessories ems & medical clothing & footwear uniforms shirts bottoms hats socks clothing accessories ems belts shoes first aid & medical ems & medical first aid disposable gloves burn treatment diagnostics oxygen airway treatment infection control patient transport bags ems bags emt bags badges custom badges custom badge order forms smith & warren badge builder badges & insignia badge wallets junior badges family badges badge ornaments name plates collar brass service pins whistles & whistle chains badge accessories categories road emergency self defense shooting range active shooter americana organization firefighter cancer prevention air epidemic natural disasters outdoors brands propper under armour 5.11 tru-spec flir asp bates rothco triumph systems star headlight safariland whelen smith & warren streamlight nightstick eotech sempermed fire-dex perfect fit certified safety stoffel federal signal code 3 gerber coolcop peerless presco sirchie surefire thorogood in stock now clearance blog login click here for department order or call 888.588.8569 blog 0 your cart is empty continue shopping $0.00 subtotal click for more information: us government & international sales | gsa purchasing login police fire & rescue ems & medical badges categories brands in stock now clearance clothing & footwear gloves eyewear uniforms shirts bottoms hats jackets & outerwear socks belts clothing accessories flight suits & coveralls patches, emblems & nametapes police footwear oxford shoes boots bags backpacks cases organizers rolling bags gun cases gear bags hydration systems bag accessories optics night vision range finders weapon sights scopes binoculars thermal imaging gear batons duty gear holsters body armor armor & ballistics flashlights restraints & handcuffs range gear weapon accessories traffic safety communications & radios knives & multi-tools vehicle equipment batteries investigation forensics notebooks evidence storage & collection drug & alcohol testing surveillance metal detectors clothing eyewear uniforms shirts bottoms hats jackets & outerwear socks belts clothing accessories bags backpacks gear bags hydration systems waist packs bag accessories ppe turnout gear wildland fire ppe ppe base layers gloves fire boots gas monitors extrication ppe fire hoods fire shelters & blankets helmets fire equipment fire hoses fire ladders thermal imaging accountability cribbing valves fire extinguishers foam & suppressants fire hose hardware water tanks nozzles fire hydrant tools flashlights rescue equipment halligan tools extrication tools hooks, hammers, axes vehicle lock out kits rope gloves pulleys/anchors/carabiners patient transport usar helmets rope & water rescue accessories clothing & footwear uniforms shirts bottoms hats socks clothing accessories ems belts shoes first aid & medical ems & medical first aid disposable gloves burn treatment diagnostics oxygen airway treatment infection control patient transport bags ems bags emt bags custom badges custom badge order forms smith & warren badge builder badges & insignia badge wallets junior badges family badges badge ornaments name plates collar brass service pins whistles & whistle chains badge accessories road emergency self defense shooting range active shooter americana organization firefighter cancer prevention air epidemic natural disasters outdoors propper under armour 5.11 tru-spec flir asp bates rothco triumph systems star headlight safariland whelen smith & warren streamlight nightstick eotech sempermed fire-dex perfect fit certified safety stoffel federal signal code 3 gerber coolcop peerless presco sirchie surefire thorogood testimonials have some feedback for chief? send it to us » joy b., rooftop rodeo just wanted to thank chief and my super accout rep, mark, for the excellent service in getting our commemorative 85th birthday badges produced, shipped, and delivered so quickly. mark was very helpful to me in getting the product ordered, and then he followed up at least once a week to keep me informed on the status. excellent service and product! tsgt ezer r. garcia, ncoic dispatch & logistics manager i just want to tell you thank you very much. every single rep that has been assigned to my account have been absolutely awesome! i have enjoyed working with every single one of you. one of the main reasons why i keep coming back to you guys is for your excellent service, products, and amazing working relationships i have established. i will most definitely pass your company name on to every single fire department i go to! marc winburn, emt-i, las vegas, nevada so, once again, i've received an e-mail asking for my input on how the customer service was. once again, here it is. one word, outstanding!!! although i was initially not completely satisfied due to the pants being on back-order, you have totally come through and got them delivered to me earlier than i was expecting. thank you. with that and the constant follow-ups asking me what i thought, i can confidently say i would purchase from you again, as well as recommend you to others. robert sanders, georgia i got my boots yesterday, thanks. i usually dread having to return anything, but this has been very easy. thanks again for the for professional service. ryan burkholder, virginia i wanted to compliment the order time to receive time following my purchase from chief. i ordered a badge holder which turned out to be very nice quality for such a low price that i needed by this weekend. the order was placed on sunday while chief was closed. the order was processed monday and it arrived on my doorstep wednesday. very fast shipping and top quality products. this is my second purchase from chief and will not be my last. thank you. jimmy ostaseski, new york you guys/gals are awesome! once again you came through for me big time. this is only my second time ordering from you, but each time you got everything to me asap. you are a great company. i will only buy my stuff from chief in the future and tell everyone else to do the same. again, my thanks. neil ambrose, north carolina are you serious?????? i've just received my order and i just ordered it less than 24 hours ago. wow. even after i messed up on my banking card number. sara was awesome as well as the product. my first order with chief but not my last. thanks for the outstanding service! chief deputy steve smith, scotland county sheriff's office, north carolina i'd just like to say that jeff oszakiewski with the charlotte, nc, office has been an absolute pleasure to work with on our equipment orders. he spends time and attention to the details of securing the products we want and helps us secure the best pricing possible on our orders. jeff's follow-up is excellent and his work in solving any minor problems with shipping or billing issues is appreciated. i will continue to order supplies from him. thankfully for chief, he works for you. fto daniel wood, armed forces europe i am currently in the middle east. i ordered some stuff from you for my job. i really liked the qaulity of the items. you also sent some free stuff with it. very nice free stuff. i just want to tell you how much that it is appreciated to get free stuff. it really means a lot to us over here. stella raulston, washington i want to send a very big thank you to theresa farris. theresa has went above and beyond to ensure that all of my questions were answered. theresa also took the time to discuss other options that would meet my facility's needs. while working with theresa it became very evident that she enjoys what she does and wants the best for her customers. i highly commend her for the great job she does. thank you theresa! maureen marymee, fiscal technician i would like to take this opportunity to inform you of the excellent service i have received from andrea nau. after having a negative experience with another vendor, i have found it refreshing to work with your company because of andrea. her knowledge of your products has been of great value to me as well as her promptness in filling our orders. the one aspect of her service that i personally appreciate is her follow-up. so many companies do not inform you of any problems concerning the delivery of your order, but andrea keeps me informed. i am in charge of placing orders for our ballistic vests and during this "r period" andrea has assisted me with these orders. she has correctly questioned some of the measurements i submitted which made the difference in a correct fit for a vest. i am thankful for having andrea assigned to our account and look forward to ordering from her again in the future. jill, new york just wanted to thank you so much for the quality product i just received. it is a gift for my brother for christmas and i couldn't be happier about the quality and the service. the embroidery is first class! he will love it! thanks so much. lisa parker thank you very much for your prompt response. i've always been pleased with chief, and i'm glad to see that the first time i had an issue, it was dealt with so quickly. i'm glad, too, that this was an issue you were aware of and are trying to fix. thank you again for your quick response. i look forward to continued business with chief. chip johnston, new hampshire my business requires we answer the analysis needs of our clients in a thorough and timely manner. there have been several times when we have needed reconstruction supplies, from service bulletins to tools used in the field. we continue to order from chief because we have found your good services allow us to continue to meet our clients' needs, and i want to say thank you. marshall doyle, minnesota thanks for your fast and great service on my recent order. emily metcalf, north carolina thanks for having great deals and awesome stuff! michelle basile i received my jacket yesterday, and it is perfect. it is better than i thought it would be. i love the style. i just wanted to tell you all that you did a great job, and i look forward to future purchases from chief. thanks again. ronald k. raglan i received a jacket i ordered through your company, and wow! the jacket is really nice, and the embroidery is just the way i wanted it. your company is really a top-notch company. your service to your customers is unbelievable. thank you very much for everything. janice lacharity the raincoats arrived on tuesday. i must say that i am truly impressed. for the price we paid, i can't get over the quality of the coats. the lettering was perfect as well. my chief was pleased with my choice. thanks for taking care of me and helping me to score a few points on the job.... anything that i send your way - i will. 1lt david n. peters, fob warrior, iraq, u.s. army the seatbelt cutters have arrived and not a moment too late either. on behalf of the soldiers of 3rd brigade, 25th infantry division, i would like to say, "thank you." your support and expedited manufacturing and shipping process has quite possibly saved many lives for the time we will be over here. hooah! fred greenstein, nicholasville, kentucky last time i ordered service was incredible! great product too! thanks. ruth hartford, emergency medical technology, inc., washington steven driver – thank you so much for your excellent customer care. i appreciate the way you provide very special attention to detail, and your follow-up is great! thanks again. damon favor we just received a call from one of your customer service representatives with resolution to our order issues. thank you for restoring our faith in your company. your excellent customer service and timely solution to the problems with our order are greatly appreciated. we look forward to doing business with chief in the future. you guys are doing a great job! lisa mooris, new jersey i would like to give a huge thank-you to amanda for making my little boy's birthday the best ever. she made sure that my order was taken care of and got here on time. wayne c. wylie hello! i just wanted to let you know your company's service is phenomenal! i placed my order wednesday and it was at the house when i came home last night. i was not expecting it until tuesday so the next day was fantastic! i just wanted to give you all some kudos. michael holman, virginia saw the article about sending gear and "home stuff" to the a unit of marines on duty in iraq. after spending 4+ months sailing in the gulf providing support to the marines, i know that it is greatly appreciated to receive care packages from the good ol' usa, especially from complete strangers showing their support. keep it up, chief! besides serving 18+ years of active duty in us navy, i am also a member of a volunteer rescue squad. i will buy my next supplies from you just because of your support of the troops! shane sprinkle thank you for being so professional about your work. this is the first time that i have ordered from chief and i found out that you have a very friendly staff. your kindness means a lot to people and that goes a long way with me. most people are not as nice. that is why if i need to order something else i will choose chief over any other public safety company. again, thank you for being so professional but yet very friendly. for any other product i may need i will choose your company in the future. jim newton, alabama the best customer service ever! just wanted to let your company know what great customer service you all have. i ordered the incorrect item, then spoke to a lady in customer service took care of the return. i received the correct item that i needed within a couple of days. that is what i call wonderful customer service! cynthia a. rizzo, north carolina thank you for your attention, it has been a huge help. the lights are mounted and they look great. i appreciate all you have done to assist me on purchasing and installation. i hope to do business with you again. marlee i want to take a moment to thank chief for the great service! i have ordered my propper emt pants here a couple of times and they are the best pants i have ever had. they are the best. chief's delivery is fast. i ordered another pair of pants recently and had them with in 3-4 days, fabulous! your marketing slogan you have right now is excellent. it is a good feeling to have a company that can take care of responders needs. i thank you for being here with quality products and exceptional delivery and service. william m. wilson i just wanted to take a moment to acknowledge the assistance we received from one of your employees, lily rees. my wife and i routinely lament the fact that customer service seems to be a thing of the past. but every once in a while, we have an experience with someone that restores our faith that there are people out there who still know how to treat people well. ms. rees has been one of those people. not only was her initial assistance more than we have become accustomed to, but her continued willingness to follow through when my wife had further questions and concerns was impressive. we are more than pleased with the product, but quite frankly, what makes us want to recommend your company to others and to do business here in the future ourselves is how well ms. rees treated us. joyce coffey just thanks for setting up a hurricane relief. we were right in the heart of katrina and it was not a nice place to be but could have been much worse. thanks! jeff i'm not used to working with a company that gives so much personal attention to an order and so quickly. i think you just got me to throw my galls catalog away! marlee bergeson the direction chief is taking is good. great customer service! chief's customer service has always been the best i have ever experienced. i work part-time customer service on the phones myself and know how challenging it is. your representatives are the best! keep up the outstanding work. michael obrowski, m.d. keep up the great work and good pricing! ezequiel santiago, new jersey i like your company very much and i will only buy from you now! your people are great, especially amanda. she was very nice and caring, and treated me like a first-class customer, not another number! all companies should have people like her on board. thank you again! shane o'donnell, new york you guys are so awesome! it's so easy to order from you. i have ordered two things from you and i will continue to order from you as long as i need to. thanks for such a good service! jeffery smith, oregon i couldn't be happier with the exceptional customer service provided by chief. i placed my first order and received it promptly as scheduled. more than that, the receptionist and both customer service reps i spoke with were genuinely friendly and very helpful. i will definitely be a long-term customer with chief. thank you. craig snelgrove, california i just wanted to say thank you for correcting the error with my order as efficiently and helpfully as you did. i haven't ever had anyone simply send out the correct item when i received the wrong item, without waiting for the wrong one to be returned. it is greatly appreciated, a rare bit of excellent customer service these days, and i wanted you to know that it does not go unnoticed. blake oxford it only took a matter of a couple days for me to recive the products i ordered with standard shipping. chief is fast, efficent, and user friendly. keep up the good work. henry jaeger, north carolina this is my third order with you folks. excellent service which includes a very speedy delivery. good customer service – it's a pleasure. captain mike peters, springdale police department, arkansas you should be very proud of the caliber of people you have working for your company, and i look forward to doing business with chief in the future. carrie julian, arizona i just wanted to write a 'thank you' for the great service i received from chief. i am very happy with the product i ordered. i will without a doubt order from here again in the future! gloria j lordemann, nebraska i love the last (personalized) shirt i ordered and the squad is considering order new shirts for everyone. stewart dawson so far i have been very impressed by the attention to detail your company has shown when i ordered a custom badge in january. i will be sure to tell my co-workers about my positive experience with chief. i also appreciate the free 9-11 t-shirt that you sent me, i think it's a kind and patriotic gesture. thank you! subscribe sign up to get the latest on sales, new releases and more … more shopping products resources/guides gsa purchasing find your account manager affiliate program customer service call 888-588-8569 contact us online returns & exchanges shipping & tax faqs chief about us testimonials privacy policy sitemap © 2019 chief supply. powered by shopify