来源URL: https://web.archive.org/web/20091023135017/https://appliancezone.com/About.aspx
================================================================================

appliancezone.com about us home find parts contact us helpzone my account about us best price guarantee appliancezone racing new announcement for 2010 on sale! shop with confidence follow us specialty services best price guarantee product requests rapid response email appliancepartsblog.com shopping cart your cart is currently empty. shipping methods economy shipping $5.95 2-10 business days | more standard shipping $7.95 2-5 business days | more express shipping $12.95 2-3 business days | more nextday shipping $35.00 1 business day | more alaska,hawaii,pr $8.95 5-10 business days | more canada shipping $14.95 5-14 business days | more international $35.00 5-14 business days | more payment methods about us about appliance zone april 2009 incorporated in late 2008, appliance zone is by far the fastest growing company in the online appliance parts industry, the company has grown from six employees in late 2008 to over twenty in the first quarter of 2009. sales have tripled in the first quarter of this year alone, expectations for appliance zone to become the #1 appliance parts company in the united states and perhaps even the world are extremely high. ceo jim allen has put together one of the best teams possible in the industry. not from a appliance parts background of executives and money counters, but from a pool of everyday ordinary people that understand the meaning of service and what a dollar means to many people in this tough economy. that's what makes appliance zone what it is today. we use cost cutting measures everyday and pass the savings on to our customers, this is why it is possible for appliance zone to offer "the best price guarantee". we don't hand out million dollar bonuses in this company and never will, we do however care about doing absolutely everything we can to offer our customers the best price possible! appliance zone ceo jim allen as you read on you will see the many things that appliance zone has to offer to it's customers, whether it be a professional race car driver, a money saver for our customer's "price checker", a tool to assist the professional appliance repairman, we're always looking for new things to try. brad smith motorsports announces full arca series season in 2010, appliancezone.com to expand support december 2009 appliancezone.com, one of the largest online retailers of appliance parts and accessories, will renew and expand its primary sponsorship of the brad smith motorsports team for 2010 in the arca racing series presented by re/max and menards-building on a marketing partnership initially established in april of 2009. jim allen, ceo and founder of appliancezone.com, says the race team will be more polished and competitive in 2010 as a result of a new short-track car, strong intermediate track cars, and a respectable superspeedway restrictor-plate car. roush-yates powerplants will be added to the intermediate track cars and a professional toterhome-trailer unit is being purchased. "motorsports sponsorship is a 'family friendly' activity that enables our family-owned business to attract, reward and interact with the hundreds of thousands of households relying on the appliancezone.com for quality products and service at a 'family friendly' cost," said appliancezone.com's ceo and founder, jim allen. "brad smith and his team share our competitive spirit, family values and enthusiasm for racing. we're looking forward to building on what we've already accomplished together and hope appliancezone.com customers and friends will get involved in our mission to win lots of exciting races in the year ahead." brad smith, ceo of brad smith motorsports inc., is equally enthusiastic about the year ahead. "it feels great to have our many years of hard work result in this partnership with appliancezone.com," he said. "landing them as our primary sponsor is a strong indicator that this team is moving in the right direction. it's a huge step up for our program and a real opportunity to turn this team into a consistent top-10 competitor. we're committed to doing a great job for the appliancezone family and distributors, customers and race fans, and will surprise a few people in 2010." the appliancezone.com/brad smith motorsports team plans to participate in the full arca (automobile racing club of america) racing series schedule in 2010. the series, now going into its 58th season, is comprised of twenty events including a diverse combination of superspeedways, short tracks, dirt tracks and road courses. daytona int'l speedway will host the season opener for the 47th consecutive season. the lucas oil slick mist 200 will follow pole qualifying for the daytona 500, and serve as the preamble for the same-day nascar sprint cup budweiser shootout on saturday, february 6th. the 2010 tour will conclude with championship weekend at rockingham speedway on october 9th. in between, the series will appear at a wide variety of venues making up the most versatile mix in all of motorsports. new announcement for 2010! december 2009 appliancezone.com announces expanded motorsports program -- online appliance parts/accessories retailer increases sponsorship of brad smith motorsports corydon, indiana – appliancezone.com, one of the largest online retailers of appliance parts and accessories, will renew and expand its primary sponsorship of the brad smith motorsports team for 2010 –building on a marketing partnership initially established in april of 2009. jim allen, ceo and founder of appliancezone.com, says the race team will be more polished and competitive in 2010 as a result of a new short-track car, strong intermediate track cars, and a respectable superspeedway restrictor-plate car. roush-yates powerplants will be added to the intermediate track cars and a professional toterhome-trailer unit is being purchased. “motor sports sponsorship is a ‘family friendly’ activity that enables our family-owned business to attract, reward and interact with the hundreds of thousands of households relying on the appliancezone.com for quality products and service at a ‘family friendly’ cost,” said appliancezone.com’s ceo and founder, jim allen. “brad smith and his team share our competitive spirit, family values and enthusiasm for racing. we’re looking forward to building on what we’ve already accomplished together and hope appliancezone.com customers and friends will get involved in our mission to win lots of exciting races in the year ahead.” brad smith, ceo of brad smith motorsports inc., is equally enthusiastic about the year ahead. “it feels great to have our many years of hard work result in this partnership with appliancezone.com,” he said. “landing them as our primary sponsor is a strong indicator that this team is moving in the right direction. it’s a huge step up for our program and a real opportunity to turn this team into a consistent top-10 competitor. we’re committed to doing a great job for the appliancezone family and distributors, customers and race fans, and will surprise a few people in 2010. the appliancezone.com/brad smith motorsports team plans to participate in the arca (automobile racing club of america) re/max racing series in 2010. the series, now going into its 58th season, is comprised of twenty events including a diverse combination of superspeedways, short tracks, dirt tracks and road courses. daytona int'l speedway will host the season opener for the 47th consecutive season. the lucas oil slick mist 200 will follow pole qualifying for the daytona 500, and serve as the preamble for the same-day nascar sprint cup budweiser shootout on saturday, february 6th. the 2010 tour will conclude with championship weekend at rockingham speedway on october 9th. in between, the series will appear at a wide variety of venues making up the most versatile mix in all of motorsports. about appliancezone.com incorporated in 2008, appliancezone.com is a leading online retailer of appliance parts and accessories to do-it-yourself homeowners. it was created by ceo, jim allen, an experienced appliance repair technician and appliance retailer, and his family (including wife and children, all of whom are personally involved in the day-to-day operation of the business). appliancezone.com offers over 485,000 products and is the only online appliance parts retailer to include a price checker feature that instantly checks appliancezone.com pricing versus competitors. appliancezone served nearly 200,000 different households in 2009 and has enjoyed significant growth during every year of operation. about brad smith motorsports based in romeo, michigan, was founded in 1999 by ceo/driver brad smith. smith raced in the arca (automobile racing club of america) series for other teams beginning in 1988. he’s had nearly 250 arca career starts, has been a consistent top-20 driver in arca since 2001, and was voted arca’s “sportsman of the year in 2006. having accomplished numerous lead-lap & top-15 finishes at prestigious tracks such as daytona, talladega, pocono, chicago, kansas, springfield & duquoin, he is now approved for approved for nascar competition in 2010. appliancezone.com joins brad smith motorsports for 2009 arca season april 2009 corydon in (4-1-09) - brad smith motorsports and appliancezone.com announced today a marketing partnership under which appliancezone.com will be the primary sponsor on smith's no. 26 fords for the remainder of the 2009 arca re/max series season. the indiana-based company will kick off the new partnership in its home state in this sunday's kentuckiana ford dealers 200 presented by federated car care at salem speedway. "we're glad to welcome appliancezone.com aboard for the 2009 season," said smith, who will make his 193rd career arca re/max series start at salem. "appliancezone.com is coming aboard at a time when we really need a marketing partner. we look forward to representing them this year and well into the future. they strike me as a "blue-collar" type business and we are a blue-collar race team. it's a great match." the indiana-based internet company that supplies appliance repair components to 'do-it-yourself' customers was looking for a long-term motorsports marketing program, and has found a good match with the brad smith motorsports team, on-track to make its 200th career arca re/max series start at mansfield motorsports park in june. "we wanted to get into motorsports," said jim allen, ceo of appliancezone.com. "it was a matter of finding a team we were comfortable with. we've found that team." allen, who brings a great deal of passion to the appliance repair business, has started four companies in the appliance industry beginning in 1992 at the age of twenty-three. appliance repair specialists was his first company and his foundation for future companies to come. in 2006, allen moved into the world of e-commerce and launched appliance parts specialists with immediate success, which ultimately led to the creation of appliance zone in october of 2008. appliance zone is expected to achieve sales of over $8 million in 2009, and doubling that in 2010. smith has made 192 arca re/max series starts since 1988. he finished a career-best 13th in driver points in 2001. smith also finished 14th in driver points in '06, 14th in '04, 16th in '07, '05, '03, '02 & '88 and 17th in '08. smith graduated from central michigan university with master's degree in business administration. he also holds a bachelor's degree in mechanical engineering from suffield university. appliancezoneracing.com april 2009 if you have time please visit our latest addition "appliance zone racing"we are so proud to be part of the racing community! best price guarantee september 2008 at appliance zone you're covered with our best price guarantee on all of our products. if you find a lower price than ours on the internet, we will make every effort to beat the competitor's price. see store for details.because of our buying power we are able to negotiate better pricing from the manufacturers and distributors, therefore we can pass the savings on to you! competitor price checker! our newest addition to appliance zone, our competitors hate it, but i guarantee you will love it! check prices among other websites, if you find a lower price, just simply contact our products team and we will lower the price to beat our competitor's price. see store for details. why does appliancezone.com not allow certain part returns? there are so many companies out there who accept electrical part returns, why shouldn’t we do it too? were you aware that those companies resell the returned parts to other consumers? we can guarantee you that the companies that are allowing these returns are then in turn selling these parts back to the public because it would be to costly for them to dispose of them so what else can they do but to resell them. so when you see this –“return any part for any reason”- beware because ultimately you may be the one buying that part. appliancezone.com has a strict duty to you, the consumer, to not sell you any electrical or gas parts that has been used and or installed. we estimate that approximately 80% of part return requests on electrical parts are parts that have been installed and after doing so the customer discovered that they had misdiagnosed the problem and replaced the wrong part. if we allowed customers to return electrical or gas products then we would of course in turn have to resell them and this would create a situation in which our customers are receiving used parts that other customers have used, perhaps while misdiagnosing a problem with their appliance and in which the part could have been damaged and or the life of the part shortened because of improper diagnosis or installation. this is not fair to our customers and we can not in good faith resell these parts. if we allow these items to be returned we are then not able to guarantee to you, our customers, that we are selling you new genuine factory parts. if we allowed returns on electrical parts that have been installed we would in fact be hurting our customers because they are receiving parts that may now be damaged and that would defiantly be void of a manufacturer warranty. so out of respect for you, and others like you, we cannot accept electrical or gas parts returned for a refund. but however if you purchase a part that is not for your model we will exchange it for you for the correct like part, an example would be a timer exchanged for a timer, but only if the part has not been used or installed. it is only fair that way. the allenbar : appliance technicians you're going to love this tool! march 2004 i designed this for my own personal use when i was an appliance service technician. around 2002 i was changing a motor in a whirlpool dryer and i was having a hard time getting the last motor clip fastened down, generally most service guys use a flat blade screwdriver to do this, anyways the screwdriver slipped off the clip and there went my left hand right across the motor mount resulting in several stitches. afterwards i called my parts supplier up and asked our sales rep if he could locate a tool that would help prevent this sort of thing from happening again. after checking with whirlpool, maytag, frigidaire, and ge he was unable to locate any kind of tool that could be used specifically for changing dryer motors. so i decided then to make something up for myself to use, after a few attempts i finally found a design i was happy with. i carried this around in my tool box for about a year when i decided that since it worked so well i would try my hand at selling it to other service technicians such as myself. after several thousands of dollars in design, packaging, logo's, advertising, and of course...lawyers, my product hit the shelves nationwide of most major appliance parts distributors in 2004. to date about twenty thousand have been sold worldwide but most right here in the good ole usa! it was definitely a trying experience and i'm glad my wife and kids pushed me to follow through with it because there were definitely times i wanted to abandon the project. it won't ever bring millions but if this handy tool can save a few appliance technicians knuckles from being busted up or fingers sliced, then i guess its worth it! most appliance distributors carry the allenbar nationwide. after searching for a tool specifically designed for removing retainer clips, and coming up dry, jim was determined to make his own. jim allen perfected his invention and named it the allenbar.buy it here! sign up now for the latest info on new products, newsletters, and specials! © appliancezone® terms & conditions website suggestions home | find parts | contact us | helpzone | about | sign in whirlpool parts | maytag parts | ge parts | amana parts | bosch parts | kitchenaid parts | jenn-air parts | dacor parts | magic chef parts | frigidaire parts | hotpoint parts | dishwasher parts dryer parts | microwave parts | refrigerator parts | stove oven range parts | washer parts