来源URL: https://web.archive.org/web/20121219192356/https://www.appliancezone.com/help-zone/terms-conditions.aspx
================================================================================

appliancezone.com terms and conditions home find parts contact us helpzone my account about us news close window [x] please pick one 1. i need help placing an order 2. assistance with locating a part 3. i need assistance with an order i placed 4. technical support 5. questions regarding my charge model number: part needed: i need to cancel my order i need to track my order my order was damaged the part i received is defective i am missing an item from my order i received a different part than i ordered i need to return a part that i ordered i need to check the status of my refund enter to win! now available anytime! inc. 500 2010 honoree follow us follow us on specialty services product requests rapid response email appliancepartsblog.com model number locator shopping cart your cart is currently empty. ceo's corner shipping methods standard shipping $6.95 3-5 business days | more express shipping $12.95 2-3 business days | more nextday shipping $24.95 1 business day | more alaska, hawaii, pr $12.95 5-10 business days | more canada shipping $24.95 3-10 business days | more international $35.00 5-14 business days | more payment methods terms and conditions by using this site you agree to the following terms and conditions of use.  if you do not agree to the following terms and conditions of use you may not use this site. introduction appliancezone.com ("the site"), as well as the websites of our affiliates and subsidiaries, are currently being provided free-of-charge to you. the terms "you", "your", and "yours" refer to the customer/purchaser utilizing our site(s). the terms "appliancezone", "appliancezone.com", "we", "us", and "our" refer to appliancezone.com. we reserve the right to change the nature of this relationship at any time and to revise these terms and conditions from time to time as we see fit. if you violate the terms of this agreement you will have your access canceled and you may be permanently banned from using the site and any interactive services. you should check these terms and conditions periodically. by using the site after we post changes to these terms and conditions, you agree to accept those changes. privacy please review our privacy & security policy, which also governs your visit to the site, to understand our practices. trademark and copyrights appliancezone.com contains materials that are protected by international copyright, trademark, and other intellectual property laws. appliance zone® and appliancezone.com® are trademarks registered with the u.s. patent and trademark office. these marks and other trademarks and service marks owned by appliance zone, llc whether or not registered, the web sites and their contents, including text, graphics, logos, photographs and images, are protected by u.s. and international trademark and copyright laws. these materials are the property appliance zone, llc or are used with permission of their respective owners. all rights therein are reserved. the materials on the site are provided for informational and promotional purposes only. you may print portions of the site for your private, personal, noncommercial use as a shopping resource only. the following trademarks and their respective design elements, which may be displayed on the site, belong to their respective owners and are used for informational purposes only and not to suggest an affiliation with or endorsement of appliancezone, appliancezone.com, or appliance zone, llc: searspartsdirect, repairclinic, partselect, appliancepartspros, partstap, easyapplianceparts, pcappliancerepair, appliancehelp, partstore shopperscanned, bizrate, shopping.com, yahoo, yahooshopping, shopzilla, amazon.com, ups, fedex, united states postal service, visa, mastercard, american express, discover, paypal, thawte. best price guarantee eligibility requirements: the internet retailer must be an authorized dealer of the item. no private individuals or auctions (ie: ebay, amazon, ect.) best price guarantee includes the product price, shipping & handling charges, and sales tax when calculating the competitor's total price. the internet retailer's lower price must be published on their website. the product being price matched must have a published list price. terms & conditions: appliancezone.com reserves the right to determine if the competitor's offer is legitimate. the internet retailer's lower price must not require membership fees, coupons, product-bundling purchase, or rebates. we reserve the right to not sell any product below its cost. price of products on the site are subject to change without notice. errors will be corrected when discovered, and we reserve the right to revoke any stated offer and to correct any errors, inaccuracies, or omissions (including after an order has been submitted). the best price guarantee does not include the freight cost of oversized shipments. if appliancezone.com is unable to match prices with the competitor, we may at our discretion offer a discount as an alternative. please note: appliancezone.com doesn't guarantee that it has the "best price" online, but that we will make every effort to beat the competitor's price. appliancezone.com reserves the right to not sell any product below its cost and therefore may be unable to meet the lower price of a competitor. please be aware that appliancezone.com only sells the newest parts shipped directly from the manufacturer to our warehouses. we do not accept price matches for re-manufactured, re-furbished, unsealed or counterfeit products. the best price guarantee can only be applied prior to checkout. links to third party sites we are not responsible for the content of any sites that may be linked to or from the site. we do not alter or change these sites, these links are provided for your convenience only and you access them at your own risk. any other website accessed from the site are independent from appliancezone, and appliancezone.com has no control over the content of that other website. (this includes our price checker along with other services we provide) in addition, a link to any other web site does not imply that we endorse or accept any responsibility for the content or use of such other web site. your account if you use the site, you are responsible for maintaining the confidentiality of my account and password and for restricting access to your computer, and you agree to accept responsibility for all activities that occur under my account or password. we and our affiliates reserve the right to refuse service, terminate accounts, remove or edit content, or cancel orders in our sole discretion. upon placing an order and submitting your contact email address to appliancezone.com or our affiliates, you are agreeing that you may receive some promotions during certain seasons. export the u.s. export control laws regulate the export and re-export of technology originating in the united states. this includes the electronic transmission of information and software to foreign countries and to certain foreign nationals. you agree to abide by these laws and their regulations. indemnification you agree to indemnify and defend appliancezone and its employees, directors, officers, affiliates or other representatives, from and against any and all claims, damages, costs and expenses, including attorneys' fees, arising from or related to your use of the site. termination of usage we may terminate your access or suspend your right to access all or part of the site, without notice, for any conduct that we, in our sole discretion, believe is in violation of any applicable law or is harmful to the interests of another user, associates, or appliancezone.com. in addition, we reserve the right to refuse an order from any customer at our sole discretion. disclaimers and limitations of liability appliancezone.com is owned and operated by appliance zone, llc. in using appliancezone.com you recognize that all information delivered on the sites is provided "as is" and without warranty and that representations, including representations regarding third-party pricing, should not be relied upon without independent verification of the user. appliancezone.com provides links and pointers to web sites and information provided by third-parties. such links and information do not imply an endorsement or sponsorship of these sites nor of the information, products or services offered through the sites. we do not operate or control any information including product information and pricing information offered through the competitor price checker derived from third-party web sites and displayed on or through appliancezone.com, and therefore the information provided on third-party products and pricing is offered "as is" and without warranties of any kind, express or implied. we assume no responsibility for and make no representations that the information provided by third-party web sites is accurate or up to date at the time it is provided and we expressly disclaim all warranties of any kind in such information to the extent permitted by law. we do not warrant or represent that the function or operation of appliancezone.com will be error-free.  we cannot be responsible for information generated in connection with incorrect data provided by the customer or purchaser including an invalid part number.  you are encouraged to verify independently third-party pricing displayed on appliancezone.com and to contact a service representative at appliancezone.com with any questions you have about product pricing. the information, including pricing information offered through the competitor price checker, offered on appliancezone.com is intended for informational purposes only and is not intended for commercial use. the user expressly assumes all responsibility for such use and appliance zone, llc shall not be liable for any loss resulting from voluntary use of its services. under no circumstances shall appliancezone.com or its associates be liable for any direct, indirect, incidental, special, or consequential damages that result from the use of or inability to use the site, including but not limited to reliance by a user on any information obtained at the site, or that result from mistakes, omissions, interruptions, deletion of files or e-mail, errors, defects, viruses, delays in operation or transmission, or any failure of performance, whether or not resulting from acts of god, communications failure, theft, destruction or unauthorized access to appliancezone.com records, programs or services. the foregoing limitation of liability shall apply whether in an action of contract, negligence, or other tortious action, even if an authorized representative of appliancezone.com has been advised of or should have knowledge of the possibility of such damages. you hereby acknowledge that this paragraph shall apply to all content, merchandise and services available through the site. because some states do not allow the exclusion or limitation of liability for consequential or incidental damages, in such states liability is limited to the fullest extent permitted by law. prices and availability of products on the site are subject to change without notice. errors will be corrected when discovered, and we reserve the right to revoke any stated offer and to correct any errors, inaccuracies, or omissions (including after an order has been submitted). although we take steps to ensure the accuracy and completeness of product and third-party services that are posted on the site, please refer to the manufacturer for details. product availability. although availability may be indicated on the site, we cannot guarantee product availability and products, nonetheless, a product may not be available for immediate delivery. we reserve the right, without liability or prior notice, to revise, discontinue, or cease to make available any or all products or to cancel any order. information we receive from a particular manufacturer may not be immediately updated in our records, therefore product availability may be inaccurate or not updated on our website within a reasonable amount of time. compliance with return policies. you agree to comply with and be bound by the return policies in connection with returns of products purchased through this site. our current return policy (located in the help zone area of our website) is incorporated herein by reference and made part of these terms and conditions. general these terms represent the entire understanding relating to the use of the site and prevail over any prior or contemporaneous, conflicting, additional, or other communications. we may revise these terms at any time without notice or consent by updating this posting. so in order to ensure consistency in the interpretation and enforcement of these terms, these terms, the website, and your use of the website will be governed in all respects by the laws of the state of indiana, usa, (exclusive of its choice of law rules), and the federal laws of the united states. in addition, any suit brought by you in relation to these terms, this website, or your use of the website must be maintained in a state or federal court located in the state of indiana, and you submit to the personal jurisdiction of such courts. your representations you represent that you are not a minor and that you are not under any legal or other disability which limits your ability to comply with these terms or to install and use the products you purchase with minimal risk of harm to you or others. sign up now for the latest info on new products, newsletters, and specials! © appliancezone® terms & conditions website suggestions home | find parts | contact us | helpzone | about | | sign in whirlpool parts | maytag parts | ge parts | amana parts | bosch parts | kitchenaid parts | jenn-air parts | dacor parts | magic chef parts | frigidaire parts | hotpoint parts | dishwasher parts dryer parts | microwave parts | refrigerator parts | stove oven range parts | washer parts