来源URL: https://web.archive.org/web/20101224193354/http://www.aquasana.com/privacy_policy.php
================================================================================

aquasana water filters - privacy policy 866-662-6885 sign up for exclusive offers, product info and more: drinking water filters shower filters whole house water filters replacement cartridges water bottles & totes water filter combo packs water filter accessories mywater view all products prevention & healing asthma skin disorders water contamination healthy lifestyle water faqs raising small children importance of water inhealth and fitness is bottled water the right choice? how much water shouldi drink? weight loss, dietingand skin care mywater water filters shower filters international dealers aquasana blog leadership my cart has 0 items my account aquasana privacy policy aquasana® privacy policy (last revised april 23, 2008) sun water systems, inc. and its affiliates and subsidiaries (collectively, "aquasana") are committed to the protection and appropriate use of the information you submit to us online. this privacy policy (the "policy") describes how we collect, use and safeguard personal information obtained from individual consumers in the united states through this website (the "site"). what personal information do we collect? aquasana collects personal information from visitors to this site such as names, postal addresses, e-mail addresses, user id, password and, if you make an online purchase, credit card information. personal information is collected only for specific purposes and with the knowledge of the person providing the personal information. to access the site you are not required to register or submit any personal information.the content of this site is not directed to children and aquasana does not knowingly collect personal information from persons under eighteen years of age. why do we collect this personal information? purposes for which aquasana may collect personal information online include, but are not limited to: "contact us" features. aquasana encourages visitors to the site to contact us with questions and requests. aquasana also offers e-mail news updates for visitors who expressly request that service. personal information of persons using these features may be collected in order to facilitate our responses to those inquiries. product registration. purchasers of certain aquasana products may want to register their purchases online so that they can take advantage of warranties, product updates and other benefits. purchasers are asked to submit certain personal information such as names, postal addresses and e-mail addresses as part of the product registration process. water 4 life® program registration. aquasana offers the water 4 life® program which provides benefits to purchasers of aquasana drinking water filters and shower filters. the water 4 life® program online registration process requests personal information concerning the individual who signs up. participants in the water 4 life® program also may need to provide personal information in order to redeem program benefits. requests for consumer brochures and videos. aquasana may offer product information, including brochures and videos, through the site. persons ordering those materials are asked to provide their name and postal address. what other information do we collect? we collect non-personally identifiable information, which does not personally identify you, in the following ways: aggregated information additionally, we may aggregate personal information in a manner such that the information does not personally identify you or any other user of the site, for example, by using personal information to calculate the percentage of our users who have a particular telephone area code or follow a particular path through the site. such aggregate information is considered non-personally identifiable information for purposes of this policy. "clickstream" data the site automatically collects certain data concerning its interactions with visitors that facilitate site operation, management and planning. such data may include the ip address of your computer, the date and time of an online request, the type of browser and operating system used by your computer, the time required to download information you requested, and error codes generated while your browser is in contact with the site. cookies and other technologies cookies are small text files, placed on the hard drive of a visitor's computer, that facilitate the operation of the site and visitors' use of the site. as is standard practice on most corporate websites, the site uses cookies and other technologies, such as pixel tags and web beacons, to help us understand which websites our visitors are coming from and what websites they go to when they leave our site, which parts of the site are the most popular, and how much time they spend on our site. we also use cookies and other technologies to facilitate participation in our loyalty programs as well as to customize your experience and provide greater convenience each time you interact with us. you can configure your browser to accept all cookies, reject all cookies, or notify you when a cookie is set. (each browser is different, so click the "help" menu of your browser to learn how to change your cookie preferences.) if you reject all cookies, you will not be able to use those enhanced services on the site. some uses of cookies in connection with the site may be under the control of third-party entities that aquasana retains for the management of certain programs and fulfillment of specific visitor/consumer requests. aquasana requests these entities to confine their use of cookies and similar technologies, but aquasana cannot be responsible for third party uses of cookies. how do we use the personal information we collect? personal information provided by consumers and visitors to our site is used to fulfill requests and transactions submitted through the site. for example, if you choose to purchase a product or service through the site, we may use your personal information to process your transaction and fulfill your order. if you contact us through the site, we will use your personal information to respond to your queries and requests. if you register a product through the site, we will use your personal information to fulfill your registration, and if you sign up for the water 4 life® program, we will use your personal information to administer the program. from time to time, in our sole discretion, we may use your personal information to send to you important information regarding the site, or changes to our terms, conditions, and policies. because this information may be important to your use of the site, we recommend you not opt- out of receiving such communications, but you can opt-out at www.aquasana.com/unsubscribe.php. we may use your personal information to send you marketing-related e-mails from us, but we have never, and do not intend to ever, send you marketing messages from other companies. if you would prefer not to receive such marketing-related e-mails, please opt-out at www.aquasana.com/unsubscribe.php. we may also use your personal information for our internal business purposes, such as for data analysis, for audits, to improve our website, to analyze usage patterns and to improve our services. when do we disclose the personal information we collect? we may provide your personal information to our third party service providers to fulfill requests and transactions submitted through the site. for example, aquasana may use third party service providers to conduct consumer surveys. aquasana may also share certain information with third party organizations for the purpose of processing your credit card transactions. aquasana seeks to restrict third parties' use of such data to the purposes for which it has been provided and to ensure the third parties do not disclose that information to unauthorized parties. if you choose not to opt- out, aquasana may from time to time send you marketing promotions with discount codes and/or a quarterly newsletter with information on upcoming sales, water quality, or news from the water filtration industry, etc. aquasana will provide personal information to law enforcement authorities and other entities where aquasana determines that such disclosure is required by subpoena, warrant, court order or other applicable law or process. additionally, aquasana may disclose personal information if we determine that such disclosure is required to enforce our terms of use; to protect our operations; to protect the rights, privacy, safety or property of aquasana, you or others and to permit us to pursue available remedies or limit the damages that we may sustain. although aquasana seeks to require companies with which it does business, and to which personal information is provided, to protect such personal information, aquasana cannot be responsible for third parties' violations of this policy or of any other rights of visitors or consumers that use this site. aquasana may transfer personal information and other information, collected online from visitors and consumers, to a purchaser or successor entity in connection with the sale of aquasana, a subsidiary or affiliate or line of business associated with aquasana, or substantially all of the assets of aquasana or one of its subsidiaries, affiliates or lines of business. how do we use the non-personally identifiable information that we collect? because non-personally identifiable information does not personally identify you, we may use such information for any purpose. in addition, we reserve the right to share such non-personally identifiable information, which does not personally identify you, with third parties, for any purpose. for example, we may share non-personally identifiable information collected in connection with consumer surveys and other activities, with consumer research and marketing firms or u.s. census surveys. in some instances, we may combine non-personally identifiable information with personal information. if we do combine any non-personally identifiable information with personal information, the combined information will be treated by us as personal information hereunder as long as it is so combined. third party links the site may contain links to third party web sites. these linked sites are not under aquasana's control and we are not responsible for the privacy practices or the contents of any such linked site, or any link contained in any linked site. we provide such links only as a convenience, and the inclusion of a link on the site does not imply endorsement of the linked site by aquasana. if you provide any personal information through any such third party web site, your transaction will occur on such third party's web site (not the site) and the personal information you provide will be collected by, and controlled by the privacy policy of, that third party. we recommend that you familiarize yourself with the privacy policies and practices of any such third parties. please note that this policy does not address the privacy or information practices of any third parties. security aquasana takes measures designed to prevent unauthorized intrusion to the site and the alteration, acquisition or misuse of personal information. aquasana cautions consumers and visitors to this site, however, that no network is entirely secure. accordingly, aquasana cannot be responsible for loss, corruption or unauthorized acquisition of personal information furnished to this site and/or stored by us, or for any damages resulting from such loss, corruption or unauthorized acquisition. opt-out policy if you change your mind, and do not wish to receive further marketing-related e-mails from us, you may opt- out of receiving such marketing-related e-mails by calling 1-866-662-6885 or clicking on the opt-out link located in the bottom of the marketing emails or by going to www.aquasana.com/unsubscribe.php. changing or removing your personal information if you would like to review, correct, update or remove personal information that you have previously provided to us through the site, you may do so by logging in to your account and making changes or by calling our customer service at (866) 662-6885. offline v. online practices this policy applies solely to aquasana's online information-gathering and dissemination practices in connection with the site, and does not apply to any of our practices conducted offline, with the following exception. aquasana may merge information collected about you through offline means with information that is stored in our databases along with information gathered online. any such merged information, however, will not be disclosed to others except as permitted by this policy. changes to privacy policy we encourage you to read this policy before using the site, and not to use the site if you disagree with any part of this policy. your use of the site signifies your agreement to all terms of this policy. please note that aquasana may revise this policy from time to time. you are welcome to bookmark and periodically review this page to ensure that you are familiar with the most current version of this policy. you can determine when this policy was last revised by checking the "last revised" legend at the top of the policy. use of the site following such changes constitutes your acceptance of the revised policy then in effect. this policy is the sole authorized statement of aquasana's practices concerning the collection, use and protection of personal information through this site. any summaries of this policy generated by third party software or otherwise (for example, in connection with the "platform for privacy preferences" or "p3p") shall have no legal effect, are in no way binding upon aquasana, and neither supersede nor modify this policy. return policy sun water systems, inc., the manufacturer of the aquasana products, has chosen this factory direct method of marketing in order to offer the highest quality products to our valued customers at the most affordable prices possible. by eliminating the "middle man" and dealing directly with the manufacturer, you save over 50% off normal pricing. you not only get the most effective home water enhancement products available anywhere, but you get them at a highly discounted price. any time within the 60 day trial period, (90 days for the rhino eq-300) which begins when you receive your order, you may call or log on to request a return merchandise authorization number (rma). this number entitles you to a full refund of the purchase price for the product(s) you ordered... no questions asked! all you have to do is write this code on the outside of the package and return it to us; we'll gladly refund the full purchase price of the returned product. the customer is responsible for the return shipping costs for all returns except returns of the eq-300. for eq-300 returns, aquasana will pay the return shipping cost. warranty terms the company warrants that all the products shall be free from defects in materials and workmanship for a period of one-hundred (100) days from the date of purchase by the customer (except that all versions of the eq-300 whole house water filtration system are warranted for a period of one (1) year). this warranty is limited to repair or replacement of defective products upon return with proof of purchase date by the customer to aquasana. aquasana is not responsible for defects or damages due to improper use or installation. this warranty does not cover clogged or exhausted filter cartridges as the company has no way to control or determine excessive sediment or contaminant levels in water supplies. if warranty claims are presented directly to aquasana by the consumer, aquasana agrees to handle the claims according to the terms of the warranty information supplied with each product (the "conditions") and in a timely and professional manner. except for the express warranties in this agreement, the products are provided with no other warranties whatsoever, and the company disclaims all other warranties, including, without limitation, the implied warranties of merchantability, fitness for a particular purpose and non-infringement of any intellectual property right of others. the company does not warrant that the operation of the products will be uninterrupted or error free, or that all defects can be corrected. to the extent that the company may not, under applicable law, disclaim any implied warranty, the scope and duration of such warranty will be the minimum permitted under such law. the company makes no representation or warranty concerning the quality, performance or other characteristics of the products other than those which are consistent in all respect with, and do not expand the scope of, the warranties expressly stated herein. aquasana's water for life® program guarantees a lifetime warranty on all parts and workmanship for all shower water filters and drinking water filters that are current on their subscriptions on the water 4 life® program. aquasana will repair or replace any broken or defective part for no charge other than a flat rate shipping charge of $9.50 for any warranty claim on any aquasana shower water filter or aquasana drinking water filter that is enrolled in the aquasana water 4 life® program. questions? questions regarding this policy should be directed to the aquasana security office/privacy at info@aquasana.com, or at the following physical mailing address: aquasana privacy question 6310 midway rd. haltom city, texas 76117 please note that this policy applies to all of our sites hosted in the united states. recommended products:countertop water filtermodel # aq-4000view product detailsshower filtermodel # aq-4100view product detailsrhino® whole house water filtermodel # eq-300view product detailsunder counter water filtermodel # aq-4500view product details customer service mon-fri 7am-9pm sat 10am-2pm (ct) 866-no-bottle866-662-6885 download our press kit click here to download the pdf all about water for life click here for more information contact us site map privacy policy international dealers water for life program copyright 2002 - 2010 sun water systems