来源URL: https://web.archive.org/web/20131229111146/http://www.aquasana.com/blog/
================================================================================

aquasana water blog 866-662-6885 sign up for exclusive offers, product info and more: drinking water filters shower filters powered water filter systems replacement filters whole house water filters water filter accessories salt-free softeners water bottles softeners + filter combos mywater replacement drinking waterfilters replacement showerfilter replacement whole housefilters replacement forpowered water filter what is thirst? asthma skin disorders water contamination healthy lifestyle water faqs raising small children importance of water inhealth and fitness is bottled water the right choice? how much water shouldi drink? weight loss, dietingand skin care mywater water filters shower filters international dealers become an affiliate aquasana blog leadership my cart my account beat the new year’s curse tuesday, january 7th, 2014 by: victoria categories: aquasana water filters new year, new you. the slogan you’ve heard or seen at least twice a day since january first. no matter how many times you’ve heard it, the new year truly is the perfect opportunity to get a fresh start or improve on any habits you’re already doing. a common resolution is to live a healthier lifestyle and we’re behind that 100 percent. if you’d like to make it longer than the first full week of january, we’ve got some tips to help you along the way. start small when it comes to exercising, try starting with a goal of three times a week. if you’re already going three times a week, try five. the goal is to ease into the routine so to not make the habit a dreaded one, but something you look forward to accomplishing each week. for healthier eating, incorporate one vegetable or fruit in every meal. soon, it will become a habit and you can strive for a step up by trying a meatless monday. stay hydrated your water intake is one of the most important aspects of any weight loss plan. increasing water intake naturally speeds up metabolism and allows the body to better assimilate nutrients from the foods and nutritional supplements we consume. the quality of water you consume is equally as important. if you’re consuming water with chemicals like chlorine, chloramine, lead or other pollutants, much of the liver’s energy is spend on filtering contaminants instead of processing fat into energy. remove the chemicals from your drinking water to ensure you are fueling your weight loss efforts with the healthiest water for optimal hydration and fat burning. make water your primary beverage and try to consume two glasses of water before each meal. don’t beat yourself up we’re all human. sometimes we will slip up and miss a day or indulge on a carb-filled meal, but if you beat yourself up on those occasions, it is likely to deter you from your change all together. give yourself a mini reward once in a while, it will help curb the need to want to “cheat” on your diet or exercise plan. if it helps to see your progress, try jerry seinfeld’s productivity secret. team up it is easier to stay on track when you have a support group. making and sticking to a resolution can be daunting, but positive affirmations from friends, co-workers and loved ones definitely boosts morale. at aquasana, we’ve joined together for a 90 day weight-loss challenge encouraging each other to eat healthier, exercise and drop body fat. a weekly weigh in marks progress and gives a little nudge for those who need it. in the end, our main focus is to become a healthier team and spread encouragement to anyone who seeks it. best of luck! 10 things to avoid for a toxin-free home monday, december 30th, 2013 by: victoria categories: beautiful skin, contaminants in drinking water, environment, family tips, healthy living, tips for health by: amy myers, md, founder and medical director of austin ultrahealth toxins are all around us. for optimal health, it’s important to reduce our exposure to chemicals and toxins. here are 10 tips to help you keep your home clean and green. 1. conventional flooring conventional carpet is made from synthetic, petroleum-based fibers that can emit up to 120 hazardous chemicals linked to asthma, allergies, neurological problems and cancer. many of the chemicals that are mainly found in the rubber padding and adhesive glues can take years to off-gas. instead, use cotton or wool rugs or recycled carpet tiles, which do not require adhesive glues. also consider stained concrete and renewable wood such as bamboo or cork. 2. voc paints be sure to use no-voc (volatile organic compounds) paints – many companies advertise that they are no-voc, but that’s the base white paint only. once color is added, it’s no longer no-voc. 3. filter your water our bodies are more than 70% water and designed to run primarily on water and minerals. the water we consume can have a significant impact on our short-and long-term health. a three-year investigation of the country’s drinking water by the environmental working group found that water flowing to about 85% of the population contains 316 contaminants — over 60% of these have no safety standards and are not regulated by the epa. for the healthiest and best-tasting water possible a filtration system is the best solution. i recommend aquasana water filters and their new countertop aquasana powered water filtration system removes ten times the contaminants as the leading filter pitcher and each filter lasts eight times longer. 4. upholstered furniture upholstered furniture can be filled with polyurethane foams that are petroleum-based and full of chemicals and fire retardants. look for a piece made with natural latex foam, wool cushions and organic fabrics. choose solid wood over pressed particle board, which emits formaldehyde. 5. commercial bedding choose organic, untreated sheets, blankets and pillows. otherwise most commercial materials use fire retardants, pesticides, bleach and dyes. 6. vinyl shower curtains vinyl shower curtains release more than 100 vocs that can hang around in the air for more than a month. they also contain phthalates, which are hormone and endocrine disruptors. opt for organic cotton and linen shower curtains instead. 7. curtains and window treatments most curtains contain fire retardants, pesticides, bleach and dyes. make sure to use organic, untreated cotton or linen, or opt for bamboo. 8. conventional mattresses where you sleep and what you sleep on is one of the most important decisions you can make – i can’t stress this enough. we spend nearly half of our lives asleep, and most of our detox and body repair occurs while we sleep. conventional mattresses contain harsh chemical and fire retardants, which can out-gas for years! choose 100% natural latex mattresses and organic wool mattress toppers. 9. cleaning solutions the american society for the prevention of cruelty to animals (aspca) listed household cleaners as one of the top ten pet poisons in 2009. levels of brominated flame retardants in cats are up to 23 times higher than those found in human beings, and dogs have an average 2.4 times more perfluorinated chemicals in their bodies than people. these are chemicals that are already found in products you buy, such as fire-proof fabrics and stain-proof rugs – just imagine how susceptible your dog or cat is to the chemicals you readily spray and pour in your home. look for non-toxic cleaning solutions. 10. nasty air the u.s. environmental protection agency (epa) warns, “most people are aware that outdoor air pollution can damage their health but may not know that indoor air pollution can also have significant effects. epa studies of human exposure to air pollutants indicate that indoor air levels of many pollutants may be two to five times, and on occasion more than 100 times, higher than outdoor levels. these levels of indoor air pollutants are of particular concern because it is estimated that most people spend as much as 90 percent of their time indoors. in recent years, comparative risk studies performed by the epa and its science advisory board (sab) have consistently ranked indoor air pollution among the top five environmental risks to public health.” get an hepa air filter! for more tips from dr. myers, visit www.amymyersmd.com. about dr. amy myers dr. amy myers is a medical doctor with extensive training in functional medicine, integrative medicine and nutrition. functional medicine is a science-based approach to healing that focuses on a patient-centered, not disease-centered, model of care. dr. myers is also a contributing writer for mind body green. austin ultrahealth is located at 5656 bee caves road, suite d 203, austin, texas 78746. aquasana launches a ground-breaking drinking water system monday, december 23rd, 2013 by: victoria categories: aquasana water filters, contaminants in drinking water, family tips, healthy living, refrigerator water filter as a leader in water filtration products, aquasana recently launched the world’s first ever powered countertop pitcher to reduce 10 times the contaminants than the leading drip pitcher filter – fast. the aquasana powered water filtration system selectively retains beneficial minerals for health and taste through claryum™ technology that uses pressure to quickly force unfiltered water through an ultra-dense, smart filter block. the power pitcher is tested by nsf international to reduce 61 common water contaminants including lead, mercury, asbestos, herbicides and pesticides, as well as over 96% of chlorine and chloramines. while leading brands’ filters last about 40 gallons, our long-lasting cartridges are certified to last 320 gallons (about six months). additionally, the eco-friendly system design reduces plastic waste by minimizing disposable plastic parts so you throw away the used carbon filter and nothing more. the unique aquasana powered water filtration system allows you to use the filtration dock in two easy ways: with the eight-cup pitcher which fits in the refrigerator door or the 16-cup dispenser for on demand filtered water by the glass.  filtering your water at home also greatly reduces the amount of plastic bottle waste going into our environment – filter at home and bottle your own. tips for maintaining a healthy lifestyle during the holidays wednesday, december 18th, 2013 by: victoria categories: aquasana water filters, family tips, healthy living, holidays ‘tis the season for family gatherings, late nights and plenty of calories ready to be consumed. while enjoying the festivities, keep these three simple tips in mind to keep your waist trim without feeling grim this season. late hours call for an early morning calorie-filled mocha – resist there are various reasons why we stay up later during the holidays – parties, cramming two weeks of work into one, adjusting to the time change – which cause us to be groggy the following morning. the quick fix is to head to your nearest coffee shop and get the most caffeinated and sugar-filled drink for a pick-me-up, and not only does that affect your caloric intake, but if not timed right, it could affect your sleep. instead, opt for a 12-ounce skim latte (100 calories compared to 400 calorie mocha latte) and try to eat lots of produce throughout the day for longer-lasting energy that simple sugars don’t provide. to ensure you get the right amount of sleep, experts recommends turning off your computer and tv half an hour before you turn in will help to avoid from disrupting your body clock. another tip is to try a small carb-based snack such as a banana before bed. being more alert and energized will help you to stick with your fitness routines throughout the season. when you think you’re hungry, reach for a glass of water with lack of quality sleep, your body may be suffering from dehydration which in turn often turns to calories for fuel. when you think you’re hungry, you may just be thirsty. throughout the day, constant hydration will keep your stomach calm for longer periods. proper hydration through water consumption is easy, and the benefits are large and wide. great-tasting, healthy water has never been easier. the aquasana powered water filtration system utilizes claryum™ technology to selectively retain beneficial minerals and filter out contaminants such as lead, mercury, asbestos, giardia and over 96% of chlorine and chloramines, in just seconds. so when you hear your stomach grumble, reach for clean, filtered water for optimum hydration before the refrigerator handle and prepare to be amazed by the results. as the temperature drops, opt for indoor activities the temperatures may be dropping, but that doesn’t mean your heart rate has to. with the sun down early and holiday stress weighing heavy, it is said that an average of one pound is gained during the holiday season. opt for indoor sports such as indoor soccer, basketball or racquetball to keep your heart pumping and your body temperature stable. your local gym or ymca is likely to have pick-up games for you to join in and make some new friends while you’re at it! don’t forget to filter your water at home and bottle your own to keep yourself hydrated with the purest water available. a healthier holiday season! wednesday, december 4th, 2013 by: chris categories: entertaining, healthy living, holidays, tips for health dr. amy myers, founder and medical director of austin ultrahealth, gives us nine tips for a healthier holiday season! enjoy. 1. avoid gluten. you can use arrowroot scratch or sweet rice flour to thicken your gravy instead of wheat flour. you can also make your own gluten-free stuffing or dinner rolls with almond meal or coconut flour. 2. ditch the dairy. use full-fat coconut milk instead of cow’s milk for your cream gravies or green bean casserole. you can also baste your turkey in coconut oil instead of butter. 3. avoid alcohol. ditch the wine and beers. filtered aquasana water with a splash of lime juice makes for a perfect holiday drink without the pain of a hangover. 4. support local farmers. plan ahead this holiday season and purchase your produce and meat from local farmer’s markets to practice farm-to-table habits and sustain local businesses. 5. make your own holiday party classics. if you’re hosting parties this year, consider making your own gluten-free and dairy-free treats, like gluten-free cookies or offer an array of exotic nuts and dried fruits. 6. share your eating habits with friends. if you aren’t hosting the party, then prepare a dish or two that you know will be safe for you to eat. this is a great opportunity to share your health journey with your friends! 7. eat with purpose. don’t eat yourself into a coma this year! arrive to holiday parties with a plan. eat your veggies first, then meat, then starches, and finally if you have room, a bit of dessert. 8. go green. if you’re roasting a turkey, save the bones and make your own turkey broth. if you have leftover vegetable pieces to discard, save them for a vegetable broth instead. you can freeze your broth and use it as a base for future soups. 9. relax. focus your attention on relationships and connections with loved ones rather than food. for more tips on functional medicine, visit http://www.dramymyers.com. keeping your pets safe and healthy in summer wednesday, august 14th, 2013 by: roberta blackmer categories: tips for health it’s the middle of august and the sun is at it’s hottest, and if you’re feeling it, your pets are feeling it, too. here are a few tips to keeping your pets safe, healthy, and comfortable in the heat. stock up on preventatives: fleas and mosquitoes love to come out when the weather starts heating up, and thanks to the unusually warm winter months, they are extremely pervasive this season. avoid slacking on giving your pets the medicine to prevent these pests from biting and transferring diseases or worms to your pet. generic formulas make it easier and cheaper to keep your pet treated. keep an eye out: when you take your dog to a dog park, make sure you read park rules before heading out. good dog park etiquette includes cleaning up after your dog and minding their social skills. no matter how much you prepare, however, accidents can happen. keeping a pet first aid kit in your car is a good way to be able to respond to injury quickly. since dogs benefit from interacting with one another, try going to the dog park on off hours or scheduling play time with neighbor dogs in a backyard. watch for allergic reactions: cats and dogs can both develop allergic reactions to pollen. watch for signs of excess chewing, biting, scratching, sneezing, or redness. monitor the pollen count and keep pets inside on days that are going to be particularly heavy. benadryl can relieve pet allergy symptoms, but make sure to talk to your vet about dosage amounts before giving it to your pet. oatmeal shampoos do a great job at relieving itching in dogs and cats alike. keep pets cool: make sure your pets have access to cool areas at all times. for outdoor dogs, try filling 2-liter bottles with water, freezing them, and putting them in the doghouse. it will allow your pets to keep from overheating when they’re in their house. we also recommend keeping your doghouse in the shade. heatstroke can affect dogs quickly, especially if they have thick, dark coats. for indoor pets, keep your a/c on if you’re planning on spending the day out. if it would be too hot for you, it’s too hot for your pets. another way to keep them cool is to give them ice cubes or frozen veggies as treats! protect delicate skin: skin cancer is the most common form of cancer in dogs and the second most common in cats. even though fur provides good sun protection, it would be a good idea to get a pet sun block to apply to sensitive areas like the bellies of dogs and the ears and around the eyes of cats. use products made specifically for pets because zinc-oxide – a main ingredient in sunscreen – can be toxic to pets. also, you may be tempted to shave your pet or trim their fur short in the summer months, but don’t! a pet’s fur provides circulation and keeps them cool in the heat and helps to regulate their body temperature. hydration, hydration, hydration: always have clean, cold water available for your pets; they can easily get dehydrated in the summer heat. it’s also a great idea to give your pets filtered water. if you feel that the contaminants in your tap water are bad for your health, skin, and hair, they’re also bad for your pets’. using a water filtration system and giving your dog healthy water to drink is one of the best things you can do to keep them healthy and hydrated in the summer heat! enjoy the rest of the summer heat! sound and cinema july 31, 2013 tuesday, july 30th, 2013 by: chris categories: aquasana events front row access at the long center this wednesday, july 31, aquasana presents the latest event in alamo drafthouse’s sound and cinema summer series – a sundown screening of school of rock, preceded by the zeppelin show performed by will taylor & strings attached. in addition to serving up delicious free filtered water to the crowd, aquasana will also offer 20 lucky attendees access to the aquasana vip section– reserved prime seating with amazing views of the austin cityscape. vips also receive water concierge service –including their choice of fresh-fruit water infusions – school of rock themed gift bags featuring tattoo sleeves andguitar picks as well as free parking in the palmer events center garage. guests can email their name and the names of up to three guests to reserve a spot at rsvp@aquasana.com. reservations will be accepted on a first come, first serve basis. sound & cinema summer lineup: wednesday, july 31: 8pm: the zeppelin show performed by will taylor & strings attached sunset: school of rock screening wednesday, august 14: 8 pm: magnifico, the greatest queen cover band of all time sunset: flash gordon (1980) screening wednesday, august 21: 8 pm: live music tba sunset: jurassic park, live music tba wednesday, august 28: 8 pm: hello wheels, playing hits from both the 50s and the 80s sunset: back to the future screening in addition to the featured entertainment, visitors can enjoy dining from food truck favorites including frank, blue ox bbq, whole foods and more. beer, wine, cocktails and non-alcoholic beverages will be available for sale by the long center. guests are also welcome bring their own non-alcoholic drinks or food to picnic on the lawn. food trailers open at 7 pm. more information and updates schedules can be found at do512.com/soundandcinema. do i drink too much water? tuesday, july 30th, 2013 by: roberta blackmer categories: aquasana water filters, bottled water, healthy living, tips for health if you notice that you are going through three liters of water at work alone, you may think that you are drinking too much water, but you are nowhere near a level that is dangerous to your health. it’s great that you are drinking a generous amount of water throughout the work day. staying hydrated at work is one of the best things you can do for your health. there is no recommended daily allowance (rda) for water, but there is an adequate intake level (ai). for example, the ai for women is approximately 2.2 liters, which is more than the eight 8-ounce glasses that many health experts recommend. whether you decide to drink the 2.2 liters or eight glasses, you will be making an excellent decision regarding your health. the amount of water you need to drink every day is very individualized due to how much physical activity you do on a daily basis, or how hot it is where you live, but there are five easy tips to follow in order to make sure you’re getting the right amount of water for you. 1. avoid being thirsty! you feel thirsty for a reason. it’s your body’s way of telling you that you need more water to function properly and avoid being dehydrated. don’t ignore it. research from as early as the 1960’s tells us that people underestimate the amount of fluid they need to re-hydrate, so it’s always safe to drink a little more than you think you need. 2.  don’t drink it all at once! the old trick that says if you drink a glass of water before you eat so you get full faster… doesn’t work. you should also not drink so much water that you feel full. that much water at once is overkill, and the full feeling is telling you so. if you drink too much water in a short period of time, that’s when water toxicity occurs. spreading out your water over the course of the day is the only good way to keep yourself constantly hydrated. 3.  aim to wake up feeling hydrated! waking up thirsty is a good sign that you aren’t getting enough water during the day, and that you should consume more fluids. also, pay attention when you step on the scale in the morning. your weight can fluctuate due to the fact that you aren’t getting enough fluids during the day. 4. bottle your own! you are much more likely to drink water if you carry it with you. if you don’t have to go to the vending machine to buy a bottle or wait to get one on your lunch break, you’re more likely to keep yourself hydrated. also, if you want to avoid all of the waste that comes with drinking bottled water, grab your own reusable bottle and fill it at home. 5. filter it! what is one of the best ways to get yourself to drink enough water? make sure to drink water that is refreshing and tastes good. installing a drinking water filter in your home is a great way to make sure your water is healthy and delicious! aquasana drinking water systems are a great way to take out more than 60 contaminants and leave in the good stuff such as magnesium and calcium. find them at aquasana.com. live healthy! top summer destinations monday, july 22nd, 2013 by: roberta blackmer categories: family tips at aquasana, we know how summer is a great time to get away and travel to new places, so we decided to give you a top five list of some of our favorite places to get away to! 1. texas hill country the texas hill country, located just west of austin and north of san antonio, is the next best thing to crossing the atlantic. this area is colorful, lush, and unlike the rest of the state, is filled with big, beautiful green hills. also, this region contains 22 wineries and buzzes with food and music festivals year round. you can also experience the great shopping experience offered at the hill country galleria. towns like fredericksburg also offer a taste of germany with biergartens and schnitzelhäuser. why go to europe when you can experience all the beauty right here in the texas hill country? 2. portland, or in portland, you can literally taste summer! filled with top-ranked farmers’ markets, inventive cafes with fresh-caught fish, and plenty of cool summer drink spots, portland landed a spot on our list. the wholesome cuisine will make you want to get active, too, because if you’re a foodie, you will be more than impressed by the array of vegan cafes and eco-hippie cooperatives. drawn by the city’s artsy vibe, young chefs are breaking the mold and tapping into the local fisheries and artisanal farms. after your meal, rent a bicycle or check out hiking spots near waterfalls just outside town! 3. nashville, tn when it starts heating up outside, so does the entertainment in music city. in the summer, you can check out the numerous music festivals taking place around the city including the cma music festival and music city july 4th: let freedom sing. music aside, there’s plenty of activities for the entire family, because nashville also has its own water parks and zoo! there’s no surprise that nashville would make it on our list due to it being the live music capital of the usa, but it might surprise you  that it’s also been named as one of the most affordable places to travel! 4. bahia honda key, fl with its pristine beaches, crystal clear waters, and almost no development, bahia honda key might be mistaken for a chic brazilian preserve! this 524 acre islet in the lower florida keys between key west and marathon, is actually a state park. you can experience beautiful beaches, amazing snorkeling, and an astounding biodiversity. what’s even rarer here are the prices. admission, snorkeling, and even a cabin rental for a night will cost you less than $160. there are plenty of fishing and picnic spots located throughout, and kayaks, bikes, and skates can be rented and enjoyed all over the islet. 5. anchorage when you think of alaska, you might think of freezing temperatures and a great winter getaway. what most don’t realize is that the cheapest (and probably most enjoyable) time to make your getaway to alaska is in the summer months! you can check out popular tourist spots such as the zoo or the many parks located throughout the region. whether you come for a classic cruise, a trek across glaciers, dog-sledding, or caribou-spotting in denali national park, anchorage is a great place for amazing photo-op views and a great way to cool off and beat that summer heat back home! while you’re traveling this summer, make sure you stay hydrated. tips how are available on our dehydration blog.  it’s best to keep that filtered water with you and stay cool on your travels this summer. for a great, portable glass bottle, check out aquasana.com! juicing 101 monday, july 15th, 2013 by: chris categories: healthy living, tips for health juicing is a health choice that has become increasingly popular over the last few years. it is a great option for those interested in heading towards an energetic life and truly optimal health. almost every health specialist recommends getting a minimum of 6-8 servings of vegetables per day, and honestly, that is hard to reach. so what can you do to ensure that you are taking in as many vegetables as you should? juice! juicing helps you absorb more of the nutrients from vegetables. many people have impaired digestive systems due to the fact that they have not made optimal food choices over the years. this limits your body’s ability to take in all the necessary nutrients from vegetables. what juicing does is break down the vegetables for you in order for you to receive the majority of the nutrients rather than having them pass right through you. with juicing, you are able to consume more vegetables in an efficient manner. most find reaching the 6-8 servings of vegetables recommended every day difficult, but with juicing, this can be accomplished with a few glasses of vegetable juice. it also allows you to add a wider variety of vegetables to your diet! here are some tips on adding juicing to your diet: -remember that a glass of vegetable juice is not a complete meal. unless you are going through a detox or a fast, use juicing as an addition to your meal, or as a snack between meals. -start by juicing vegetables that you enjoy eating already. then add other vegetables and start experimenting with new flavors as you go. you should like the taste of your juice! -use pesticide-free vegetables! it is always a good choice to choose organic veggies, but some are better than others. celery, spinach, kale, cucumbers, lettuce, and carrots are a few of the best options. -if you want your juice to taste delicious without adding too much sugar try adding lemons/limes, ginger, coconut, or cranberries! -clean your juicer immediately after you juice! it can be done easily with something as simple as a toothbrush, and it will keep your juicer from growing mold! -drink your juice right away or store it very carefully! make sure your stored juice is in an airtight container with a minimum amount of air so as the juice doesn’t oxidize. if  you want an excellent way to store your juice, aquasana’s glass bottles are a great airtight solution, can be found on our website, and are already popular with many juicers! enjoy a new healthy lifestyle with juicing! next page » aquasana blog home syndicate subscribe to this site's rss feed. desktop reader bloglines google live netvibes yahoo! search this site tag cloud 2011 aquasana water filters bottled water bottled water vs tap water chlorine contaminated water dermatology drinking water drinking water filters filtered water healthy lifestyle healthy living healthy water quality drinking water reverse osmosis shower filters skin condition tips water and health water contamination water filters water filtration water purifier whole house water filter categories 21 day filtered-water challenge aquasana events aquasana water filters baby water beautiful skin bottled water carbon filter contaminants in drinking water dermatology entertaining environment family tips faucet water filters healthy living holidays interior design ideas methods of filtration press release refrigerator water filter shower filters tips for health water filter brands aquasana in the news 5 weight loss tips from dr. mao aquasana on the ellen degeneres show! aquasana water filters featured on healthy talk radio hosted by deborah ray dave hawkins health report drinking water can help you shed holiday pounds eco-wise: eating healthy with fresh, filtered water eco-wise: what water should i be drinking? filter shower water for healthier head of hair how toxic is your shower? list of california certified drinking water filters new year, new you: beauty resolutions new york times writes about aquasana! press release: research shows that drinking water can help shed holiday pounds shower product ingredients may react harmfully with chlorine sun water systems makes inc. 500 list the changing face of water the fluoride deception exposes the truth about water fluoridation and the phosphate mining industry top news products to protect your family's health water in the news a world of reasons to ditch bottled water banana peels remove toxins bottled water: no longer cool? epa will ban fluoride pesticide used on food low level arsenic exposure in water linked to diabetes make your home healthier with a water filter. no glee from environmentalists for coca-cola "plant bottle" probable carcinogen hexavalent chromium found in drinking water of 31 us cities customer service mon-fri 7am-8pm cst 866-no-bottle866-662-6885 download our press kit click here to download the pdf all about water for life click here for more information contact us site map privacy policy international dealers become an affiliate water for life program copyright 2002 - 2014 aquasana, inc.