来源URL: https://web.archive.org/web/20141227131003/http://www.aquasana.com/privacy_policy.php
================================================================================

privacy policy | aquasana aquasana water filters shop filter systems whole house water filters water softener-filter combos drinking water filters powered water filtration system shower filters foodservice water filtration water softeners salt-free water softeners water softener-filter combos replacement filters replacement drinking filters replacement shower filters replacement whole house filters accessories glass water bottles filter accessories whole house water filters 40% off whole house filtersand salt-free softenersuntil jan 30 shop now water softener- filter combos 40% off filter-softener combosuntil jan 30 shop now drinking water filters 50% off select drinking filters withwater for life until jan 30 shop now powered water filtration system shop now shower filters 50% off all shower filters withwater for life until jan 30 shop now foodservice water filtration make the quality of your watermatch the quality of your food shop now salt-free water softeners 40% off salt-free water softenersuntil jan 30 shop now water softener- filter combos 40% off filter-softener combosuntil jan 30 shop now replacement drinking filters 15% off drinking replacementswith water for life shop now replacement shower filters 15% off shower replacementswith water for life shop now replacement whole house filters 20% off whole house replacementsand 40% off replacement tanks shop now glass water bottles shop now filter accessories shop now live healthy eat drink live healthy healthy living through healthy eating read the blog healthy living starts with healthy water read the blog healthy lifestyle for a healthier you read the blog connect contact sales representative customer service international dealers affiliate program public relations about aquasana company profile company policies contact aquasana learn more about aquasana learn more sale! sign up for exclusive offers, product info and more my code: healthfreedom enter a discount or promo code × my account cart 866-662-6885 aquasana privacy policy last updated: august 31, 2011 aquasana, inc. and its affiliates and subsidiaries (collectively, "aquasana") are committed to the protection and appropriate use of the information you submit to us online. this privacy policy (the "policy") describes how we collect, use and safeguard personal information obtained from individual consumers in the united states through this website (the "site"). what personal information do we collect? aquasana may collect personal information from visitors to this site such as names, postal addresses, e-mail addresses, user id, password and, if you make an online purchase, credit card information. personal information is collected only for specific purposes and with the knowledge of the person providing the personal information. to access the site you are not required to register or submit any personal information. the content of this site is not directed to children and aquasana does not knowingly collect personal information from persons under eighteen years of age. why do we collect this personal information? purposes for which aquasana may collect personal information online include, but are not limited to: "contact us" features aquasana encourages visitors to the site to contact us with questions and requests. aquasana also offers e-mail news updates for visitors who expressly request that service. personal information of persons using these features may be collected in order to facilitate our responses to those inquiries. product registration. purchasers of certain aquasana products may want to register their purchases online so that they can take advantage of warranties, product updates and other benefits. purchasers are asked to submit certain personal information such as names, postal addresses and e-mail addresses as part of the product registration process. water for life® program registration. aquasana offers the water for life® replacement filter program which provides benefits to purchasers of aquasana drinking water filters and shower filters. the water for life program online registration process requests personal information concerning the individual who signs up. this information is necessary to fulfill the automatic shipping and billing benefits associated with the water for life program. what other information do we collect? we collect non-personally identifiable information, which does not personally identify you, in the following ways: aggregated information. we may aggregate personal information in a manner such that the information does not personally identify you or any other user of the site, for example, by using personal information to calculate the percentage of our users who have a particular telephone area code or follow a particular path through the site. such aggregate information is considered non-personally identifiable information for purposes of this policy. "clickstream" data the site automatically collects certain data concerning its interactions with visitors that facilitate site operation, management and planning. such data may include the ip address of your computer, the date and time of an online request, the type of browser and operating system used by your computer, the time required to download information you requested, and error codes generated while your browser is in contact with the site. cookies and other technologies cookies are small text files, placed on the hard drive of a visitor's computer that facilitate the operation of the site and visitors' use of the site. as is standard practice on most corporate websites, the site uses cookies and other technologies, such as pixel tags and web beacons, to help us understand which websites our visitors are coming from and what websites they go to when they leave our site, which parts of the site are the most popular, and how much time they spend on our site. we also use cookies and other technologies to facilitate participation in our loyalty programs as well as to customize your experience and provide greater convenience each time you interact with us. you can configure your browser to accept all cookies, reject all cookies, or notify you when a cookie is set. (each browser is different, so click the "help" menu of your browser to learn how to change your cookie preferences.) if you reject all cookies, you will not be able to use those enhanced services on the site. some uses of cookies in connection with the site may be under the control of third-party entities that aquasana retains for the management of certain programs and fulfillment of specific visitor/consumer requests. aquasana requests these entities to confine their use of cookies and similar technologies, but aquasana cannot be responsible for third party uses of cookies. the aggregate information, clickstream data, and cookies and other technologies are considered non-personally identifiable information for purposes of this policy. how do we use the personal information we collect? personal information provided by consumers and visitors to our site is used to fulfill requests and transactions submitted through the site. for example, if you choose to purchase a product or service through the site, we may use your personal information to process your transaction and fulfill your order. if you contact us through the site, we will use your personal information to respond to your queries and requests. if you register a product through the site, we will use your personal information to fulfill your registration, and if you sign up for the water for life program, we will use your personal information to administer the program. from time to time, in our sole discretion, we may use your personal information to send to you important information regarding the site, or changes to our terms, conditions, and policies. because this information may be important to your use of the site, we recommend you not opt-out of receiving such communications, but you can opt-out at www.aquasana.com/unsubscribe.php. we may use your personal information to send you marketing-related e-mails from us, but we have never, and do not intend to ever, send you marketing messages from other companies. if you would prefer not to receive such marketing-related e-mails, please opt-out at www.aquasana.com/unsubscribe.php. we may also use your personal information for our internal business purposes, such as for data analysis, for audits, to improve our website, to analyze usage patterns and to improve our services. when do we disclose the personal information we collect? we may provide your personal information to our third party service providers to fulfill requests and transactions submitted through the site. for example, aquasana may use third party service providers to conduct consumer surveys. aquasana may also share certain information with third party organizations for the purpose of processing your credit card transactions. aquasana seeks to restrict third parties' use of such data to the purposes for which it has been provided and to ensure the third parties do not disclose that information to unauthorized parties. if you choose not to opt-out, aquasana may from time to time send you marketing promotions with discount codes and/or a newsletter with information on upcoming sales, water quality, or news from the water filtration industry, etc. aquasana will provide personal information to law enforcement authorities and other entities where aquasana determines that such disclosure is required by subpoena, warrant, court order or other applicable law or process. additionally, aquasana may disclose personal information if we determine that such disclosure is required to enforce our terms of use, to protect our operations, to protect the rights, privacy, safety or property of aquasana, you or others and to permit us to pursue available remedies or limit the damages that we may sustain. although aquasana seeks to require companies with which it does business, and to which personal information is provided, to protect such personal information, aquasana cannot be responsible for third parties' violations of this policy or of any other rights of visitors or consumers that use this site. aquasana may transfer personal information and other information, collected online from visitors and consumers, to a purchaser or successor entity in connection with the sale of aquasana, a subsidiary or affiliate or line of business associated with aquasana, or substantially all of the assets of aquasana or one of its subsidiaries, affiliates or lines of business. how do we use the non-personally identifiable information that we collect? because non-personally identifiable information does not personally identify you, we may use such information for any purpose. in addition, we reserve the right to share such non-personally identifiable information, which does not personally identify you, with third parties, for any purpose. for example, we may share non-personally identifiable information collected in connection with consumer surveys and other activities, with consumer research and marketing firms or u.s. census surveys. in some instances, we may combine non-personally identifiable information with personal information. if we do combine any non-personally identifiable information with personal information, the combined information will be treated by us as personal information hereunder as long as it is so combined. third party links the site may contain links to third party web sites. these linked sites are not under aquasana's control and we are not responsible for the privacy practices or the contents of any such linked site, or any link contained in any linked site. we provide such links only as a convenience, and the inclusion of a link on the site does not imply endorsement of the linked site by aquasana. if you provide any personal information through any such third party web site, your transaction will occur on such third party's web site (not the site) and the personal information you provide will be collected by, and controlled by the privacy policy of, that third party. we recommend that you familiarize yourself with the privacy policies and practices of any such third parties. please note that this policy does not address the privacy or information practices of any third parties. security aquasana takes measures designed to prevent unauthorized intrusion to the site and the alteration, acquisition or misuse of personal information. aquasana cautions consumers and visitors to this site, however, that no network is entirely secure. accordingly, aquasana cannot be responsible for loss, corruption or unauthorized acquisition of personal information furnished to this site and/or stored by us, or for any damages resulting from such loss, corruption or unauthorized acquisition. opt-out policy if you change your mind, and do not wish to receive further marketing-related e-mails from us, you may opt-out of receiving such marketing-related e-mails by calling 1-866-662-6885 or clicking on the opt-out link located in the bottom of the marketing emails or by going to www.aquasana.com/unsubscribe.php. changing or removing your personal information if you would like to review, correct, update or remove personal information that you have previously provided to us through the site, you may do so by logging in to your account and making changes or by calling our customer service at (866) 662-6885. offline v. online practices this policy applies solely to aquasana's online information-gathering and dissemination practices in connection with the site, and does not apply to any of our practices conducted offline, with the following exception: aquasana may merge information collected about you through offline means with information that is stored in our databases along with information gathered online. any such merged information, however, will not be disclosed to others except as permitted by this policy. changes to privacy policy we encourage you to read this policy before using the site, and not to use the site if you disagree with any part of this policy. your use of the site signifies your agreement to all terms of this policy. please note that aquasana may revise this policy from time to time. you are welcome to bookmark and periodically review this page to ensure that you are familiar with the most current version of this policy. you can determine when this policy was last revised by checking the "last revised" legend at the top of the policy. use of the site following such changes constitutes your acceptance of the revised policy then in effect. this policy is the sole authorized statement of aquasana's practices concerning the collection, use and protection of personal information through this site. any summaries of this policy generated by third party software or otherwise (for example, in connection with the "platform for privacy preferences" or "p3p") shall have no legal effect, are in no way binding upon aquasana, and neither supersede nor modify this policy. questions questions regarding this policy should be directed to the aquasana security office/privacy at info@aquasana.com, or at the following physical mailing address: aquasana privacy question 6310 midway road haltom city, texas 76117 please note that this policy applies to all of our sites hosted in the united states. recommended products:shower filtermsrp: $84.99sale: $59.49view product detailscountertop water filter - whitemsrp: $114.27sale: $79.99view product details2-stage under counter water filter - brushed nickelmsrp: $199.99sale: $139.99view product detailsrhino® whole house water filtermsrp: $1142.85sale: $685.71view product details get inspired live healthy tips exclusive deals follow for savings products filter systems whole house water filters water softeners drinking water filters shower filters replacement filters water for life program contact sales representative customer service international dealers public relations about aquasana company profile terms & conditions press kit become an affiliate recognition / awards customer service: mon–fri 8am–8pm & sat 9am-4pm cst 866-662-6885 my account ©2015 aquasana, inc. privacy policy refunds and returns sitemap facebook twitter google+ pinterest instagram youtube linkedin