来源URL: https://web.archive.org/web/20171228061650/https://www.aquasana.com/rewards/terms-and-conditions
================================================================================

water filters | whole house water treatment | aquasana aquasana water filters whole house drinking shower replacements bottles more refer a friend, get $20 enter my code enter a discount or promo code × my account cart 866-662-6885 sign up for special offers, info and more aquasana healthy rewards program terms and conditions of use last updated: march 1, 2016 these are the terms and conditions applicable to the aquasana healthy rewards program (the "program"). under the program, aquasana, inc. ("we" or "company") offers you ("member") the opportunity to provide your friends, family, or other individuals ("prospective member") with a unique referral id link ("personal link") that a prospective member can use to sign up for aquasana services ("membership"). for each qualified referral (defined below) generated through the member’s personal link, the member may receive an aquasana ("point") as specified on the company’s healthy rewards program page. we reserve the right to terminate this program at any time for any reason. members and prospective members that wish to take part in the program are bound by these terms and conditions. if you do not agree and abide by these terms and conditions in their entirety you are not authorized to participate in the program. members and prospective members may not participate in the program where doing so would be prohibited by any applicable law or regulations. we reserve the right to modify or amend at any time these terms and conditions and the methods through which any points may be earned. we reserve the right to disqualify any member or prospective member at any time from participation in the program. children: no part of the program is directed to persons under the age of 13. if you are under 13 years of age, please do not use or access the program at any time or in any manner. 1. privacy prospective members that wish to use a member’s personal link must submit personal information about themselves, such as name and e-mail address information, so that the company can track the member’s personal link to their account and prescribe them the points. the personal information will be collected, processed and used in accordance with the company's privacy policy, which can be found at http://www.aquasana.com/privacy-policy. in addition, personal information provided by the prospective member may be used by the company or its service provider, on company's behalf, to contact members and/or prospective members in regard to their participation in the program and to receive e-mail communications from company about its products and services. the company may send out additional follow-up communications to either the member or prospective member to encourage or remind them to refer more prospective members or to complete a purchase. by participating in the program, members consent to receiving such communications by email. 2. how the program works: a. program participation to participate, a member shall do one of the following: create an account or log in to an existing account on www.aquasana.com with a valid email address make a purchase from aquasana telephone sales with a valid email address on the primary customer contact b. referral points to earn referral points, a member shall provide the prospective member with the member’s personal link. the prospective member must click on the personal link and complete a qualified referral purchase in the same session. if the prospective member does not complete the qualified referral purchase in the same session, the member will be not be given credit for that referral and will not be eligible for the referral points, even if the prospective member subsequently makes a purchase from the company. completion of a qualified referral purchase in the same session means clicking the personal link provided by member and completing qualified referral purchase within a reasonable period of time on www.aquasana.com and without the prospective member closing their internet browser or pressing the back button. member earn referral points for each verified qualified referral purchase generated through the member’s personal link as specified below: 1,500 points for a qualified referral purchase which includes at least one new water filtration system. 500 points for a qualified referral purchase which includes at least one new water for life auto-ship enrollment. member loses all referral points earned for a qualified referral purchase if there is a return authorization issued for any part of the qualified referral purchase. member loses all referral points earned for a qualified referral purchase if the water for life enrollment is cancelled prior to the prospective member accepting their first automatic shipment. referral points expire 3 years after the invoice date of the qualified purchase. the actual referral points will be determined by aquasana, inc. in its sole discretion. aquasana inc. may adjust, add, expire, disapprove, rollback, mark redeemed, subtract, or delete any number of referral points. c. eligible member to be eligible for program and to receive points, a member must: be a legal resident of the united states; be at least 18 years old; have provided the prospective customer with their correct unique personal link; and have an account in good standing with aquasana, inc. employees of the company, its service providers or any of its or their subsidiaries, affiliates or promotional agencies, including immediate family and household members, are not eligible. d. making a referral members can refer prospective members by giving their personal link to the prospective member. once a prospective member uses a member’s personal link and successfully completes a qualified referral purchase, the member will see points issued in the points status section of the member’s account. the points status shown to the member may include some of the prospective member’s personal information provided to company such as name and email address. a member’s failure to receive such a confirmation of points means that the prospective member failed to make a qualified referral purchase (during the same session, or at all) and no points will have been earned. the member and/or the prospective member may email company any comments or questions in regard to a failed referral, but whether to award member the points shall be at company’s sole discretion. prospective members must satisfy the requirements of these terms and conditions and consent to receiving communications from aquasana, inc. members may not refer themselves. for purposes of emphasis and clarification, by using a personal link, a prospective member acknowledges and affirms his/her understanding that some of his/her personal information, including but not limited to his/her name and email address, may be sent to the member who provided the personal link as confirmation of the prospective member’s successful completion of a qualified referral purchase. accordingly, aquasana strongly advises that prospective members only use a personal link they receive from someone whom they personally know and trust. for their own security, prospective members should not use a personal link if they receive it from an unknown, untrusted, or public source, such as an internet forum. e. qualified referral purchase a qualified referral purchase means that all the following conditions are met: the prospective member completed the purchase process on www.aquasana.com immediately following the use of the member’s personal link. if a prospective member completes a purchase using any other link or method such as advertised links, the registration will not count as a qualified referral purchase and the member will not be rewarded points; the prospective member’s purchase included at least one of the following: a new water filtration system or a water for life auto-ship enrollment. the prospective member creates a new user registration on www.aquasana.com; the prospective member was not an existing customer of company; the prospective member was not previously registered with www.aquasana.com under any other email address or alias; and the prospective member is at least 18 years old and has consented to receiving communications from aquasana, inc. f. point verification all points are subject to verification. the company may delay issuance of points for the purposes of investigation. company may also refuse to verify and process any transaction company deems, in its sole discretion, to be fraudulent, suspicious, or in violation of these terms and conditions, or company believes will impose potential liability on company beyond what is reasonable for this program, its subsidiaries, affiliates or any of their respective officers, directors, employees, representatives and agents. company may cancel, amend or revoke the points at any time due to business considerations of circumstances beyond company’s control. company is not responsible for errors, omissions, malfunctions, interruptions, deletions, delays or failures of operations. all of the company's decisions are final and binding, including decisions as to whether any point is verified. g. value of points points have absolutely no monetary value and may not, under any circumstances, be redeemed for cash or any cash equivalent including but not limited to gift cards, certificates, or refunds. company may cancel, amend or revoke the points at any time for any reason. h. transfer of points points are personal to the member and are not transferable and may not be auctioned, traded, bartered or sold, whether by operation of law or otherwise. upon termination of the program or any portion thereof for any reason, or upon cancellation of a member’s account for any reason, any unredeemed points (including without limitation any unapplied credit) accumulated by the member are forfeited. i. personal link member is provided with a personal link by the program for the purpose of inviting prospective members to the program. the personal link may only be used in the manner prescribed by these terms and conditions. the personal link is provided to member in the account area of www.aquasana.com which requires member to log in to www.aquasana.com. member is responsible for all usage of member’s personal link resulting from member sharing, posting, emailing, printing, or otherwise publishing member’s personal link. member should take proper precautions to send member’s link only to trusted prospective members. j. point redemption points can be redeemed as partial or full payment for purchases on www.aquasana.com. all points are subject to a 30 day waiting period from the actual date that points are verified and reflected in the member’s account prior to becoming redeemable for payment towards a purchase ("redeemable points"). member will be shown their redeemable points on the checkout page of www.aquasana.com if the member has redeemable points. member may select any amount of their redeemable points to apply to the sale up to 100% of the total sale including product subtotal, sales tax, shipping, and handling. member will be required to enter payment card information for any remaining amount if the redeemable points selected are less than 100% of the total sale. member will be required to enter payment card information for any future water for life automatic shipments on the order even if the redeemable points selected equal 100% of the total sale. points from multiple accounts cannot be combined for redemptions. k. program launch points can only be granted for qualified referral purchases that took place after the program was launched on july 7th, 2015. 3. copyright all content included on or made available through the site, such as text, graphics, logos, button icons, images, videos, audio clips, documents, and data is the property of aquasana or its content suppliers and is protected by united states and international copyright laws. 4. trademarks see a non-exhaustive list of trademarks or trade dress in use by aquasana at: http://www.aquasana.com/marks.php. in addition, graphics, logos, page headers, button icons, scripts, product names, product model numbers, and service names included in or made available through the site are trademarks or trade dress of aquasana in the united states and other countries. aquasana's trademarks and trade dress may not be used in connection with any product or service that is not aquasana's, in any manner that is likely to cause confusion, or in any manner that disparages or discredits aquasana. all trademarks not owned by aquasana that appear on the site are the property of their respective owners, who may or may not be affiliated with, connected to, or sponsored by aquasana. 5. license and access subject to your compliance with these terms, aquasana or its content providers grant you a limited, non-exclusive, non-transferable, non-sublicensable license to access and make personal and non-commercial use of the site. this license does not include any resale or commercial use of the site or its contents; any collection and use of any product listings, descriptions, or prices; any derivative use of aquasana.com or its contents; or any use of data mining, robots, or similar data-gathering and extraction tools. all rights not expressly granted to you in these terms are reserved and retained by aquasana or its licensors, suppliers, publishers, rightsholders, or other content providers. neither the site, nor any part of the site, may be reproduced, duplicated, copied, sold, resold, visited, or otherwise exploited for any commercial purpose without aquasana's express written consent. you may not frame or utilize framing techniques to enclose any part of the site. you may not use any meta tags or any other "hidden text" utilizing aquasana's trademarks or trade dress without the express written consent of aquasana. you may not misuse the site. you may use the site only as permitted by law. the licenses granted by aquasana terminate if you do not comply with these terms. 6. your account the site includes online cart and checkout which allow you to purchase products online. if you are under 18, you may only use the site with the permission of a parent or guardian. aquasana does not specifically solicit or market to children. in accordance with the children's online privacy protection act of 1998, a child under the age of 13 shall not register as a user, nor shall the child enter personal information on the site. in the event aquasana receives verification that it has collected and published personal information from an individual under the age of 13 without parental consent, aquasana will delete that information from the site as soon as is reasonably practical. 7. reviews, comments, communications, and other content visitors to the site may post reviews, comments, photos, and other content; and submit suggestions, ideas, comments, questions, or other information, so long as the content is not illegal, obscene, threatening, defamatory, invasive of privacy, infringing upon intellectual property rights, or otherwise injurious or objectionable to any party, and does not consist of or contain software viruses, political campaigning, commercial solicitation, chain letters, mass mailings, or links. you may not use a false email address, impersonate any person or entity, or otherwise mislead as to the origin of the posted content. aquasana reserves the right (but bears no obligation) to remove or edit such content. if you do post content or submit material, and unless we indicate otherwise, you grant aquasana a nonexclusive, royalty-free, perpetual, irrevocable, and fully sublicensable right to use, reproduce, modify, adapt, publish, translate, create derivative works from, distribute, and display such content throughout the world in any media. you grant aquasana and sublicensees the right to use the name that you submit in connection with such content. you represent and warrant that you own or otherwise control all of the rights to the content that you post; that the content is accurate; that use of the content you supply does not violate this policy and will not cause injury to any person or entity; and that you will indemnify aquasana for any claims resulting from content you supply. aquasana has the right but not the obligation to monitor and edit or remove any activity or content. aquasana takes no responsibility and assumes no liability for any content posted by you or any third party. recommended products:shower filtermsrp: $84.99view product detailscountertop water filter - whitemsrp: $114.27view product details2-stage under counter water filter - brushed nickelmsrp: $199.99view product detailsrhino® whole house water filtermsrp: $1198.00view product details enter a discount or promo code water for life subscribe & save healthy rewards collect & save sign up for special offers, info and more products whole house water filters water softeners drinking water filters shower filters replacement filters foodservice water filtration all products about us contact us international dealers affiliate program customer service company profile sitemap news room in the news water education live healthy blog press kit public relations recognition / awards please click the nsf mark to see specific aquasana products certified by nsf international customer service: m–f 8am–6pm & sat 9am–5pm cdt										866-662-6885 my account ©2017 aquasana, inc. privacy policy refunds & returns terms & conditions healthy rewards facebook twitter google+ pinterest instagram youtube linkedin