来源URL: https://web.archive.org/web/20201228211011/https://www.aquasana.com/whole-house-water-filters/1000k-gallon-rhino/no-install
================================================================================

1 million gallon rhino | aquasana whole house water filter system go to homepage go to homepage call 866-662-6885 sales hours mon - fri 8am - 7pm ct saturday 9am - 5pm ct my account my cart whole house under sink countertop shower replacements all products contact us returns & refunds 1,000,000 gallon rhino whole house filter system long-lasting, high-performance water filtration for great-tasting, healthy water throughout your entire home for up to 1 million gallons or 10 years. add more performance to your system: salt-free water conditioner scale control media (scm) effectively reduces scale caused by hard water. + $1,340 uv filter provides total home protection to safeguard against bacteria and viruses. + $1,166 pro grade install kit† upgrade your components for a professional grade filtration system. + $166 premium rhino whole house water filter (no install) is rated 4.6 out of 5 by 624. y_2021, m_1, d_19, h_22 bvseo_bulk, prod_bvrr, vn_bulk_3.0.12 cp_1, bvpage1 co_hasreviews, tv_37, tr_587 loc_en_us, sid_229, prod, sort_[sortentry(order=rating, direction=descending), sortentry(order=submission_time, direction=descending)] clientname_aquasanaserviceteam bvseo_sdk, p_sdk, 3.2.0 cloud, getaggregaterating, 14.22ms reviews, product msrp: 1598.00 sale: 1598.00 add to cart questions? we can help 866-662-6885 mon–fri: 8am–7pm cstsat: 9am–5pm cst whole health pure performance how it works learn more buy now whole health breathe easy with cleaner, healthier air. chlorine and volatile organic chemicals (vocs) can evaporate in shower steam, contaminating the air you breathe. tested and proven to remove 97% of chlorine instantly improve your indoor air quality by filtering the water throughout your home. whole health ultra delicious get clean, great-tasting water from every tap in your home by removing 97% of chlorine in regular tap water. also reduces other harmful contaminants including: heavy metals like lead and mercury organic chemicals like herbicides, pesticides and vocs industrial solvents and more whole health better water better cooking top chefs know that using filtered water produces stronger flavors, quicker cooking times and all-around optimal results in the kitchen. whole health healthier skin and hair reduce your body's exposure to harsh chlorine and synthetic chemicals that can cause damage and excessive drying. bathe yourself in aquasana filtered water for noticeably healthier, more moisturized skin and hair. pure performance smarter design intelligently engineered to maximize potent filtration media for ultimate performance. the aquasana rhino's unique upflow, dual tank design increases water contact time with contaminant grabbing media and prevents clogging or media channeling. system tested and proven to remove 97% of chlorine for 1,000,000 gallons or 10 years. please see our performance data sheet for complete test results. pure performance innovative technology scm salt-free technology naturally and safely reduces scale buildup on internal pipes and plumbing without the use of harsh salt or chemicals. learn more about scm technology » water conditioners vs. traditional water softeners scale and corrosion without scm protection can build up in your plumbing and appliances. protect your home and appliances with an aquasana salt-free water conditioner. innovative salt-free technology scale control media uses water flow to naturally alter the structure of hard mineral ions into a crystal structure that prevents the minerals from binding and forming scale buildup. scm salt-free technology is proven to reduce scale on internal pipes and plumbing. unlike salt based softeners, aquasana's salt-free water conditioner will not demineralize your water, harm your pipes with harsh salt, or put excessive amounts of sodium waste into our communal water supply. pure performance optional uv filtration bacteria, viruses, and chlorine resistant cysts can make your water unsafe to drink. get total home protection to safeguard against bacteria and viruses that may be present in your water. powerful uv filtration sterilizes 99.99% of viruses, bacteria like e. coli, and chlorine resistant cysts like cryptosporidium and giardia. pure performance optional pro grade install kit † upgraded components to make your system professional grade. brass fittings easier to install and maintain over time. post-filter reduces remaining sediment and organic particles. 20" pre-filter lasts 2x longer than the standard 10" pre-filter bend supports & shut-off valves for a bypass loop for easier filter changes *pex tubing not included base install kit for eq-1000 includes: plastic fittings and a 20" pre-filter. does not include brass fittings, post-filter, or bend supports and shut-off valves for by-pass loop. how it works superior filtration our one million gallon whole house water filter system is comprised of carefully sequenced stages, each with its own unique formula of high-potency, contaminant-grabbing media and filtration. easy to install, replace & maintain. does not require backflushing or drainage lines. * optional sediment pre-filter catches rust, sediment and silt. salt-free water conditioner* prevents minerals from binding and forming scale build-up. copper-zinc & mineral stone reduces chlorine, water soluble heavy metals, and scale and inhibits bacteria and algae growth. activated carbon filter reduces herbicides, pesticides and other chemical compounds that may be present. post-filter* reduces any remaining sediment and organic particles. uv filter* further protects against bacteria and viruses that could be present in your water. learn more product information specifications base unit conditioner uv length: please see chart on right height: 46" 46" 15" diameter: 9" 9" 4" flow rate (gpm): 7.0 7.0 7.0 capacity (years): 10 6 1 capacity (gallons) 1,000,000 10" pre-filter lasts 1—3 months, 20" pre-filter lasts 2—3 months rhino pro rhino rhino + conditioner pro rhino + conditioner rhino + uv pro rhino + uv rhino + uv + conditioner pro rhino + uv + conditioner learn more warranty & installation download pro-grade install kit instructions download eq-1000 owner's manual download uv filter owner's manual download 10 year warranty pdf download 90 day guarantee pdf learn more read the reviews rated 5 out of 5 by waterboy3 from sandblaster on a fixed income!!! for health reasons enjoying clean tasting water!!! date published: 2021-01-14 rated 5 out of 5 by immediate results from immediate improvement to water quality we ordered the rhino whole house 1,000,000 gallon system. once the system was installed by a plumber, there were immediate results. our water taste was immediately improved. our hard water disappeared. we couldn’t be happier with the results. date published: 2021-01-12 rated 5 out of 5 by g reidel from review of whole house system the filter is amazing and has made a huge difference in our water. it is so clean and feels amazing when showering. i highly recommend this system. the only thing was the installation is not something we could have done on our own. hire a professional. date published: 2021-01-05 rated 5 out of 5 by healthseeker from modular home exterior installation we ordered this eq-1000-base-uv from aquasana directly, because their price matched amazon and all other online sellers. plus we could buy exactly what we wanted instead of amazon's limited bundle offer. list price was $2,764, but with a $1,658 discount we paid only $1,106 plus tax and zero shipping, which was very fast and safely packaged. we had looked for filter systems with uv included before (especially after the 2018 fire that ravaged our town), but were discouraged by the high prices and thankfully got lucky with a year end sale. because we have an older modular home with galvanized plumbing underneath and poor access, we were forced to re-route the water source to install this system outside. we picked a back wall closest to the water source, where the least sun and weather exposure will be. we opted to not buy the installation kit that had specific pipe lengths since we weren’t certain what our final configuration would look like, until all parts arrived and we assessed placement. in the attached photo the system is mounted to a rear, exterior wall. to the right (not shown in this pic) is the uv unit (mounted horizontally) and wall plug below it that was installed with a rainproof bubble cover. further pipe insulation will be installed and the uv unit will have a rain-tight, insulated cover built and mounted to the wall (allowing bulb-change access and window to read the monitor). i left the current covering with temporary protective material out of the pic for less confusion. this system was installed by a person with 40+ years building experience including plumbing, who is also a c-10 electrical contractor, so their knowledge and experience were a big help to get this working safely with the best possible installation for function, access, and being out of sight. we noticed immediately that our water tastes, looks and feels better (smoother/lighter), and is totally clear! our old water filters were green with algae, our water smelled bad and residue was left everywhere water sat. i’m hoping purer water will bring increased health benefits by reducing toxin intake orally and through skin absorption, and that i’ll see a reduction of skin irritation problems i’ve had for years. i’m very happy with the results so far, and wanted to let people know that with a little effort, research and careful consideration, this system can successfully be installed outside a modular home if need be! date published: 2021-01-04 rated 5 out of 5 by b brown from great product! love my water purifier. my hair and skin feel great. i can drink right from the tap. the water is so clean! date published: 2020-12-31 rated 5 out of 5 by bill v. from very pleased i installed our new system just over a week ago and immediately noticed a positive difference in the taste and clarity of our well water. installation was a bit tricky but by taking my time and carefully planning things out i had little trouble. i am hoping that the system will prevent the ugly rust stains in the sinks and tubs - time will tell but so far all is positive. date published: 2020-12-21 rated 5 out of 5 by davecr from fantastic water quality we installed 2 rhino whole house waters & conditioners in our home to maximize water pressure for multiple bathrooms. our main concerns were the chlorine smell of the water and a concern over pfoas and other potential chemicals. since installing the filters, our water tastes so much better and the chlorine smell is gone! i also had the water tested for pfoas in a lab and the result came back with 0 pfoas. overall i'm very happy with the product. also the customer service has been outstanding - their team is knowledgeable and not pushy or salesy. highly recommend! date published: 2020-12-17 rated 5 out of 5 by karengmt from clean, fresh water we've gotten rid of our filter pitcher (one less thing on the countertop!)--our filtered water now comes right out of the tap. i haven't been comfortable drinking water out of our tap for years, and now i can! since the unit was installed (pricey but worth it), i haven't noticed any chlorine smell either. date published: 2020-12-14 premium rhino whole house water filter (no install) reviews - page 2 y_2021, m_1, d_19, h_22 bvseo_bulk, prod_bvrr, vn_bulk_3.0.12 cp_1, bvpage1 co_hasreviews, tv_37, tr_587 loc_en_us, sid_229, prod, sort_[sortentry(order=rating, direction=descending), sortentry(order=submission_time, direction=descending)] clientname_aquasanaserviceteam bvseo_sdk, p_sdk, 3.2.0 cloud, getreviews, 40.36ms reviews, product learn more aquasana faqs what is the difference between city water and well water? city water is pre-treated to make sure it is free of bacteria, viruses and common contamination sources. city water is regulated so that the contaminants regulated by the epa fall within or below epa guidelines. well water is untreated water from an underground aquifer that is pumped into a house. well water may contain higher than average levels of iron or sulfur, or other contaminants. why are whole house water filters considered point of entry systems? the filtration system is installed at the point where the main water supply enters the home, delivering filtered water to all subsequent outlets. what is hard water? hard water contains a higher than average amount of dissolved minerals (primarily calcium and magnesium), and a higher concentration of multivalent cations (ca2+ and mg2+). hard water is mostly a nuisance as these dissolved minerals can clump together to produce scale, which can harm your internal pipes, plumbing, and home appliances. does having hard water mean it is contaminated? no, hard water is more of a nuisance than a health issue, and is not considered contaminated. most water sources in the usa are considered hard. is hard water safe to drink? yes, hard water is healthy enough to drink. what is soft water? the most recognizable trait of "soft" water is how much more soap lathers, as opposed to hard water, in which soap lathers less due to the higher concentration of minerals. water softeners reduce the negative effects of dissolved minerals in water that can clump together and produce scale buildup. does having soft water mean it is clean water? soft water does not mean clean water. your water can be soft and still have contaminants present in the water. is it safe to drink? yes, soft water is considered potable as long as the water has not passed through a sodium-based water softener. drinking water from a sodium-based softener increased your daily intake of sodium, which can lead to health problems in sodium-sensitive individuals. what is a salt-based water softener? a salt-based water softener is a system designed to remove/reduce calcium and magnesium from the water by exchanging it with sodium. this is done through an ion exchange resin that alters the molecular structure of the calcium and magnesium from a divalent ion to a univalent ion, making the water "softer." do softeners reduce chemical contamination? softeners do not remove chemical contamination themselves, but softeners sometimes have a carbon filter working in conjunction with the softener to treat contamination. what type of filtration media do you use in the top tank of the eq-600 and eq-1000? the top tank contains a kdf-55 medium (a mixture of 55% copper and 45% zinc mineral alloy) for the reduction of chlorine and certain heavy metals, as well as a crushed mineral filter stone to enhance the water's ph and control scale on internal plumbing. both media are bacteriostatic, which means they prohibit bacteria and algae from growing or developing within the system. what type of filtration media do you use in the top tank of the eq-well-uv? the eq-well-uv top tank contains a kdf-85 medium (a mixture of 85% copper and 15% zinc mineral alloy) for the reduction of hydrogen sulfide and heavy metals like iron, as well as a crushed mineral filter stone to enhance the water's ph and control scale on internal plumbing. both media are bacteriostatic, which means they prohibit bacteria and algae from growing or developing within the system. what is kdf? kdf stands for kinetic degradation fluxion, which is a redox filtration medium. kdf uses a unique combination of copper and zinc that creates an electrochemical reaction. during this reaction, electrons are transferred between molecules, creating new, harmless molecules and compounds. free chlorine, for instance, is changed into benign, water-soluble chloride, which is then carried harmlessly through the water supply. similarly, some heavy metals* such as copper*, lead*, mercury* and others, cling to the medium's surface, thus being effectively removed from the water supply. what type of media is used in the bottom tank of the eq-600 and eq-1000? the bottom tank contains a carbonized coconut shell medium that reduces synthetic chemicals and vocs. what type of media is used in the bottom tank of the eq-well-uv? the eq-well-uv bottom tank contains a carbonized coconut shell & catalytic medium that reduces synthetic chemicals, hydrogen sulfide gasses and vocs. what percentage of chlorine do aquasana whole home systems remove and for how long? the eq-600 is certified by nsf international to reduce >97% of chlorine for 600,000 gallons or 6 years. the eq-1000 is also tested to reduce chlorine by >97% for 1,000,000 or 10 years. do any of your whole house filters remove calcium? our whole house filters do not remove calcium. to reduce calcium or other hard mineral buildup, we offer whole house filter + salt-free conditioner combo systems. what is the flow rate of aquasana whole house filter systems? all aquasana whole house systems perform at 7 gallons per minute (gpm). will i experience a drop in water pressure after installing the whole house filter? as long as your home is less than 3500 sq. ft. and you have 3-1/2 bathrooms or fewer, you should not experience any noticeable drops in pressure. if you have a larger home, we can build a custom system to deal with the typical water capacity of your home. what is chloramine, and do your whole house filters remove it? chloramine is a disinfection agent comprised of chlorine + ammonia used as an alternative to chlorine in some city water treatment facilities. they use chloramines for two big reasons: (1) chloramine is less reactive, so it does not create as many disinfection by-products as chlorine, and (2) chloramine is more persistent, and remains in the treated water through the distribution network all the way to the taps in the homes the treatment facility serves. for customers with chloramine in their water, we offer the eq-400. the eq-400 features upgraded catalytic activated carbon media , which has a higher surface point and is able to handle the aggressiveness of the chloramine for a longer period of time than the standard coconut shell carbon used in the standard whole house systems. the eq-400 is available for purchase by calling the aquasana water specialists at 866-662-6885. do the whole house systems remove bacteria or viruses? our eq-well-uv well water whole house filter comes standard with the aquasana uv filter specifically designed to kill bacteria and viruses. for our city water whole house systems (eq-600 and eq-1000) that do not come standard with the uv filter, we offer the uv filter as an add-on item that easily attaches to any of our whole house filter systems. do i need a licensed plumber to install the whole house filter? since most licensed plumbers carry insurance to cover any damages caused by an installation error, having a licensed plumber install the system for you will give you the security that the work was done properly and that the installation is backed up by the plumbing company's insurance plan. is uv effective against protozoa such as cryptosporidium and giardia lamblia? yes, as a result of recent findings by academic researchers, it has now been proven that uv is the best available technology to treat these protozoan cysts. in addition, the dose levels required to inactivate these cysts are actually quite low: less than 10 mj/cm2 for 99.9% reduction of both cryptosporidium parvum and giardia lamblia. why do i need to disinfect my water supply? disinfection is recommended for all water supplies that are not protected by a municipal water source. unfortunately, due to the uncertainties that exist with our current water supplies, we can no longer rely on the fact that our water supplies "may be safe". by providing your own disinfection, you are taking the responsibility of ensuring the safety of your water supply for you and your family. does uv remove e. coli? yes, e. coli requires a uv dose of between 6 to 10 mj/cm2 to achieve a 4-log (99.99%) disinfection. this is well within the capabilities of our uv systems which actually deliver a minimum of 30 mj/cm2. is uv 100% effective? uv disinfection typically offers a 4-log reduction (99.99%) for both bacteria and most viruses. uv is more effective than chemical disinfection processes at destroying a wide range of viruses. do i need to disinfect my municipal water supply? our municipalities work very hard to provide safe, disinfected water for their customers. this is quite evident when you consider the difficulties involved in providing safe drinking water through a vast distribution network. if you use water that comes from a municipal water supply and wish to provide your family with added "peace of mind", then we believe a uv system acts as an inexpensive insurance policy against the possibility of drinking bacteriologically contaminated water. how much does it cost to operate uv systems? uv systems are extremely economical to operate. a typical 10 gpm whole house uv system operates on the same power requirements as a 40 watt light bulb! will uv change the taste of my water? no, uv is a physical disinfection process. it does not change the taste or odor of the water. it simply provides safe, reliable disinfection and adds nothing to the water. should i shut my uv system off when i am not using it? no, the uv system should be left on whether you are using the water or not. the lamps age regardless of the amount of water drawn through the system. by leaving the unit on, you will eliminate the potential problem of having contamination pass through the system while the unit is off. however, if water is drained from your disinfection system (e.g. winterizing), your uv system must be switched off. what are the annual maintenance requirements? uv lamps have a useful life of approximately 9000 hours which means that the lamps require annual replacement. the uv light may offer illumination beyond 1 year, however there will not be enough uv energy to provide adequate disinfection. proper maintenance of any pre-treatment is also required. the sleeve should be cleaned at least once a year. do i need to consider the quality of my water prior to the uv? yes, our uv filter is designed for water that has already been filtered through a home filtration system and not as a standalone unit. for uv to be effective, it is recommended that the influent water contain the following: • iron < 0.3 ppm (0.3 mg/l) • manganese < 0.05 ppm (0.05 mg/l) • hardness < 7gpg • tannins < 0.1 ppm (0.1 mg/l) • turbidity < 1ntu • uv transmittance > 75% learn more user q & a hi my name is john : do you have a team come to install system. asked by: john tang hi john, i certainly did. i do my own vehicle, house and gun work; but in my case i would've had to build a loop to install the system. took pros 2hrs just to build the piping. if you already have a system installed and thus dont need the plumbing, you could probably dyi it .. answered by: grumble date published: 2021-01-16 what is the yearly cost for maintenance on the equipment&nbsp; asked by: tess great drinking water if you sign up to get the filters sent to you automatically it would be about $80 a year but you will have to replace the main blue rhino filter once every ten years or 1000000 gallons. i wouldn't call that maintenance cost that is just how long the filter you are buying lasts. answered by: sturtester date published: 2021-01-12 does this filter out fluoride? asked by: dan bush good afternoon, we do not currently offer a product for whole home fluoride reduction. we do have an under-counter ro system so that you can filter fluoride from your drinking water.&nbsp; our optimh20 removes 95% of fluoride plus 87 additional contaminants including lead, mercury, asbestos, pharmaceuticals, pesticides, herbicides, and more. feel free to check out our ro system here: https://www.aquasana.com/drinking-water-filter-systems/reverse-osmosis-claryum let us know if you have any questions at 866-662-6885 or info@aquasana.com. thank you, customer support&nbsp; answered by: aquasana s date published: 2021-01-07 what is the difference between the filters in the rhino city water units and the well water units? can the rhino 1,000,000 unit be used with well water? asked by: cathyron hello, thank you for the question. our 1,000,000 gallon system is our longest lasting filter that delivers great tasting, healthy water throughout your entire home for 10 years or 1 million gallons. 5 year or 500,000-gallon system is designed to tackle well water contamination for safe, great-tasting water, bacteria, and other contaminants. we would love to transfer this to a team whole home specialist who is best-suited to answer any questions or concerns you may have. kindly email us directly at support@aquasana.com or contact us directly at 866-662-6885, monday thru friday from 8 am-5 pm cst. thank you, aquasana customer support answered by: aquasana s date published: 2020-12-11 which of your systems will eliminate sulfer taste, staining and smell in the water? asked by: anonymous thank you for contacting us and your interest in aquasana! however, unfortunately, our whole house well water system does not reduce nor remove iron/sulfur. we recommend getting an iron rival that is designed to handle higher levels of iron intake. https://www.home-water-purifiers-and-filters.com/iron-filter-birm.php if you have any further questions please contact us at 866-662-6885. thank you, aquasana customer support answered by: aquasana s date published: 2020-12-16 just had the system installed including the water conditioner. &nbsp;now my water is cloudy! it was not cloudy before the install. &nbsp;how do i fix this? asked by: tj h20 you have air in your lines. fills clear glass and leave it on the counter for about 5 minutes.... i&rsquo;m certain when you come back, it will be clear(all the air bubbles will rise.) once all of the air clears your lines, you should be fine... it won&rsquo;t hurt you and isn&rsquo;t harmful to drink. if it hasn&rsquo;t cleared up in a few days, check for leaks- call customer service or call your plumber... there may be other issues. answered by: mishey date published: 2020-12-03 i have a 2 bath home /w city water. what size unit should i buy? asked by: anonymous hello, we appreciate your interest in aquasana! we have a process where we ask you some important questions about your home and water to ensure you&rsquo;re getting the right solution for your home. a whole-home expert would then email you a proposed solution and review it with you via email. the email would include a customized system diagram, specifications, installation video, maintenance, and cost. kindly contact us directly at 866-662-6885, monday thru friday from 8 am-6 pm cst, and weekends from 9 am-5 pm cst. &nbsp; -aquasana answered by: -acs date published: 2020-12-16 is the full water aquasana unit ok for outside watering of lawn and landscaping? do i need to bypass the outside lines when installing? asked by: anonymous hello, we would love to transfer this to a team specialist who is best-suited to answer any questions or concerns you may have. kindly email us directly at support@aquasana.com or contact us directly at 866-662-6885, monday thru friday from 8 am-5 pm cst. thank you, aquasana customer support answered by: aquasana s date published: 2021-01-10 premium rhino whole house water filter (no install) questions - page 2 y_2021, m_1, d_19, h_22cst bvseo_bulk, prod_bvqa, vn_bulk_3.0.12 cp_1, bvpage1 co_hasquestionsanswers, tq_898 loc_en_us, sid_229, prod, sort_[sortentry(order=last_approved_answer_submission_time, direction=descending)] clientname_aquasanaserviceteam bvseo_sdk, p_sdk, 3.2.0 cloud, getcontent, 6ms questions, product related products 4-pack 20" whole house pre-filter cartridgesmsrp: $29.95add to cartwhole house salt-free water conditioner replacement tankmsrp: $1340.00add to cart2-stage under counter water filter - brushed nickelmsrp: $199.99add to cart18 oz aquasana glass water bottles - 6 packmsrp: $18.99add to cart † pro-grade installation kit pricing and discounts are shown for 3/4" pipe fittings. additional charges may apply to upgrade to 1" fittings. have a question? give us a call. 866-662-6885 customer service mon - fri 8am - 5pm ct saturday 9am - 2pm ct sales mon - fri 8am - 7pm ct saturday 9am - 5pm ct email us sign up for special offers products whole house water filters whole house water conditioners under sink water filters countertop water filters shower filters replacement filters water bottles all products customer support contact us refunds & returns warranty registration international dealers affiliate program about our story careers info center nsf certified products privacy policy terms & conditions sitemap ©2021 aquasana, inc. follow us on facebook follow us on intagram follow us on twitter follow us on youtube follow us on pinterest follow us on linkedin to give you the best possible experience, our website uses cookies. you can review our privacy policy to find out more about the cookies we use and how to adjust your browser settings to block cookies. if you close this box or continue browsing our website, you accept our use of cookies. accept close panel