来源URL: https://web.archive.org/web/20241226065610/https://www.aquasana.com/shower-head-water-filters/
================================================================================

easy install shower filters for chlorine removal | aquasana skip to main content skip to footer content 6lc6b9szaaaaafxusbjamqnpuzmapx6swm1u-rjh back × my account wishlist whole house under sink countertop shower replacements all products contact us refunds & returns 30% off shower filters the essential health and beauty product. shop now call 866-662-6885 sales hours mon - fri8am - 5pm ct christmas dayclosed saturday9am - 5pm ct call now remove product? × are you sure you want to remove the following product from the cart? cancel yes are you sure you want to remove the following product from the cart? cancel yes shower filters love your hair and skin again. reduce over 90% of chlorine for softer skin and healthier hair. home shower clear all clear all apply ( 4) aquasana’s choice compare quick view shower filter with handheld wand - chrome 4.2 out of 5 customer rating type of shower head: chrome wand price $149.99 water for life® price water for life® protect your investment and save money with water for life® extended limited warranty our performance promise to you — free replacement parts when needed.* discounted replacements the only way to lock in a 15% discount on replacement filters. free shipping replacements shipped to you right when you need them — at no extra cost. no contract free to join and cancel anytime — no long-term commitment required. *exclusions apply. refer to limited warranty details in product owner's manuals. benefits are for the term of water for life® membership. $119.99 20% off + free shipping! add to cart enjoy healthier hair and skin while removing chlorine. includes upgraded chrome massaging handheld wand. compare quick view shower filter with handheld wand - white 4.5 out of 5 customer rating type of shower head: white wand price $139.99 water for life® price water for life® protect your investment and save money with water for life® extended limited warranty our performance promise to you — free replacement parts when needed.* discounted replacements the only way to lock in a 15% discount on replacement filters. free shipping replacements shipped to you right when you need them — at no extra cost. no contract free to join and cancel anytime — no long-term commitment required. *exclusions apply. refer to limited warranty details in product owner's manuals. benefits are for the term of water for life® membership. $111.99 20% off + free shipping! add to cart reduce over 90% of chlorine for softer, more moisturized skin and hair. includes white massaging handheld wand. compare quick view shower filter 5 out of 5 customer rating type of shower head: standard price $119.99 water for life® price water for life® protect your investment and save money with water for life® extended limited warranty our performance promise to you — free replacement parts when needed.* discounted replacements the only way to lock in a 15% discount on replacement filters. free shipping replacements shipped to you right when you need them — at no extra cost. no contract free to join and cancel anytime — no long-term commitment required. *exclusions apply. refer to limited warranty details in product owner's manuals. benefits are for the term of water for life® membership. $95.99 20% off + free shipping! add to cart reduce over 90% of chlorine for softer, more moisturized skin and hair. the essential health and beauty product. best seller compare quick view shower filter without shower head 5 out of 5 customer rating type of shower head: no shower head price $99.99 water for life® price water for life® protect your investment and save money with water for life® extended limited warranty our performance promise to you — free replacement parts when needed.* discounted replacements the only way to lock in a 15% discount on replacement filters. free shipping replacements shipped to you right when you need them — at no extra cost. no contract free to join and cancel anytime — no long-term commitment required. *exclusions apply. refer to limited warranty details in product owner's manuals. benefits are for the term of water for life® membership. $79.99 20% off + free shipping! add to cart reduces more than 90% of chlorine for the freshest shower experience while using your existing shower head. 1 - 4 of 4 results coconut shell carbon + patented copper-zinc media = healthy, pure water our innovative shower water filtration system is independently tested and proven to nsf/ansi standard 177 to reduce over 90% of chlorine, providing you with a cleaner, healthier shower experience. peace of mind natural, eco-friendly coconut shell carbon filters out chlorine for purity you can feel. out with toxins patented copper-zinc (kdf) media filtration further reduces chlorine and prohibits bacteria and algae growth. goodbye, contaminants hair & skin health eco-friendly breathe easy no pressure drop goodbye, contaminants tested and proven to reduce over 90% of chlorine from your shower water. hair & skin health reduce your skin and hair's exposure to harsh chlorine that can cause damage and excessive drying. eco-friendly our natural coconut shell carbon filters chlorine while having a net negative carbon footprint, so you stay environmentally friendly. breathe easy instantly improve air quality by filtering out chlorine that can evaporate in steam and contaminate the air you breathe. no pressure drop superior upflow design ensures maximum water contact time with filtration media while retaining water pressure. quick view optimh2o® $3,598.00 shop now quick view optimh2o® $3,598.00 shop now replacements replace your filters regularly to keep clean, healthy water flowing. shower replacements water for life® replacement filters auto-delivered to you — for less. 15% off filter replacements, an extended limited warranty, and free shipping — no contract required. that's water for life®. learn more as seen in hear from people who love aquasana my husband and i love the filter! we noticed a difference in how our hair and skin felt immediately. also, we have a lot of chlorine in our water; you could smell it! i have bad asthma and noticed i can breathe easier in the steamy shower after installing the filter. the customer service is excellent. we wish we had bought this a long time ago! dnaragan - greenville, sc shower filter without shower head i am already enjoying the benefits of my new shower filter after the first few showers! my hair is noticeably softer after only two showers. i was worried that my husband would not be satisfied with the water pressure coming out of the wand, but i was pleasantly surprised. the water pressure is absolutely amazing, and the filter does not hold any pressure back. installation was a breeze. i did sign up for the water for life program and now i don't even have to keep track of when to replace the filter. great product! quest for wellness - u.s.a. shower filter with handheld wand - chrome i had to write this review after just two days of use because the difference to my hair is amazing. i have been dyeing my hair for years and it's dry, brittle, broken, and not in good shape at all. after just two days of using this shower head, my hair is shiny and soft. i expected some difference in the water, but i really did not expect such a dramatic difference to my hair. i am so glad that i made this purchase. oh, and it was easy to install too, so that was an added bonus. plus, it has a nice massage feature and has really good water pressure. there is not one negative thing i have to say about this shower filter. tanr - san diego, ca shower filter with handheld wand - chrome i bought two of the shower filters, one for each bathroom. i have sensitive skin, dry hair, and itchy skin from the water where i live. after i installed the filters and took a shower, i could tell the difference right away on my skin and hair! i am so glad i ordered them. p.s. i prefer to brush my teeth in the shower because of the clean water! grandma g - bakersfield, ca shower filter my entire family noticed the difference immediately! there was so much chlorine in our city water you could smell it. i couldn't put enough lotion on to combat my dry itchy skin. my hair looked terrible. i cannot imagine being without this shower filter now. even my husband noticed how it made his hair soft. my daughter and i who both have long hair love it! i've had so many compliments on my hair and don't need all the hair products to make it look nice. water lover - rockport, tx shower filter without shower head i am so happy with my shower water filter and handheld wand. it works terrifically. it was easy for me to install, and my hair and skin feel so much better. my hair had been getting darker with each wash as it is blonde. my hair now is not only softer, but it is keeping its color very well. i am so happy that i got this product!!! willyums - augusta, me shower filter with handheld wand - white healthy living starts with healthy water discover all the ways cleaner, filtered water improves your well-being. healthier water with exposure to environmental toxins on the rise, filtering your water is essential. better taste we all need to drink more water. it’s easier if it tastes better. softer skin & hair treat yourself to the ultimate self-care experience by bathing in water free from harsh chemicals. easier breathing improve indoor air quality by filtering out chemicals that evaporate and contaminate the air you breathe. protected home lessen sediment and scale-build up that can wreak havoc on your pipes and appliances. eco-friendly reduce your carbon footprint by minimizing your reliance on single-use plastic water bottles. whole house filters healthier, great tasting water from every tap in your home. shop whole house under sink filters faucet-specific filters remove the maximum number of contaminants for healtheir drinking and cooking. shop under sink countertop filter superior contaminant removal without the need for installation. shop countertop shower filters reduces chlorine for healthier breathing, skin, and hair. shop shower how do shower filters work? a shower filter attaches to your showerhead to reduce chlorine from the water it dispenses. each aquasana shower head filter contains eco-friendly coconut shell carbon and patented copper-zinc (kdf) filtration media that acts as a sponge to catch chlorine as water passes through. shower filters are individually installed, so you can choose to place them in as many or few bathrooms as you'd like. you can also reduce contaminants from your shower and bath water by using a whole house filter system to give you clean, healthy water from every faucet in your home. benefits of a shower filter tap water can contain chlorine, synthetic chemicals, and other contaminants that are harsh on your hair and skin and can even affect the air that you breathe. these substances are associated with excessive drying, which damages the skin and causes hair to lose its shine. aquasana shower filters remove 90% of chlorine to make water safer and gentler, resulting in stronger hair and softer skin. how to choose the best shower filter many shower filters are ineffective due to the use of outdated technology that prevents water from being filtered efficiently. here's what you need to consider when looking for a shower water filter: performance shower filter performance comes down to two factors: effectiveness — what contaminants does the filter remove or reduce? flow rate — how quickly is water filtered so it can flow without reducing water pressure? many manufacturers compromise on one of these areas to excel in the other, so do your research before buying a water filter for your shower. for effectiveness, make sure the filter is proven via independent testing to reduce chlorine and/or chloramines. for flow rate, look for a filter that works with standard 2.5 gallons per minute (gpm) showerheads to ensure consistent water pressure. the aquasana shower filter excels in both critical performance factors. the system is independently tested to nsf/ansi standard 177 to reduce over 90% of chlorine. the included simplysoft® coconut shell and copper-zinc (kdf) media is nsf/ansi tested and certified to standard 61. the standard filter works with most 2.5 gpm showerheads so you can keep your existing unit, but we also offer alternatives if you're looking for a change. design shower filters are visible when installed, so make sure the one you choose matches the aesthetic of your shower. think about the color and functionality of your showerhead, and whether you'd prefer to swap your old unit with a relaxing massage wand in white or chrome. design can also have an impact on performance, so choose a shower filter that uses an upflow system to prevent media channeling and clogging. utilizing an upflow design also increases water contact time with media for superior filtration at an exceptional flow rate. easy installation/replacement pick a long-lasting filter that's easy to install and replace when needed. avoid plumber fees by choosing a filter that attaches to the outside shower pipe and can be replaced with ease. aquasana's shower filter lasts for 10,000 gallons or up to six months and is easy to install and replace as needed. don't want to keep track of ordering replacement filters? learn how aquasana's water for life® auto-delivery program can help you replace filters on time, without worry and at discounted prices. shower filter faqs what does a shower water filter do? shower filters are installed on individual showerheads to remove chlorine to protect your hair and skin from excessive drying and damage. using a shower filter also reduces the danger associated with vaporized chlorine, which can be inhaled as steam when taking a hot shower. are shower filters worth it? shower filters are a great investment to improve the health of your skin and hair, potentially saving you money that would otherwise be spent on beauty products to fix the damage caused by harsh chemicals. depending on the number of bathrooms you have and if you want filtered water from other sources, it may be cost-effective to install a whole house system instead of several other filters throughout your home. how long do shower filters last? most shower filters last about six months, but the lifespan may vary depending on your usage which is why it's important to look at the gallon capacity of each filter. our shower filter has a lifespan of 10,000 gallons or up to six months (whichever comes first). compare clear all list of contaminants our patented claryum® technology reduces 78 contaminants – that's 15x more than the leading gravity pitcher filter – all while retaining beneficial minerals to give you the best-tasting, healthiest water. water treatment & disinfectants chlorine chloramines brxomodichloromethane (thm) chlorodibromomethane bromochloroacetontrile dichloroacetonitrile solids particulate turbidity asbestos microplastics biological cysts (cryptosporidium & giardia) metals lead ph 6.5 lead ph 8.5 mercury ph 6.5 mercury ph 8.5 chemicals (industrial solvents, flame retardants, glue, paint, etc.) mtbe bisphenol a (bpa) nonylphenol tcep tcpp pfoa & pfos benzene carbon tetrachloride chlorobenzene o-dichlorobenzene p-dichlorobenzene 1, 2-dichloroethane 1, 1-dichloroethylene cis-1, 2-dichloroethylene trans-1, 2-dichloroethylene 1, 2-dichloropropane ethylbenzene dibromoacetonitrile trichloroacetonitrile 1,1-dichloro-2-propanone 1,1,1-trichloro-2-propanone hexachlorobutadiene hexachlorocyclopentadiene styrene 1,1,2,2-tetrachloroethane tetrachloroethylene toluene 2,4,5-tp (silvex) tribromoacetic acid 1,2,4-trichlorobenzene 1,1,1-trichloroethane 1,1,2-trichloroethane trichloroethylene bromoform chloroform xylenes herbicides, pesticides, insecticides, fumigants deet linuron metolachlor alachlor atrazine carbofuran chloropicrin 2,4-d dibromochloropropane (dbcp) cls-1, 3-dichloropropene dinoseb endrin ethylene dibromide (edb) heptachlor (h-34, heptox) heptachlor epoxide lindane methoxychlor pentachlorophenol simazine pharmaceutical atenolol carbamazepine estrone ibuprofen meprobarmate naproxen phenytoin trimethoprim have a question? give us a call. 866-662-6885 customer service mon - fri 8am - 5pm ct christmas day closed saturday 9am - 5pm ct sales mon - fri 8am - 5pm ct christmas day closed saturday 9am - 5pm ct email us sign up for special offers products products whole house water filters whole house water softeners whole house water conditioners under sink water filters countertop water filters shower filters replacement filters parts and accessories all products customer service customer support contact us check order status shipping, refunds & returns warranty documents product manuals financing locate an installer installation videos wishlist wishlist search about about our story careers affiliate program international dealers info center certified products list performance data sheets patents privacy policy terms & conditionsdo not sell or share my info ©2024 aquasana, inc. 40eb7b21-fd63-45b4-b128-e347b2b19e2c f1ff3fc8-c75b-4f66-a1f8-16d46f56af32 46fae41f-a25c-4292-a884-06ba4288734b 022cca8b-eda5-4a22-9383-63f3db0e067f 2e96cf56-0abe-4cb4-927c-4c853d78245a f279649c-e87c-45bf-b804-6041acc5ffc8 fill 1 7087053e-1e2b-4c49-a731-95acacc091b1 d0c14e40-9aad-478e-ad60-76766bc3e33e f7da88a6-d95b-4a08-a964-f3021b15922f 67fd42a9-b71b-479e-a8b3-8abf9a0130b8 ac5c02ac-ac86-4fd4-aa3b-f176fff42f3e 5ed62301-aa39-4cb4-b6b8-eb405816f097 1012797d-f915-4dbc-a00d-0d3e9b36746a 1a75caf8-435c-45c2-8626-1d5c0a837d53 ×