来源URL: https://web.archive.org/web/20131206123539/http://www.toolsusa.com/blog/
================================================================================

tools usa blog sales & support - us: 800-451-2425 · can: 877-452-8919       visitor id: para español: 877-221-1600 you tube facebook tools usa blog serving the body shop industry since 1979 0 items in cart check out account about us help desk sales & specials contact us blog home>tools usa blog post navigation ← older posts rotisserie auto body lift/rotator posted on october 27, 2013 by kat mendenhall reply tools usa sells rotisserie for car and truck frames. let’s face it; we are not getting any younger and our bodies tend to ache more than usual. guys who work on cars have sore backs, well, all the time. sure, there are dollies, or carts, that will slide you in and out… but your still on your back. wouldn’t it be easier if the car’s under-body came to you? ta-da!  meet the auto rotisserie. it’s called a rotisserie because it spins the frame of the car around 360 degrees, just like a rotisserie chicken! it’s a great value for an unbeatable price. for less than $1000, it’s a must have for anyone restoring the body or frame of a truck or car.  frame restoration is made easy with this quality car rotator. once the vehicle is lifted onto the rotisserie, it can be spun around a full 360 degrees for full access. it puts the person working on the vehicle in a comfortable upright or sit-down position to have full access for sanding, welding or whatever other body work needs to be performed. it is also much safer than working underneath a car that is on sitting on some jack stands. click here for more detailed information on the rotisserie we sell. heavy-duty balancing system. securely locks at any angle. two 6,600lb. capacity jacks to adjust working height. four 16″ mounting arms. three piece telescoping center bar adjusts to 25′ six 3″ phenolic resin swivel casters. lifting capacity 3,000lbs axle steel thickness 1/8″ bracket steel thickness 1/4″ adapter arms are made out of 2 1/2″ square tubing that is 3/16″ thick height overall 77 1/8″ length overall 258 1/4″ width overall 58 7/8″ lifting height 17 3/4″ – 45 1/4″ net weight 378lbs. posted in uncategorized | tagged car frame, car restoration, frame restoration, jack stands, rotisserie, rotisserie lift, tools usa, truck frame, truck restoration | leave a reply tools usa customer service desk posted on october 1, 2013 by kat mendenhall reply from the desk of gina gilchrist: customer service rep for any successful company, their customers make them who they are. when problems arrive, the first point of contact is the customer service department. we are like fire fighters on the front line, fighting fires that range from defective equipment returns to making sure the equipment that a customer needs is correct before we send it out to them. we get happy customers calling to say thank you and we get irate customers calling because something wasn’t what they thought it was. whatever the situation, i am here to help them become a client of ours for life. that’s my job. we don’t want to lose any customers because of poor service. i understand that there are customers out there that just can’t be pleased, but we will try everything we can to solve any issue that they have. i believe in being diligent and giving a lot of tlc to our customers.  as a customer service rep at standard tools and equipment, i know that what i say and how i respond to our customers will go a long way and have a huge impact in our customers experience. there is article after article about great customer services. tips, tricks, software, pop-up windows and such … but what i believe makes great customer service goes all the way back to my  kindergarten days, “treat others as you would like to be treated”. it’s simple. we believe in our customers, and we enjoy them. i truly enjoy my interaction with them each day. please let me know how i can assist you. check out some more about our customer service policies here. posted in standard tools, tools usa | tagged customer service, eagle equipment, standard tools and equipment, tools usa | leave a reply order shipping and delivery at tools usa posted on august 12, 2013 by kat mendenhall reply when is my order shipping & when will it delivered? i bought something online the other day and was shocked to find that it would take almost two weeks to be delivered…. for a pair of shoes! the well-known company i used shipped it ups to my local usps center, where it sat for 2 days until it is was delivered to my local carrier and finally to my house. it would have been easier to just go to a local store and get it… but then i wouldn’t have gotten such a great deal, and in my size. as we all drive up and down the interstate, it’s hard not to see trucks traveling up and down, carrying products to their final destination. to stay competitive and the spontaneous ability to ship anywhere, most companies use an outside carrier to ship their products all over the country and to international destinations. shipping and delivery at tools usa is quick. in shipping our products to you, we use estes express, road runner, wilson trucking or ups.  we know how anxious you are to receive your order, so we make every effort to get your equipment out our door in a timely manner. if you place your order in the morning, and it’s in stock, we strive to have it out the next day. once it’s on the truck, we have no control over when your equipment will arrive to you. we do meet with the trucking companies often and negotiate on our customer’s behalf for fair shipping prices and suitable shipping times. one of the services our customer service team offers is a phone call to let you know when your order leaves our warehouse and to give you an estimated time to expect it.  we recommend that once you receive a call from our customer service team, you call the trucking company and setup a time for delivery. we’re happy to give you the trucking company’s contact information. that way, you will be informed of any delays on their end as well as be prepared to accept delivery when they arrive and start enjoying your order! extra tip: be sure to inspect your order for shipping damage before you sign for it! posted in standard tools, tools usa | tagged delivery, estes express, estimated time, freight, handleing, inspect your order, international destinations, road runner, ship, shipping, shipping and handeling, shipping damage, tools usa, ups, wilson trucking | leave a reply have you ‘visited’ your auto body shop lately? posted on june 17, 2013 by kat mendenhall reply improving your auto body shop & increasing your profits by: tracy beach one of the things i like most about my job is that i get to see our products in action.  when i am visiting a shop to see specific products, i also get a perspective of processes and the overall professionalism of the shop. over the past several months i have made several observations that seem obvious to a visitor but went unnoticed by the shop team that was there every day.  the following notes are not intended as ‘duh’ comments, but as simple things that can make a shop more professional and profitable. warning: some of these are going to make you say, “isn’t that obvious?” yes, but in our everyday lives, not seeing what is obvious to a visitor can slow productivity, decrease quality and decrease safety. continue reading → posted in auto body shop, automotive body shop, standard tools, tools usa | tagged air makeup unit, auto body shop, body shop owner, car shop observations, clamps, fire hazard, frame machines, messy body shops, organized body shops, productivity, pulling chains, spray paint booth, standard tools and equipment, tools usa | leave a reply canadian paint booth standards posted on may 6, 2013 by kat mendenhall reply nfpa-33 spray application for combustible or flammable materials is authored by the national fire protection association and is regarded as the top-level standard for spray booth design, use and maintenance.   this booklet is available through various online sites (e.g. www.techstreet.com) for under $50.  it is used by all spray booth manufacturers in the usa and should be owned by anyone using a spray booth.  it is full of information based on past issues.  standard tools and equipment also refers to osha 29cfr1910 and ifc codes to influence spray booth design, materials and manufacturing. continue reading → posted in uncategorized | tagged canadian paint booth standard, canadian paint booths, cetl, csa ch 22.2 no. 14, national fire protection association, nfpa, nfpa 33, osha, osha 29cfr1910, paint booths, standard tools and equipment, tools usa, ul-508a | leave a reply which air compressor is right for you? posted on may 3, 2013 by kat mendenhall reply for most shops, having an air compressor is a necessity. if you’re in the market for a compressor, make sure the air compressor you choose is the right one for your business and that it will meet all the requirements you need. with dozens of manufacturers to choose from, tools usa only sells the most reputable and well-known brands. we stand by their products and they all have a 1-year parts warranty. whether you are going to use it occasionally or on a daily basis, there are several factors to consider. tank size, configuration, horsepower and required cfm’s are important to think about. should you choose a vertical or horizontal unit? the configuration of the air compressor is important. air compressor tanks vary widely in size, so it’s important to think about how you will be using it to determine the size you’ll need. tools that work in short bursts—an impact wrench, for example—work well with a small tank. tools that continuously use air such as grinders, spray guns and sand blasters will require a larger tank. if you can’t decide, be safe and go with the one with the larger tank. as tank size increases, so does the overall size of the compressor.  if you want a big tank but have space concerns, consider a vertical tank instead of a horizontal model. to conserve space, a vertical compressor can be a big bonus when compared to a horizontal unit. how much power do you need? the cfm and psi ratings indicate which tools a compressor can operate. make sure the compressor can supply the amount of air and pressure for your tools. select a compressor that exceeds the cfm requirement of your most powerful air tool. for example, air hammers, die grinders, drills and ratchets require 4.0 cfm and around 90 psi. high-speed grinders require 8.0 cfm while sanders are around 6- 7.5 cfm. air compressor motors range from simple 110-volt, 1/2-horsepower jobs all the way up to three-phase, 220-240-volt with 25+ horsepower. the electrical service available to your shop dictates the largest compressor you can install. the electricity used in industrial settings is generally three-phase power. here are a couple links on how to size the compressors that we sell, manufactured by industrial gold: click here to download for our rotary screw compressors click here to download for our piston compressors once you have decided the right compressor for you, maintaining it is extremely important. just like changing the oil in your car. daily usage and vibration of compressors can cause the fittings and bolts to loosen and should be checked when your compressor is serviced. here are some other preventative measures you should take: daily: drain moisture from the tank weekly:  check the pump oil level and top off if necessary quarterly: change oil and filter, check condition and alignment of belt, flywheel and motor pulley, check operation of the safety valve, check pressure switch unloader to ensure the compressor unloads when the motor shuts down and clean dirt and dust from the pump fins and motor. every 2,000 hours: lubricate electric motor, inspect and replace (as necessary) the pump valves, check valves, safety valves, pressure gauge, and belt(s). why is industrial gold one of the manufacturers we choose to offer our clients? we like that they are family-owned and operated since 1996 and they build all of their products with same level of pride and commitment that they started their business with. they make the simplest to operate, easiest to maintain and most reliable compressors on the market today. simply put, they make a quality compressor at a great price and tools usa is happy to offer the full line to our customers. posted in auto body shop, standard tools | tagged air compressor, compressors, horizontal compressors, industrial gold, vertical compressors | leave a reply what does your parking lot look like? posted on april 15, 2013 by kat mendenhall reply winter is over and the cars damaged due to icy and snowy driving may have your parking lot in overflow mode.  people are ready to have their vehicles repaired and get ready for the nice cruising weather ahead. when there is plenty of work coming your way, you may think you don’t have time for anything else…. but now is the precise time when you should be investing in your shop for even more work down the road. ask yourself these checklist questions to make sure your shop is in optimal working mode: is your frame machine working well, or will it hamper the work to be done? how about the hydraulics and clamping devices? is your spray booth clean and efficient? are you painting without a booth? do you need another spray booth? how about smaller items like air compressors, mixing rooms, pulling chains, measuring tools and sanding equipment? the best time to invest in your shop is when it you have plenty of work and cash flow coming through the door.  make plans to improve the productivity and quality of your work now, when you don’t need to get a loan or settle for cheaper equipment. improving your shop when your competitor down the street doesn’t has a long-lasting impact on the profitability and survivability of your shop. we want to see you busy and in business for a long time to come. let us help you today. visit our sites: eagle equipment, tools usa, paint-booths.com. posted in auto body, auto body shop, automotive body shop, automotive repair equipment, standard tools, tools usa | tagged body shop business, body shop checklist, body shop investment, frame machines, paint booths, paint-booths.com, pulling equipment, tools usa, winter car repair | leave a reply it’s fix-a-dent season! posted on march 6, 2013 by kat mendenhall reply vehicular accidents increase in the winter.  snow and ice make driving tricky.   holiday shopping and travel mean extra miles.  shorter days mean more nighttime driving.   body shops get busy, and standard tools sells more collision repair equipment, including frame pulling systems.  it might help to know your options before you start shopping. portable pulling systems are useful as mobile devices for spot-work.  they work by pulling one part of the car against another and can only be used for small jobs, unless a user really is an artist at this kind of work. pulling posts are used with anchor pots in the shop floor.  this process dates to the 1920’s and is still used by some shops.  the systems are very robust but can be slow to operate.  pulls are generally simple and uni-directional. the dozer is a rolling main tube with a pivoting vertical tube that pulls a secured chain.  this equipment is very useful on straight pulls on the side or end of a vehicle.  the vertical post rotates for more adjusting, but complex or pulls at an angle to the vehicle must be done in stages. our floor system is a full system with four clamping stands and a rolling vertical pulling post.   the bed is made of six heavy-duty sections that anchor to the shop floor to create a machine bed that is larger than some frame machines.  the system comes with one rolling round pulling tower, but standard tools can provide a second tower.  this system is useful for other repair tasks and only sits 4.5” above the floor when not in use. standard tools offers three different frame machines.   the 3003-17 is our entry-level machine that comes ready for any job.  it comes with two 10-ton square towers, four clamp stands and an infinite range of tower locations.  this machine is easy to use and should perform well on most autos and light trucks.  the 3002-18t and 3002-20t frame machines are heavy-duty frame machines designed to repair auto and most pickup trucks.  rounds towers allow pulls at an angle to the bed, and the ½” bed thickness provides a stable pulling platform.  all three frame machines are tilt-style to allow easy loading of most vehicles.  all three machines work with a wide range of measuring equipment and machine accessories. if your body shop parking lot is filling with collision work or if it just time to replace a tired frame machine, give us a call.  our website has plenty of photos and videos to show the quality and features of our systems.  standard tools started in business in 1979 supplying collision repair equipment and continues to supply real value to shops who profit by repairing all types of collision damage. posted in auto body, auto body shop, automotive repair equipment, collision repair, tools usa | tagged dozer, floor system, frame machines, frame pulling machines, portable pulling systems, pulling post, winter car crashes | leave a reply sure, you can go with the cheapest deal you find online. posted on february 15, 2013 by kat mendenhall reply frame machine, chassis machine, frame straightener or whatever you want to call them!  in recent years, frame machine choices, prices and quality have changed immensely due to the ever-growing internet. the internet has changed the frame machine market, with one- and two-man operations giving the impression that they are bigger than they are. they want the customer to think that they are viable, multi-location, well-staffed companies.  how can you tell when you’re shopping online, anyway? with lower-priced import machines flooding the market, who you purchase from is as important, if not more, than what you buy.  you need to research the company that you are planning to purchase from to find out how long the company has been in business, how many employees they have, what type of facility they are operating from, and what level of customer service you can expect. sure, you can go with the cheapest deal you find online. but what you will get is very poor quality from an unreliable company. these companies don’t last long, and when they shut down how will you find replacement parts, contact customer service or get product support? remember the golden rule, you get what you pay for! pay the little bit more to get a good machine from a quality company that will stand the test of time in your shop. tools usa has been a leader in the industry since 1979, you can trust that we will sell you a quality machine and be here for the many years that it will last you! read more about us! posted in automotive repair equipment, collision repair, frame machine, frame machines, frame straightener, frame straightening, standard tools, tools usa | tagged chassis machine, frame machines, frame straightened, saturn, tools usa | leave a reply measuring; before & after posted on february 10, 2013 by kat mendenhall reply collision repair shops both large and small need accurate measuring capabilities in order to return a customer’s vehicle to pre-crash condition. the allvis computerized measuring system offers simple, technician-friendly measuring with the capability to print before and after repair reports.the system saves the work orders as jpeg files, making it easy to pull them up in the future. at a price that is affordable to the smaller shop and attractive to the large multi-tech shop, this system offers you a simple, speedy operation. with the allvis system shops can meet the print out requirements of many insurance companies to qualify for drp status, without the $35000 investment.  the allvis systems are the most practical , technician friendly systems available.  any technician regardless of experience can measure, register and print using the allvis systems. posted in automotive repair equipment, collision repair, tools usa | tagged allvis, collision repair print out, measuring alignment systems, measuring systems, tools usa collision | leave a reply post navigation ← older posts search email subscriptionenter your email address to subscribe to this blog and receive notifications of new posts by email.leave blank:don't change:your email: categories auto body auto body shop automotive body shop automotive repair equipment car lifts collision repair frame machine frame machines frame rack frame straightener frame straightening paint booth paint booths paint mixing room paintbooth powder coat pulling posts spray booth spray booths standard tools tools usa uncategorized waterborne recent posts rotisserie auto body lift/rotator tools usa customer service desk order shipping and delivery at tools usa have you ‘visited’ your auto body shop lately? canadian paint booth standards recent commentssasikumar on manufactured vs. homemade paint boothsstandard tools on powder coat versus wet paintlisa on powder coat versus wet paintlavern kendtick on spray booth finishair filtration on industry hazard: combustible dustarchives october 2013 august 2013 june 2013 may 2013 april 2013 march 2013 february 2013 december 2012 october 2012 august 2012 february 2012 may 2011 april 2011 march 2011 january 2011 december 2010 november 2010 october 2010 june 2010 may 2010 march 2010 february 2010 january 2010 december 2009 november 2009 october 2009 september 2009 august 2009 july 2009 june 2009 standard tools and equipment co. 4810 clover rd greensboro, nc 27405 us toll free: 800-451-2425 ca toll free: 877-452-8919 phone: 336-697-7177 fax: 336-697-1738 company home about us contact us shipping & returns privacy policy faqs site map custom designs easy assembly quick quotes our paint booth systems photo gallery payment options lease application email specials sign up to receive special offers, featured products and updates about tools usa. mastercard visa american express discover card paypal check copyright © 2013 standard tools and equipment co. all rights reserved. web design and development by miva merchant