来源URL: https://web.archive.org/web/20141214195330/http://www.toolsusa.com/blog/
================================================================================

tools usa blog sales & support - us: 800-451-2425 · canada: 877-452-8919 para español: 877-221-1600 visitor id: you tube facebook tools usa blog serving the body shop industry since 1979 0 items in cart check out account about us help desk sales & specials contact us blog home>tools usa blog post navigation ← older posts calling all customers… we want your … photos posted on october 9, 2014 by kat mendenhall reply i have heard the phrase imitation is the sincerest form of flattery many times throughout my life thus far. today, i spoke with a new customer, who had reached out to us for pricing on a new spray booth for his growing business. he mentioned in our conversation that he had a buddy down the road who bought one from us years ago and was thrilled with it. based on this word-of-mouth testimony from one buddy to another, this guy did not even bother to look anywhere else … he just picked up the phone and called us. word-of-mouth is a pretty sincere form of flattery too…. and we want more of it. read on to see how you can help. testimonials are the best form of advertising to us at standard tools. what better way to decide on what product to buy than to read how much others love it? now, i understand that price plays a big role in a person’s decision when it comes to buying equipment…  but if your buddy has one and he is thrilled with it… is price alone really the deciding factor? something to think about anyway. if imitation is the sincerest form of flattery and testimonials are the best form of promotion, then a product photo of the equipment in use in a shop are the best way for us to show off our products. who doesn’t love to see some equipment being used? (most of the time, the photos also have some pretty cool cars to show off as well). if you have a piece of our equipment in your shop and you want to share a photo with us, along with a brief testimonial, we would love for you to send it our way so we can share on our social media sites! if your photo is used, we will send you a great big thank you and a little surprise for giving us your time, testimonial and photo. so, if you have a paint booth, automotive lift, frame machine or tire equipment … send it to us. here are the details to include in your email to katm@standardtool.com subject line: customer testimonial your name and business name your city and state product you have? what do you use it for? why do you like it? would you recommend it? why or why not? please make sure that any junk or trash is removed prior to taking the photo, it helps make a better photo.  that’s it! posted in uncategorized | tagged photo, product, tools usa | leave a reply what does our customer care team have in common? posted on september 11, 2014 by kat mendenhall reply at tools usa we have an awesome customer care team (cc team). on hand to help you with your purchase, before, during and after the sale. they are there to answer your questions, find solutions for your shop and make sure you know what you need to know to make a smart and informed choice.  we know that you can buy from several places: ebay stores, amazon or craig’s list. we offer a higher level of service and a happier customer. what all of our customer service members have in common: patience- what an important tool when a customer may be confused or frustrated. the extra time that is taken to help the customer figure out what they want or need makes the difference in whether or not that customer will order from us again. from our cc team member gina, “i always focus on the person, not the issue, to make them feel important and that they have my undivided attention for whatever they may need.” knowledge- knowledge is important. each member of our team know the in’s and out’s of how our products work in the same manner that our customer uses our products every day. with many of our members working here for over 10 years, our cc team has decades of combined experience in our products, the customers we serve and the industry we love. from our cc team, “we have the most knowledgeable staff in the industry. i feel like our customers have such an advantage in the market because they have a team behind them to help them select the right equipment to succeed.”  let us share our experiences with you and help you find the perfect product for you needs. solution-oriented- a unique personality trait of everyone on our cc team is their ability to stay focused on solutions. weather it’s an issue that needs a solution, or a shop who doesn’t have the room for a paint booth, or the auto repair shop that needs a lift. we keep our focus on our customer’s satisfaction and try everything in our power to find solutions and answers for them. we want our customers to feel that we are right beside them, to help and guide them through quality products, knowledgeable sales team and the desire to grow both our business and theirs. our mission statement: delivering excellence to the automotive and painting industries. every product. every customer. every day. our customer care team members are the backbone of our company. give gina, jennifer, rosie, kelly, mark, zach, andy, heather or ryan a call at 800-451-2425! we love them all and know you will too! posted in standard tools, tools usa, uncategorized | tagged customer care, customer service, standard tools, tools usa | leave a reply air compressors posted on august 15, 2014 by kat mendenhall reply compressed air may not sound very important to most people but it is life’s blood of a collision repair facility due to the fact that most of the tools that are used to repair, paint and finish a vehicle are powered by compressed air. many shops have more technicians than their compressor can supply which causes delays and lost productivity.  higher end shops are leaning toward the rotary screw compressors due to the higher duty cycles. when deciding on a new compressor for your shop you can use a simple formula to calculate the required cfm (cubic feet per minute).  collision repair facilities will need 8 cfm per technician and automotive repair facilities will require 5 cfm per tech.  some shops may require more or less air so this should be considered as a guideline. it is also a good idea to run more than one compressor so that your shop could operate on a limited capacity  rather come to a full stop if you happen encounter compressor problems. need an air compressor? check out toolsusa’s full line of compressors here. posted in uncategorized | tagged air compressor, auto shop, auto tech, body shop tools, rotary screw compressors, shop tools | leave a reply standard tools welcomes new director of sales posted on august 7, 2014 by kat mendenhall reply ryan daniels has been hired as the company’s new director of sales and we are excited at the fresh perspective and excitement he brings to the office. daniels’ comes to standard tools and equipment with over 10 years of experience in sales; most recently managing a multi-million dollar retail store. he successfully grew sales each year he was there, developing his store to be one of the highest producing stores in the district. “ryan is a welcome addition to the growth and future of our company,” said michael kestler, ceo of standard tools and equipment. “he brings the experience, enthusiasm and desire we need to take our company to the next level of growth.” daniels is ready to work with the many knowledgeable sales team members. “the group of sales professionals here at standard tools and equipment are the most knowledgeable team in the industry,” daniels said. “they have decades of experiences between them and they share a determination to give our customer’s the best advise and equipment. i am excited at the opportunity to help grow the business with them.” born and raised in indiana, daniels attended the business school at indiana university east. he is married and has two children, hannahgrace (9) and hunter (6). in his free time he enjoys golfing, fishing and boating. posted in standard tools, tools usa | tagged customer service, new hire, ryan daniels, sales, standard tools, tools usa | leave a reply cool-space fans lower your shop’s temperature in the hot summer months posted on may 30, 2014 by kat mendenhall reply the cool-space fans are a very cost effective, easy-to-use and environmentally friendly solution for cooling areas that need short term or temporary cooling or where flexibility is required. they are portable, so it is easy to cool and move! there are three principle sizes of product that can cool areas from 500 square feet up to 4000 square feet! all you need is a water supply and a single-phase electricity outlet. how would you like to be 28 degrees cooler this summer? one of the largest dangers in the hot summer months is being over-heated. that is an issue that we ourselves are careful to guard against in our own plant. our guys are out there in 90-degree heat, building paint booths and shipping product.  our paint booth department actually works the early shift, starting at 6am so they can leave before the really hot part of the afternoon. it is very important to follow some safety guidelines (like staying well hydrated), as well as keep our plant as cool as possible. one of the ways we keep our space cool is by using cool-space evaporating cooling fans. the cool-space range of portable evaporate coolers provides a very cost effective, easy-to-use and environmentally friendly solution for cooling areas that need short term or temporary cooling or where flexibility is required. they are portable, so it is easy to cool and move! there are three principle sizes of product that can cool areas from 500 square feet up to 4000 square feet! all you need is a water supply and a single-phase electricity outlet. read more and find the right cooler for you in their buyer’s guide. but, how does cool-space fans work? the 8” thick cooling medium in the heart of the evaporate cooler lowers the ambient temperature by up to 28°f (depending on the relative humidity). the fan pulls in the hot air; it passes through the 8” medium pad, soaked with water and provides the cooling effect. the cooler air is then re-added to the environment and immediately provides a cooler atmosphere. they work in situations where conventional air conditioning won’t work or would be too expensive to operate. some examples are automotive shops, industrial warehouses, airplane hangers, dry cleaners, outdoor tents, lawn and garden shops and horse stables. we not only use cool-space in our warehouse, we also offer cool-space as a product to our customers! you can see some product videos on their youtube page. stay cool, heather baumann sales & customer service posted in standard tools, tools usa | tagged automotive shop fans, cool-space, cool-space evaporating cooling fans, evaporate coolers fan, over-heated, portable evaporate coolers, shop equipment, shop fans, standard tools, tools usa, water fans | leave a reply infrared curing lamps -plug it in & get to work posted on january 20, 2014 by kat mendenhall reply infrared curing lamps are a cost effective way to speed up the process of drying or curing most air-dry coatings. infrared curing technology has been used by auto body repair professionals for a long time. the vast majority of infrared curing lamps are using short-wave infrared lamps to speed up the drying process of putties, fillers, primers, base coats and clear coats. why do auto body repair professionals use infrared lights? -          accelerated drying times of all painting materials -          no need to use spray booth for smaller jobs -          lower energy bills -          mobility of infrared lamps allows more efficient exploitation of body shop space infrared’s main focuses is exceptional speed, high efficiency, precision control and zero emissions. infrared heat dries one-quarter to one-tenth the time needed when air-drying finishes. it also requires little to no air-flow reducing the possibility of dust or debris contaminating the finish. the heat is more cost efficient than convection heat since it reduces cycle times, transfers heat directly to your product and doesn’t require an expensive enclosure like an oven to keep and recirculate the heat. these heat lamps generate zero emissions and will not pollute the air. so…plug in your lamp and speed up your work times! if you paint and cure full vehicles often, you should consider the benefits of a paint booth. posted in paint booths, standard tools, tools usa | tagged auto body repair professionals, base coats and clear coats, body shop heater, curing, curing lamp, curing light, fillers, infrared, infrared curing lamps, lamp, lamps, primers, putties, tools usa, zero emissions | leave a reply collision repair technology degree posted on january 6, 2014 by kat mendenhall reply did you know that you could earn an associate degree in auto body repair? with so many skilled trades falling by the wayside in our country, it is truly refreshing to know that some things will always be done by the hand of another competent human being. competent that is, if they are trained properly.  i was pleased recently when i heard that a local community college in our part of the country was expanding its program for auto body repair training.  it has recently changed from auto body to collision repair technology, associate of applied science.  now i know, that sounds kind of fancy, but it is a great program to help young people learn a skill that pays well and provides an immediate self-satisfaction opportunity.  a quick google search and i was surprised by how many colleges are offering education in this skilled field. the collision repair & refinishing technology curriculum provides training in the use of equipment and materials in the auto body repair trade. as a student, you learn structural repair, non-structural repair, mechanical & electrical repair and painting & refinishing.  at the completion of the program, you should be able to: perform structural analysis and damage repairs perform non-structural analysis and damage repairs refinish vehicles or vehicle components read repair estimates write repair estimates repair plastics and adhesives replace vehicle components these skills set you up for a successful career in a variety of areas: franchised independent garages dealerships race teams truck companies glass shops boat shops start your own business if this sounds like an opportunity you would like to take advantage of then look to your local community college for similar opportunities.  please contact us if we can help equip you with the necessary trade tools and equipment to be successful in this field. posted in uncategorized | tagged applied science, boat shops, body shop work, collision repair, collision repair & refinish technology degree, dealerships, franchised independent garages, glass shops, plastics and adhesives, race teams, refinish vehicles, structural analysis, truck companies | leave a reply go get a gojak auto jack posted on january 2, 2014 by kat mendenhall reply looking for a new way to move a vehicle that is broken down without getting a friend or relative to help you move it around? check out the gojak auto jack and dolly, which isn’t new – but is still the best! just slide the jacks around the base of the tires and pump it up using the handy foot lever. this great product is named by the manufacturer as “the faster caster system”.  just jack and go without air, oil or electricity. they are used by body shops, towing companies, dealer showrooms, mechanical shops and even parking garages! gojak’s limited warranty is for a full two years from date of purchase covering factory defects in material and workmanship. the model 5000, available through tools usa, is the workhorse of the gojak auto jack / dolly product line. the basic self-loading dolly design was developed twenty years ago and the specifications have barely changed. the 5000 series gojak is a proven and reliable product that can lift and move wheel weights up to 1,250 lbs. (up to 5,000 lbs with four units). capable of lifting tire widths up to 9 inches wide and up to 32 inches tall, the unit accommodates a very large percentage of the passenger cars and small trucks sold today. it uses a bi-directional linear ratchet for the jack portion and four 4-inch diameter heavy-duty double ball raceway casters. < check it out now on toolsusa.com > posted in auto body tools | tagged 5000 series gojak, auto dolly, auto jack and dolly, body shops, car jack, go jack, go jak, gojak, gojak auto jack, raceway casters, tools usa, towing companies, wheel weight | leave a reply rotisserie auto body lift/rotator posted on october 27, 2013 by kat mendenhall reply tools usa sells rotisserie for car and truck frames. let’s face it; we are not getting any younger and our bodies tend to ache more than usual. guys who work on cars have sore backs, well, all the time. sure, there are dollies, or carts, that will slide you in and out… but your still on your back. wouldn’t it be easier if the car’s under-body came to you? ta-da!  meet the auto rotisserie. it’s called a rotisserie because it spins the frame of the car around 360 degrees, just like a rotisserie chicken! it’s a great value for an unbeatable price. for less than $1000, it’s a must have for anyone restoring the body or frame of a truck or car.  frame restoration is made easy with this quality car rotator. once the vehicle is lifted onto the rotisserie, it can be spun around a full 360 degrees for full access. it puts the person working on the vehicle in a comfortable upright or sit-down position to have full access for sanding, welding or whatever other body work needs to be performed. it is also much safer than working underneath a car that is on sitting on some jack stands. click here for more detailed information on the rotisserie we sell. heavy-duty balancing system. securely locks at any angle. two 6,600lb. capacity jacks to adjust working height. four 16″ mounting arms. three piece telescoping center bar adjusts to 25′ six 3″ phenolic resin swivel casters. lifting capacity 3,000lbs axle steel thickness 1/8″ bracket steel thickness 1/4″ adapter arms are made out of 2 1/2″ square tubing that is 3/16″ thick height overall 77 1/8″ length overall 258 1/4″ width overall 58 7/8″ lifting height 17 3/4″ – 45 1/4″ net weight 378lbs. posted in auto body tools | tagged car frame, car restoration, frame restoration, jack stands, rotisserie, rotisserie lift, tools usa, truck frame, truck restoration | leave a reply tools usa customer service desk posted on october 1, 2013 by kat mendenhall reply from the desk of gina gilchrist: customer service rep for any successful company, their customers make them who they are. when problems arrive, the first point of contact is the customer service department. we are like fire fighters on the front line, fighting fires that range from defective equipment returns to making sure the equipment that a customer needs is correct before we send it out to them. we get happy customers calling to say thank you and we get irate customers calling because something wasn’t what they thought it was. whatever the situation, i am here to help them become a client of ours for life. that’s my job. we don’t want to lose any customers because of poor service. i understand that there are customers out there that just can’t be pleased, but we will try everything we can to solve any issue that they have. i believe in being diligent and giving a lot of tlc to our customers.  as a customer service rep at standard tools and equipment, i know that what i say and how i respond to our customers will go a long way and have a huge impact in our customers experience. there is article after article about great customer services. tips, tricks, software, pop-up windows and such … but what i believe makes great customer service goes all the way back to my  kindergarten days, “treat others as you would like to be treated”. it’s simple. we believe in our customers, and we enjoy them. i truly enjoy my interaction with them each day. please let me know how i can assist you. check out some more about our customer service policies here. posted in standard tools, tools usa | tagged customer service, eagle equipment, standard tools and equipment, tools usa | leave a reply post navigation ← older posts search email subscriptionenter your email address to subscribe to this blog and receive notifications of new posts by email.leave blank:don't change:your email: categories auto body tools car lifts collision repair frame machines paint booths paint mixing room powder coat pulling posts standard tools tools usa uncategorized waterborne recent posts calling all customers… we want your … photos what does our customer care team have in common? air compressors standard tools welcomes new director of sales cool-space fans lower your shop’s temperature in the hot summer months recent commentssasikumar on manufactured vs. homemade paint boothsstandard tools on powder coat versus wet paintlisa on powder coat versus wet paintlavern kendtick on spray booth finishair filtration on industry hazard: combustible dustarchives october 2014 september 2014 august 2014 may 2014 january 2014 october 2013 august 2013 june 2013 may 2013 april 2013 march 2013 february 2013 december 2012 october 2012 august 2012 february 2012 may 2011 april 2011 march 2011 january 2011 december 2010 november 2010 october 2010 june 2010 may 2010 march 2010 february 2010 january 2010 december 2009 november 2009 october 2009 september 2009 august 2009 july 2009 june 2009 delivering excellence to the automotive and painting industries. every product. every customer. every day. standard tools and equipment co. 4810 clover rd greensboro, nc 27405 us toll free: 800-451-2425 canada toll free: 877-452-8919 phone: 336-697-7177 fax: 336-697-1738 company home about us contact us shipping & returns privacy policy faqs site map custom designs easy assembly quick quotes our paint booth systems photo gallery payment options lease application email specials sign up to receive special offers, featured products and updates about tools usa. mastercard visa american express discover card paypal check copyright © 2014 standard tools and equipment co. all rights reserved. web design and development by miva merchant