来源URL: https://web.archive.org/web/20171011182055/https://www.toolsusa.com/SARP.html
================================================================================

tools usa: warranty, shipping and return policy account contact my cart internet specials air compressors auto body clamps and chain assemblies body shop equipment body shop tools car lifts and jacks dent removal tools frame measuring and wheel alignment systems frame straightening equipment hydraulic equipment paint booths powder coating equipment sandblasting equipment tire equipment welding equipment oil drain equipment 800-451-2425 orders my account my cart (0) shopping cart your cart is currently empty. shop about us help desk sales & specials contact us blog home/ warranty, shipping and return policy warranty, shipping and return policy payment methods we accept visa, mastercard, american express and discover. orders may also be prepaid with money order, wire transfer, cash, paypal, telecheck, and personal or company check. no order will ship until funds have cleared our bank. freight/shipping all shipments are freight on board (fob) greensboro and become the property of the customer when they leave our dock. standard tools and equipment co. uses common carriers, fedex ground, ups, and independent freight haulers for shipping. we negotiate the most competitive freight rates possible and pass these savings along to our customers. we make every effort to minimize freight charges to our customers and provide for timely delivery. most in-stock items will ship within two business days. see shipping times below for specific production items. tools usa is not liable for any damages related to unavailability of inventory or delays in shipping. tools usa ships all products fob our warehouses. title for goods passes to customer when product leaves our dock. shipping times frame machines: shipping time is within 3-5 business days from receiving the order. we do assemble the frame machines prior to shipping them via flatbed carrier. paint booths: shipping time is 5-10 business days to build and ship most booth models. air makeup units: production is 5-15 business days. remember, these units are built and tested to your specific requirements, so building doesn't begin until payment and terms are received. if an item is out-of-stock or on backorder, we will ship the item to you as soon as it is back in stock. for backorder items, give our sales team a call and they can let you know the eta on receiving it back in stock. items advertised with free shipping apply only to shipments within the continental united states (excludes alaska, hawaii, and canada and mexico). call us at 1-800-336-2776 for a specific freight quote. local pickup if you would prefer to pickup your order we would love to load it up for you from our greensboro, nc warehouse and corporate office. click here to see the things you need to know before you pickup an order from us. delivery and unloading customer is responsible for unloading shipment from truck. tools usa will assume no responsibility for any additional charges or damages that may be incurred as a result of unloading from the delivering carrier's truck. freight carriers have restrictions on delivering to residential addresses and may require pick-up at freight terminal. lifts will require a forklift to unload. lifts cannot be unloaded using a lift gate vehicle. it is advantageous in those cases to ship to a freight terminal where the terminal personnel will unload the product and load it onto the customer's trailer or truck. we cannot advise customers of exact time of delivery, as we do not ship on our own trucks. we will give our customers an estimated time of delivery and provide them with tracking information. for the most accurate delivery time, you can request a delivery appointment, which may be an additional charge from the freight company. all shipments must be inspected immediately upon receipt. for your protection, any external damage must be noted on the bill of lading at the time of delivery in order to qualify for a claim against the freight carrier. concealed damages must be reported to the freight company within three days of delivery. it is the customer's responsibility to file for damage claims against the freight company. more information on damaged shipments can be found on our blog. shortages/missing parts must be reported to tools usa customer service within three days of delivery. installation tools usa has a nationwide network of independent installers for our auto lifts. please call 1-800-336-2776 to find an installer in your area. these installers do not work for tools usa, therefore this is an arrangement that is made between the customer and the installer. warranties all products that appear on our websites or in our catalogs are warranted by tools usa or the manufacturer against defects in material and workmanship to the extent of the manufacturer's warranty. no other warranties are implied. contact our sales and customer service department for the warranty on specific models. we provide a 1-year, parts warranty only. no warranty provided on labor, loss of product use, or loss of business revenue and profits. warranty returns warranty returns for defective products or parts must be authorized in advance and a claim must be applied for by the expiration of the warranty period. customer is responsible for returning the defective product in sufficient packaging to prevent damage during return. product returned as defective that proves upon inspection not to be defective will be subject to a minimum restocking fee of 20% plus return freight. credit for warranty returns to third party vendors will be subject to their returns policy. warranty replacement replacement products or parts will be sent out at "no charge" upon receipt of the defective product from the customer. alternatively, if the customer wishes to have the warranty replacement shipped prior to the return of the defective product, then the customer must pay for the replacement product at shipping. credit/refund will be issued to customer upon receipt of defective product. customer is responsible for loading and unloading warranty replacements. returns all returns must be authorized prior to shipping. contact our customer service department (800-336-2776) for instructions and a return authorization number. customers may return any unused stock item in the original packaging within 30 days of purchase subject to a 20% restocking fee. all freight charges related to the original shipment and the return will be the responsibility of the customer. we are sorry, custom manufactured items are not returnable. no credit will be given on unauthorized returns. shipments refused by customers and returned to tools usa will be treated as unauthorized returns. credit will be subject to restocking charges and freight charges related to the return. terms of sale tools usa tries to maintain sufficient inventory on all catalog products to ensure prompt delivery. however, due to high sales volume, some products may be temporarily out of stock. tools usa will make every effort to process your order in a timely fashion. in no event shall tools usa be liable for indirect, special, incidental, or consequential damages; including but not limited to, loss of use or loss of business or profits due to temporary unavailability of inventory or delays in shipping. all product prices are subject to change without notice. tools usa is not responsible for errors in typography or photography. illustrations are for identification only and actual product may vary due to improvements or changes by the manufacturer or other unforeseen circumstances. click here to request a certificate of insurance sales and tax tools usa is not required to and does not collect state sales or use tax unless products are shipped to or picked up in north carolina. the purchase may be subject to sales or use tax in your state unless the purchase is exempt from taxation by your state. the purchase is not exempt merely because it is made over the internet, by catalog, or by other remote means. it may be required by your state that you report all purchases of tangible personal property or digital property that are not taxed by the retailer and pay sales or use tax on those purchases unless exempt under your state laws. please contact your states tax or revenue department for all questions regarding taxation of internet, catalog or other remote purchases. kentucky residents please click here for referenced forms and corresponding instructions. if you have a specific question, you can check out our faqs, our blog or send us an email. sign up to our newsletter & receive savings in your inbox sign up our story established in 1979, tools usa offers a wide variety of products for the auto body professional, collision shops and car hobbyist including auto lifts, frame machines, pulling posts, tire equipment, painting accessories, powder coating equipment, sandblasting equipment, paint booths and more. online since 1999, we have a history as a successful and trusted online retailer. our many years of experience in the collision repair industry helped us to distribute superior products and manufacturer better paint booths. categories air compressors auto body clamps and chain assemblies body shop equipment body shop supplies body shop tools car lifts and jacks dent removal tools frame measuring and wheel alignment systems hydraulic equipment painting accessories paint booths powder coatins equipment sandblasting equipment and abrasives tire equipment welding equipment blog helpful links home about faqs my account orders customer service privacy policy shipping & returns request a catalog pdf manuals copyright disclaimer contact 4810 clover rd greensboro, nc 27405 us 800-451-2425 email us connect with us copyright © 2019 standard tools and equipment co.. | ecommerce shopping cart software by miva, inc. home shop cart links links×