来源URL: https://web.archive.org/web/20201001192543/https://www.toolsusa.com/blog/
================================================================================

tools usa blog account contact my cart internet specials air compressors auto body clamps and chain assemblies body shop equipment body shop tools car lifts and jacks dent removal tools frame measuring and wheel alignment systems frame straightening equipment hydraulic equipment paint booths powder coating equipment sandblasting equipment welding equipment 800-451-2425 orders my account my cart (0) shopping cart your cart is currently empty. shop about us help desk sales & specials contact us blog how to stay cool in the heat…. coolspace coolers with temperatures rising every day, heat strokes and dehydration are a major on-the-job risk. when the human body is unable to maintain a normal temperature, heat illnesses can occur and may result in death. it is also important to consider that hot work environments may exist indoors. 31% of deaths that are from heat exhaustion are contributed to being exposed to excessive natural heat. working in conditions without air conditioning through the hot summer months can not only be uncomfortable, but dangerous. at standard tools, we have a manufacturing plant and warehouse. the staff that work in those departments, do so without air conditioning. on days like today, where it is reaching into the high 90’s … we get concerned for heat exhaustion. some signs of heat exhaustion: confusion. dark-colored urine (a sign of dehydration) dizziness. fainting. fatigue. headache. muscle or abdominal cramps. nausea, vomiting, or diarrhea. when body temperatures are rising, the best way to treat heat exhaustion is to provide a cooler environment and hydration. if you introduce fast cooling it can put the body in shock. slow cooling is one of the most effective methods. some tips to prevent heat exhaustion: plenty of water, rest and shade, every 15 minutes. make sure water fountains are properly working, also place water coolers in locations that the employees often gather like break rooms and meeting areas. gradually increase workloads and take more frequent breaks as you acclimatize, or build a tolerance for working in the heat. trained personal throughout the job site, someone who is knowledgeable of the causes and effects of heat strokes and what to do in case of emergencies. if you know your employees are going to be exposed to high heat and temperatures take protective measures. we keep fans at all workstations and have several coolspace portable evaporator coolers. they take water and as it evaporates into the fan, it blows cold air and helps to keep body temperature down. the coolspace portable cooler fans are designed to cool up to 4,000 square feet with a single-speed drive motor. we also offer a three speed cooler fan and a smaller coolspace with a 2-speed direct motor for your garage and small shops. safety is top priority during the hot summer months for you, for your employees and your family.  make sure they stay cool this summer. give us a call for your coolspace evaporator cooler. posted on july 20, 2016may 31, 2018author tools usacategories auto body toolstags cooler, coolspace, fanleave a comment on how to stay cool in the heat…. coolspace coolers body shop hazards: mixing paint body shop hazards exist in every body shop. when body shops paint vehicles, the workers have to use a paint mixing station to get specific colors. there are many different types of chemicals present in materials such as primers, sealants, catalysts, hardeners, additives, pigments, solvents, and isocyanates (highly reactive, low molecular weight chemicals). most of these substances are toxic, and exposure to them can be hazardous to health. isocyanates are the leading cause of occupational asthma in the united states. according to osha, workers in auto body shops are exposed to a variety of chemical and physical hazards. chemical hazards may include paints, fillers and solvents from spray painting operations; silica from sandblasting operations; dusts from sanding; and metal fumes from welding and cutting. continue reading body shop hazards: mixing paint posted on january 5, 2016july 9, 2018author tools usacategories auto body tools, paint mixing roomleave a comment on body shop hazards: mixing paint how-to: 5 tips on a successful product return 5 tips on a successful return we want you to love your purchase from us. but, we understand things happen and you may need to make a return. as long as it is an unused stock item, still in the original packaging, you have 30 days of purchase to return it to us. there is a 20% restocking fee & you must pay the freight. all returns must be authorized prior to shipping. contact our customer service department for instructions. custom items can not be returned. to make it as easy as possible, here are 5 tips on a successful return. step one: contact customer service it’s important we know what your returning and why. we need to issue you a return authorization (ra number) so that our receiving department will sign for it and know what it is when it appears on our docks. no credit will be given on unauthorized returns. step two: make sure your item is properly packaged up to prevent damage on the return shipment. step three: make sure your return is properly labeled. we will provide a call tag (via email, fax or mail) and assist in scheduling a pick-up for the freight company to pick up the equipment. once you receive call tag/pick up label, place on the package for return. *ups label (drop off at any local ups branch) *pick up label (wait for pick up by trucking company) step four: item is returned back to warehouse and the equipment is inspected once received. if we find that the equipment is damaged, or is not being returned for the reason the ra was issued, we will contact you. this could affect your refund. if you item is not used, damaged or otherwise unusable… then … step five: your return is processed and your credit is issued. to read our full term & conditions on returns or exchanges, click here. posted on october 5, 2015may 31, 2018author tools usacategories standard tools, tools usa, uncategorizedtags product return, return, toolsusaleave a comment on how-to: 5 tips on a successful product return rotary screw compressor or reciprocating compressor rotary screw compressor or reciprocating compressor:  which one’s right for you? by: julie surprenant, sales compressed air supplies power for many different manufacturing operations and is often preferred to electricity because it is safer and more convenient. the basic compressor converts electric, gas or diesel engine power into kinetic energy by pressurizing and compressing air. the air is then released in short bursts. in the automotive field alone, compressed air is speeding up processes and body shops are relying on it for their daily operations. auto body shops utilize compressed air for fast tire inflation and finishing services, such as painting. vehicles are given precision paint jobs in shorter amounts of time with paint spray guns. additionally, most of the hand tools found in auto body shops run on compressed air. in vehicle repair shops, air compressors are a necessity for plasma cutting and welding operations as well as drills, screwdrivers, nutrunner sockets, fasteners, and sanders. i have sold a lot of compressors recently and i am always asked why one is better than another. what’s the difference between a rotary screw compressor and a reciprocating air compressor? rotary screw compressors, like these from tools usa, tend to be compact and are the right choice for you if your application requires air all day or has multiple shifts that use air on a consistent basis. it has the ability to run all day, every day. rotary screw compressors are perfect where large volumes of high pressure air are needed. for example, large industrial applications or to operate high-power air tools such as jackhammers. applications above 30 hp and for air up to 150 psig. according plant engineering, a rotary screw compressor, if well-maintained, can provide a decade of dependable service. this type of compressor, that operates above 30 horse power, also has the ability to tell you when the oil is low and indicate oil change intervals based on operating temperatures. this will increase reliability and longevity for your compressor. the rotary screw compressor has lower costs to maintain, and cost less to purchase. a reciprocating air compressor, or piston compressor, is a low horsepower compressor for applications where reliability is vital. reciprocating compressors are best for applications that require air for shorter durations of time and have breaks between uses. the reciprocating compressors cost more, are louder to use, but more energy efficient. energy costs are reduced by as much as 20%! if you know you will be relying on your new compressor for daily use, industrial gold recommends you consider a form of backup compressor. as compressors are mechanical devices, they will need to be serviced and repaired over time. when installing a new system, look at your air needs and make sure you have a backup that will be able to handle at least 50% of your usage. this will enable you to continue working while the main compressor is being maintained or serviced. tools usa sells a wide variety of compressors, both vertical and horizontal… rotary screw and reciprocating. we proudly sell a full-line from industrial gold and have all the specs and models available on our site. give us a call with any questions. we would love to help you decide which compressor is best for you! posted on september 24, 2015february 18, 2020author tools usacategories tools usatags air compressor, reciprocating air compressor, rotary screwleave a comment on rotary screw compressor or reciprocating compressor change is coming with aluminum alloy body … we’re getting ready. the new pickups from ford feature a high-strength, aluminum alloy body and bed can reduce the weight of that vehicle up to 700 lbs.! it has also increased mileage and towing-hauling capacity. body shops will need to prepare for new challenges that aluminum body repair work will entail. at the top of the preparation list is the proper handling of messy and potentially explosive airborne dust caused by grinding or sanding of the aluminum panels. the aluminum body revolution is a body shop industry game changer, and thoughts are, its impact will only increase in the years ahead. general motors has already given notice that its new chevrolet silverado and gmc sierra pickups will feature weight-saving aluminum bodies by the fall of 2018. by 2025, “seven out of 10 new pickup trucks produced in north america will be aluminum-bodied” and “every leading automaker will have several aluminum body and closure panel programs,” according to a 2015 north american light vehicle aluminum content study by ducker worldwide, a premier consulting and research firm. to meet the coming demand, body shops will need to adapt to the challenges of working with aluminum with dedicated tools, equipment, and proper training. failing to do so may mean missing out on one of the fastest growing markets in the next decade. ford, for its part, is at the forefront of setting the guidelines and requirements for working with aluminum bodied vehicles for both ford dealership and independent body shops. stay tuned as we at standard tools and equipment address the full range of aluminum issues: from isolating aluminum vehicles from traditional steel repairs with a separate room or curtain system to dealing with aluminum dust to dedicated aluminum welding, and dent removal systems. we’re preparing now because we want to be ready for the opportunity to help equip our customers with safe, quality, cost effective solutions in this arena. tools usa has booth products available for aluminum prep work and painting. give us a call. posted on march 26, 2015february 18, 2020author tools usacategories uncategorizedtags 2016 ford pickup, aluminum alloy body, aluminum body work, aluminum trucks, body prep, booth, ducker worldwide, gmc, sierra, silverado, spray booth, toolsusaleave a comment on change is coming with aluminum alloy body … we’re getting ready. protect your investment: paint booth protective film paint booth protective film a customer sent us a photo of their booth, which looked like one they ordered recently.   the walls were a beautiful white and the filters had been recently changed. the floor in the booth was also a beautiful grey with little residue of paint or over-spray. i was shocked to hear that this booth was 10 years old, used every day….. and still looked this great! i had to know what the booth owner was doing to keep his booth so nice. his answer was paint booth protective film, ordered from toolsusa. when protective films are used on the walls, floors and lighting glass in your booth, they protect the surface, while being able to easily be replaced. you can easily get more out of your paint booth, while reducing the booth maintenance and improving the booth brightness. toolsusa is an exclusive distributor of rbl products, who manufacture protective film for the spray booth’s walls, floors and light boxes. it eliminates the time-consuming task of cleaning of your paint booth floors, walls and glass. just use the film, and replace every 60-90 days to keep your paint booth looking brand new. the floor film is a clear heavy-duty protective film to keep floors clean. it is easy to apply and comes on a reverse wound roll with the adhesive to the outside that enables easy layout of the film to the floor. dry, non-skid surface film resists temperatures up to 200⁰ f which is great for booths with an air make-up unit. eliminates cleaning the floors with chemicals resists tears, punctures and disintegration replace every 60-90 days the wall film comes in a clear, non-yellowing film and applies directly over booth walls and doors. durable puncture resistant plastic film with uv inhibitor. self-adhering film leaves no adhesive transfer. easy to apply. easy to cut film with snippet knife or razor blade. remove when desired and apply new film. film resists heat up to 200°f (93.3°c). preserves booth lighting without distortion or deflection the self-adhering light box glass film covers light box glass. the adhesive is designed for glass only, not recommended for booth walls. eliminates the labored cleaning method of glass cleaner, razor blades and rags. temperature resistance up to 200°f (93.3°c). fast, accurate and economical! preserves booth lighting without distortion or deflection at end point, tear at perforation or if between perforations, cut with razor blade or snippet knife whether you are awaiting your new paint booth to arrive, or have an older booth you want to protect, check out the adhesive films from toolsusa. posted on march 23, 2015march 9, 2016author tools usacategories paint boothstags adhesive film, light box glass film, paint booth, paint booth film, protective film, protective films, rbl products, spray booth, spray booth film, spray booth floor film, spray booth wall film1 comment on protect your investment: paint booth protective film calling all customers… we want your … photos i have heard the phrase imitation is the sincerest form of flattery many times throughout my life thus far. today, i spoke with a new customer, who had reached out to us for pricing on a new spray booth for his growing business. he mentioned in our conversation that he had a buddy down the road who bought one from us years ago and was thrilled with it. based on this word-of-mouth testimony from one buddy to another, this guy did not even bother to look anywhere else … he just picked up the phone and called us. word-of-mouth is a pretty sincere form of flattery too…. and we want more of it. read on to see how you can help. testimonials are the best form of advertising to us at standard tools. what better way to decide on what product to buy than to read how much others love it? now, i understand that price plays a big role in a person’s decision when it comes to buying equipment…  but if your buddy has one and he is thrilled with it… is price alone really the deciding factor? something to think about anyway. if imitation is the sincerest form of flattery and testimonials are the best form of promotion, then a product photo of the equipment in use in a shop are the best way for us to show off our products. who doesn’t love to see some equipment being used? (most of the time, the photos also have some pretty cool cars to show off as well). if you have a piece of our equipment in your shop and you want to share a photo with us, along with a brief testimonial, we would love for you to send it our way so we can share on our social media sites! if your photo is used, we will send you a great big thank you and a little surprise for giving us your time, testimonial and photo. so, if you have a paint booth, automotive lift, frame machine or tire equipment … send it to us. here are the details to include in your email to katm@standardtool.com subject line: customer testimonial your name and business name your city and state product you have? what do you use it for? why do you like it? would you recommend it? why or why not? please make sure that any junk or trash is removed prior to taking the photo, it helps make a better photo.  that’s it! posted on october 9, 2014february 18, 2020author tools usacategories uncategorizedtags photo, product, tools usaleave a comment on calling all customers… we want your … photos what does our customer care team have in common? at tools usa we have an awesome customer care team (cc team). on hand to help you with your purchase, before, during and after the sale. they are there to answer your questions, find solutions for your shop and make sure you know what you need to know to make a smart and informed choice.  we know that you can buy from several places: ebay stores, amazon or craig’s list. we offer a higher level of service and a happier customer. what all of our customer service members have in common: patience- what an important tool when a customer may be confused or frustrated. the extra time that is taken to help the customer figure out what they want or need makes the difference in whether or not that customer will order from us again. from our cc team member gina, “i always focus on the person, not the issue, to make them feel important and that they have my undivided attention for whatever they may need.” knowledge- knowledge is important. each member of our team know the in’s and out’s of how our products work in the same manner that our customer uses our products every day. with many of our members working here for over 10 years, our cc team has decades of combined experience in our products, the customers we serve and the industry we love. from our cc team, “we have the most knowledgeable staff in the industry. i feel like our customers have such an advantage in the market because they have a team behind them to help them select the right equipment to succeed.”  let us share our experiences with you and help you find the perfect product for you needs. solution-oriented- a unique personality trait of everyone on our cc team is their ability to stay focused on solutions. weather it’s an issue that needs a solution, or a shop who doesn’t have the room for a paint booth, or the auto repair shop that needs a lift. we keep our focus on our customer’s satisfaction and try everything in our power to find solutions and answers for them. we want our customers to feel that we are right beside them, to help and guide them through quality products, knowledgeable sales team and the desire to grow both our business and theirs. our mission statement: delivering excellence to the automotive and painting industries. every product. every customer. every day. our customer care team members are the backbone of our company. give gina, jennifer, rosie, kelly, mark, zach, andy, heather or ryan a call at 800-451-2425! we love them all and know you will too! posted on september 11, 2014march 9, 2016author tools usacategories standard tools, tools usa, uncategorizedtags customer care, customer service, standard tools, tools usaleave a comment on what does our customer care team have in common? air compressors compressed air may not sound very important to most people but it is life’s blood of a collision repair facility due to the fact that most of the tools that are used to repair, paint and finish a vehicle are powered by compressed air. many shops have more technicians than their compressor can supply which causes delays and lost productivity.  higher end shops are leaning toward the rotary screw compressors due to the higher duty cycles. when deciding on a new compressor for your shop you can use a simple formula to calculate the required cfm (cubic feet per minute).  collision repair facilities will need 8 cfm per technician and automotive repair facilities will require 5 cfm per tech.  some shops may require more or less air so this should be considered as a guideline. it is also a good idea to run more than one compressor so that your shop could operate on a limited capacity  rather come to a full stop if you happen encounter compressor problems. need an air compressor? check out toolsusa’s full line of compressors here. posted on august 15, 2014january 24, 2019author tools usacategories uncategorizedtags air compressor, auto shop, auto tech, body shop tools, rotary screw compressors, shop toolsleave a comment on air compressors cool-space fans lower your shop’s temperature in the hot summer months the cool-space fans are a very cost effective, easy-to-use and environmentally friendly solution for cooling areas that need short term or temporary cooling or where flexibility is required. they are portable, so it is easy to cool and move! there are three principle sizes of product that can cool areas from 500 square feet up to 4000 square feet! all you need is a water supply and a single-phase electricity outlet. how would you like to be 28 degrees cooler this summer? one of the largest dangers in the hot summer months is being over-heated. that is an issue that we ourselves are careful to guard against in our own plant. our guys are out there in 90-degree heat, building paint booths and shipping product.  our paint booth department actually works the early shift, starting at 6am so they can leave before the really hot part of the afternoon. it is very important to follow some safety guidelines (like staying well hydrated), as well as keep our plant as cool as possible. one of the ways we keep our space cool is by using cool-space evaporating cooling fans. the cool-space range of portable evaporate coolers provides a very cost effective, easy-to-use and environmentally friendly solution for cooling areas that need short term or temporary cooling or where flexibility is required. they are portable, so it is easy to cool and move! there are three principle sizes of product that can cool areas from 500 square feet up to 4000 square feet! all you need is a water supply and a single-phase electricity outlet. read more and find the right cooler for you in their buyer’s guide. but, how does cool-space fans work? the 8” thick cooling medium in the heart of the evaporate cooler lowers the ambient temperature by up to 28°f (depending on the relative humidity). the fan pulls in the hot air; it passes through the 8” medium pad, soaked with water and provides the cooling effect. the cooler air is then re-added to the environment and immediately provides a cooler atmosphere. they work in situations where conventional air conditioning won’t work or would be too expensive to operate. some examples are automotive shops, industrial warehouses, airplane hangers, dry cleaners, outdoor tents, lawn and garden shops and horse stables. we not only use cool-space in our warehouse, we also offer cool-space as a product to our customers! you can see some product videos on their youtube page. stay cool, heather baumann sales & customer service posted on may 30, 2014march 1, 2019author tools usacategories standard tools, tools usatags automotive shop fans, cool-space, cool-space evaporating cooling fans, evaporate coolers fan, over-heated, portable evaporate coolers, shop equipment, shop fans, standard tools, tools usa, water fansleave a comment on cool-space fans lower your shop’s temperature in the hot summer months posts navigation page 1 page 2 … page 9 next page search blog search for: email subscriptionleave this blank:leave this blank too:do not change this:your email: categoriescategories select category auto body tools car lifts collision repair frame machines paint booths paint mixing room powder coat pulling posts standard tools tools usa uncategorized waterborne archives archives select month july 2016 january 2016 october 2015 september 2015 march 2015 october 2014 september 2014 august 2014 may 2014 january 2014 october 2013 august 2013 june 2013 may 2013 april 2013 february 2013 december 2012 october 2012 august 2012 february 2012 may 2011 april 2011 march 2011 january 2011 december 2010 november 2010 october 2010 june 2010 may 2010 march 2010 january 2010 december 2009 november 2009 october 2009 september 2009 august 2009 july 2009 june 2009 shop by category internet specials american flags air compressors auto body clamps and chain assemblies body shop equipment body shop supplies body shop tools car jacks dent removal tools frame measuring and wheel alignment systems frame straightening equipment hydraulic equipment painting accessories paint booths powder coating equipment sandblasting equipment and abrasives welding equipment technical documentation customer feedback form sign up to our newsletter & receive savings in your inbox sign up our story established in 1979, tools usa offers a wide variety of products for the auto body professional, collision shops and car hobbyist including garage equipment, pulling posts, painting accessories, powder coating equipment, sandblasting equipment, paint booths and more. online since 1999, we have a history as a successful and trusted online retailer. our many years of experience in the collision repair industry helped us to distribute superior products and manufacturer better paint booths. categories air compressors auto body clamps and chain assemblies body shop equipment body shop supplies body shop tools car lifts and jacks dent removal tools frame measuring and wheel alignment systems hydraulic equipment painting accessories paint booths powder coatins equipment sandblasting equipment and abrasives welding equipment blog helpful links home about faqs my account orders customer service privacy policy shipping & returns request a catalog pdf manuals copyright disclaimer contact tools usa 4810 clover rd greensboro, nc 27405 us 800-451-2425 email us connect with us copyright © 2020 standard tools and equipment co.. | ecommerce shopping cart software by miva, inc. home shop cart links links×