来源URL: https://web.archive.org/web/20221207124742/https://www.toolsusa.com/FAQS.html
================================================================================

tools usa: faqs account contact my cart internet specials air compressors auto body clamps and chain assemblies body shop equipment body shop tools car lifts and jacks dent removal tools frame measuring and wheel alignment systems frame straightening equipment hydraulic equipment paint booths powder coating equipment sandblasting equipment welding equipment 800-451-2425 orders my account my cart (0) shopping cart your cart is currently empty. shop about us help desk sales & specials contact us blog home/ faqs faqs most valuable tools usa links to the blog  like tools usa on facebook give us your feedback contact us q: who is tools usa? a: tools usa is operated by standard tools and equipment co. established in 1979 to service the auto body and collision repair industry, standard tools and equipment co. goes to market as standard tools and equipment, and tools usa to sell hundreds of products through their respective web sites. we have provided unsurpassed service and value-priced quality products for over 30 years. tools usa started selling direct to body shops and in the early '80s and developed the very first national catalog for the body shop professional. one of the first online sellers for the auto body industry, tools usa opened their e-commerce site in 1999. recognized by google inc. (1,000,000 leads generated), and internet retailer (america's top 500 largest retail web sites), we have a history as a successful online retailer. read more about tools usa. q: how can i sign up to get your email specials? a: fill out this form and submit! you’ll be added to our email specials and get the best deals from tools usa first! q: where can i find tools usa warranty, shipping and return information? a: click here to read our warranty information, along with our shipping and delivery information. q: do you offer financing? a: tools usa has relationships with a number of independent leasing companies, including "lease to own" sources, that will provide lease financing for many of our products. we will direct you to one of our leasing sources. as an initial step, please fill out a preliminary credit application. leasing programs for our products are for u.s. based customers. please call our credit department at 336-697-7177 for further information. q: do you have a location i can come to? a: our corporate office and 70,000 sq. ft. plant is located in greensboro, north carolina. we manufacture paint booths and warehouse the tools that we distribute, so safety of our guests is a number one concern when showing them our premises. we welcome visitors to our offices during normal business hours. monday thru friday 8:00 am to 5:00 pm eastern standard time. to ensure that there will be someone to help you, please give us a call. q: what do i need to know about ordering a paint booth from tools usa? a: please click here to read all of our paint booth faqs. further questions? visit our help desk or give us a call. paint booth faqs paint booth quotes q: how can i get a quote on a booth from tools usa? a: standard booth pricing is available on our web site. to receive a quick quote, simply call us or email sales@standardtool.com. q: what are the differences between the types of paint booths? a: the differences are primarily in the airflow as well as the size of the paint booth. we offer quality paint booths for all industrial coating and spray application including: auto body shop paint booths, motorcycle paint booths, truck paint booths, industrial paint booths, and furniture or woodworking spray booths. read all the different types of paint booths. manufacturing & customization q: who manufactures your paint booths? a: we do! standard tools and equipment co. has been manufacturing paint booths at our plant in greensboro, north carolina since 1997. our expert team builds thousands of high quality paint booths each year. q: what if i need some modifications to a standard spray paint booth? a: since we manufacture our booths, our team of engineers can modify the design to fit your requirements. over 50% of the booths we sell have some level of customization. with our manufacturing experience and volume, we are able to offer customization at reasonable pricing. q: how can you customize my paint booth? a: we can add extra height & length, extra lighting, inside access lights, white powder coat, bi-fold or tri-fold spray booth doors, drive-thru doors, rear exhaust, air make-up unit, and hepa filters. q: how long does it take for delivery of my paint booth after i place my order? a: stock paint booths ship the next day and custom paint booths in 3-5 business days or less. your booth will be delivered in 10 business days or less, in most cases. order, options and requirements q: do you sell etl-listed paint booths? a: yes, many of our standard paint booths are available as etl approved and listed, and are noted on our web site. q: do your paint booths meet "code"? a: our paint booths are manufactured and designed for code approval. our models are manufactured from materials that comply with the national board of fire underwriters, as recommended by the 2011 national fire protection association (nfpa33) requirements. additional requirements may include automatically actuated 'flags' that initiate the fire suppression system in case of fire, having an audible alarm system and performing emergency shutdowns. it may also include buying the booth from a certified manufacturer, having the booth inspected and installation by licensed contractor. our booths are also built to comply with osha guidelines. we recommend checking with your local authorities (fire marshal) as to any local electrical or fire code requirements. our electrical components are ul-listed. click here for more information on paint booth codes, regulations & fire protection standards. q: do i need a fire suppression system? a: the requirements vary by location; we recommend checking with your local authorities. these optional systems may be included in your financing or leasing, if needed. q: how much airflow does my paint booth require? a: osha and nfpa have minimum airflow requirements in order to lower the concentration of flammable materials. more current codes require four air exchanges per minute for wet or solvent-based paints. our paint booths meet these requirements. when purchasing your paint booth, be sure the size of the booth will allow for adequate airflow. for more information visit our paint booth blog post "how much airflow does my paint booth require?" q: what is not included in your paint booths? a: fluorescent light bulbs are not included because they are prone to breakage in shipping. exhaust ductwork is only available as an add-on component. etl listed electric control panels are also offered as an optional add-on. q: what is paint booth ground-level ozone? a: ground-level ozone refers to the environmental impact caused by the paint booth process. each state's requirements vary. you can review your state by searching online for "spray booth + ozone + (your state)". ozone emissions are reduced by: selecting paints/solvents with a low volatile organic compound mixing as little paint as required for the job keeping the paint storage clean changing paint booth exhaust filters eliminating used rags & paint cans ensuring proper maintenance of your paint booth adequately training employees. shipping, warranty and returns faq’s q: how will we unload the shipping crate containing the paint booth? a: we utilize commercial freight carriers to ship your paint booth. you will need a rollback truck or a forklift with a dock for unloading. you have 30 days to open the crate and inspect for damages and report to our customer service department. q: what is covered by warranty? warranty replacement replacement products or parts will be sent out at “no charge” upon receipt of the defective product from the customer. alternatively, if the customer wishes to have the warranty replacement shipped prior to the return of the defective product, then the customer must pay for the replacement product at shipping. credit/refund will be issued to customer upon receipt of defective product. customer is responsible for loading and unloading warranty replacements. warranties returns and replacements standard tools and equipment (ste, tools usa) warrants all products that appear on its websites or in its catalogs against defects in material and workmanship as follows. products manufactured by ste subject to the warranty exclusions below, ste provides a limited warranty for all products sold by ste that were manufactured by ste against defects in material and workmanship.for this warranty to apply, any defect in an item manufactured by ste must be reported to ste within one (1) year of the shipping date. furthermore, this warranty is void unless it can be determined that the booth, air makeup unit, part, or other product manufactured by ste was installed and used according to ste’s guidelines. this warranty is also void if any modifications have been made to ste’s product, including, without limitation, any modifications to air flow, or if any use has been made of ste’s product other than those uses advised by ste. this warranty does not cover errors or other claims in connection with installation. installation of products manufactured by ste is performed by third-party installers and any claims or issues related to installation must be addressed with the installer. this warranty is for parts and pieces only and does not extend to labor, installation, loss of product use, loss of business revenue and profits, or any other cost or loss. products manufactured by third parties subject to the warranty exclusions below, ste warrants all products sold by ste that were manufactured by other manufacturers against defects in material and workmanship to the extent of the manufacturer’s warranty. this warranty does not cover errors or other claims in connection with installation. installation of products sold by ste that were manufactured by other manufacturers is performed by third-party installers and any claims or issues related to installation must be addressed with the installer. this warranty is for parts and pieces only and does not extend to labor, installation, loss of product use, loss of business revenue and profits, or any other cost or loss. warranty exclusions for all products these warranty obligations do not include: (i) reasonable wear and tear; (ii) normal corrosion; (iii) use of unapproved parts or unproved alterations to components; (iv) defects caused by persons other than the manufacturer of the product, including, without limitation, installers or anyone else in connection with third-party repairs and maintenance; or (v) vandalism, misuse or force majeure events. the customer shall provide ste photos, videos, and other proof of warranty claim and afford ste reasonable access to assess the product should it be requested. no implied warranties the above express warranties are in lieu of any other warranties, express or implied, including the warranty of merchantability and of fitness for any particular purpose. ste shall not be liable for damages, including special, incidental, or consequential damages, arising out of or in connection with the performance or use of any product by the customer. ste’s liability is limited exclusively to the replacement of the defective part. in the event that you suspect you have a defective part or product, please contact our customer care department immediately by calling 336-697-7177 or by emailing webmaster@standardtool.com.  please include photos and video of the defective equipment for your claim. if we believe that you have received a defective part, ste will provide you with a return authorization (“ra”) number and schedule a time to have your equipment picked up. it is the customer’s responsibility to package the equipment for return shipment in sufficient packaging to prevent damage during return. please note the ste ra number on the packaging. upon receiving and inspecting the defective part and confirming warranty coverage, ste will provide a replacement part, free of charge, to the customer. if the customer wishes to have the warranty replacement shipped to them prior to the return of the defective product, the customer must pay for the replacement product at shipping. ste will issue the customer a refund upon receiving the defective product and confirming warranty coverage. in the event the part is determined to not be defective, it will be subject to a minimum restocking fee of 20% and the return freight. credit for warranty returns to third-party vendors will be subject to their return policy. contact our customer care department for specific warranty details on products and models. installation of the paint booth q: explain paint booth exhaust/duct work requirements. a: an optional exhaust/ductwork system is recommended to exhaust fumes outside your building. this is optional with the purchase of our paint booth. our exhaust/duct work packages provide straight ducting (no elbows), roof mounting and a weather head. q: can your paint booth be used outside? a: no. our paint booths are manufactured for an enclosed area away from the weather. q: how will i assemble and install my paint booth? a: each paint booth comes with assembly instructions and labeled panels for easy assembly and installation. self-installation typically takes two days. you will need a licensed electrician to wire and connect your power source. click here to watch a quick video on how our paint booths are assembled. sign up to our newsletter & receive savings in your inbox sign up our story established in 1979, tools usa® offers a wide variety of products for the auto body professional, collision shops and car hobbyist including garage equipment, pulling posts, painting accessories, powder coating equipment, sandblasting equipment, paint booths and more. online since 1999, we have a history as a successful and trusted online retailer. our many years of experience in the collision repair industry helped us to distribute superior products and manufacturer better paint booths. categories air compressors auto body clamps and chain assemblies body shop equipment body shop supplies body shop tools car lifts and jacks dent removal tools frame measuring and wheel alignment systems hydraulic equipment painting accessories paint booths powder coating equipment sandblasting equipment and abrasives welding equipment blog helpful links home about faqs my account orders customer service privacy policy shipping & returns pdf manuals copyright disclaimer contact tools usa® 4810 clover rd greensboro, nc 27405 us 800-451-2425 email us connect with us copyright © 2023 standard tools and equipment co.. | ecommerce shopping cart software by miva, inc. home shop cart links links×