来源URL: https://web.archive.org/web/20250420012755/https://www.toolsusa.com/SARP.html
================================================================================

tools usa: warranty, shipping and return policy account contact my cart internet specials air compressors auto body clamps and chain assemblies body shop equipment body shop tools car lifts and jacks dent removal tools frame measuring and wheel alignment systems frame straightening equipment hydraulic equipment paint booths powder coating equipment sandblasting equipment welding equipment 800-451-2425 orders my account my cart (0) shopping cart your cart is currently empty. shop about us help desk sales & specials contact us blog home/ warranty, shipping and return policy warranty, shipping and return policy payment methods we accept visa, mastercard, american express and discover. orders may also be prepaid with money order, wire transfer, cash, paypal, telecheck, and personal or company check. no order will ship until funds have cleared our bank. freight/shipping all shipments are freight on board (fob) greensboro and become the property of the customer when they leave our dock. standard tools and equipment co. uses common carriers, fedex ground, ups, and independent freight haulers for shipping. we negotiate the most competitive freight rates possible and pass these savings along to our customers. we make every effort to minimize freight charges to our customers and provide for timely delivery. we quote shipping rates at the time of quoting an order as an estimated number. however, freight charges fluctuate depending on circumstances at the time of booking. the shipping charges on a quote cannot be guaranteed for an extended period of time. if freight changes from the time of the quote to the time of shipment, you will be contacted and a separate invoice will be sent for the additional shipping charges. this is more common when shipping by flatbed. of course, customers are always welcome to provide their own truck pickup, but need to contact us prior to ensure the correct size truck is ordered for pickup. please let us know of any questions at 800-451-2425. most in-stock items will ship within two business days. see shipping times below for specific production items. tools usa is not liable for any damages related to unavailability of inventory or delays in shipping. tools usa ships all products fob our warehouses. title for goods passes to customer when product leaves our dock. shipping times paint booths: shipping time is 5-10 business days to build and ship most booth models. air makeup units: production is 5-15 business days. remember, these units are built and tested to your specific requirements, so building doesn't begin until payment and terms are received. if an item is out-of-stock or on backorder, we will ship the item to you as soon as it is back in stock. for backorder items, give our sales team a call and they can let you know the eta on receiving it back in stock. items advertised with free shipping apply only to shipments within the continental united states (excludes alaska, hawaii, and canada and mexico). call us at 800-451-2425 for a specific freight quote. delivery and unloading delivery standard tools and equipment (ste, tools usa) needs to know if the delivery address is residential or a limited access location prior to shipping. freight carriers have restrictions on delivering to residential addresses and may require pick-up at freight terminal. storage fees ste can schedule production of your order for a later date to meet the customer's wishes, but the scheduled needed date must be notated on the signed docs at the time of order. the customer is to accept delivery of the order upon completion. if the order is complete and cannot ship, storage fees of $125 per day will start on day 5 of storage. if the customer doesn't notify ste of a specific need-by date or if there is a special delivery request, ste will ship the order out when 1. payment is received and 2. upon completion of the order. unloading the customer is responsible for unloading the shipment from the carrier’s truck. this may require a forklift and/or lift gate service. the ste customer care team can advise you prior to shipping what will be needed to unload your shipment and the approximate weight of the shipment. the customer is responsible for offloading their equipment and will need to have the proper equipment at the time of delivery. paint booths are shipped in wooden crates that are large and heavy. they cannot be delivered via liftgate and can only be offloaded from the delivery truck with a forklift that has long forks or long fork extensions. short forklift forks will not fully lift the crate, leaving it to drag or drop, causing damage to the booth. if the order is unable to be delivered, there will be additional fees incurred from the freight line. if the customer is unable to have the proper equipment available at delivery, they can have the booth delivered to the terminal for pickup in an approved trailer by the customer. this is beneficial if the customer wants to open the crate on the trailer and offload it in pieces. tracking while ste will provide customers with an estimated time of delivery and tracking information, we can’t provide a specific time, or schedule a time for that service. the customer can contact the freight carrier directly to schedule a delivery or check on freight delivery status. damages any charges or damages that may be incurred as a result of unloading from the carrier’s truck is the customer’s responsibility. depending on your situation, it may be advantageous to have your products shipped to a freight terminal where the freight company’s personnel can load it onto your trailer or truck. all shipments must be inspected immediately upon receipt. for your protection, any external damage must be noted on the bill of lading at the time of delivery in order to qualify for a claim against the freight carrier. concealed damages must be reported to the freight company within three days of delivery. it is the customer’s responsibility to file for damage claims against the freight company. shortages/missing parts from paint booth orders must be reported to tools usa customer service within 30 days of delivery. customer pickup order requirements customers may pickup orders from the ste warehouse, located in greensboro, nc. it’s important to call ste before you plan to arrive to pickup your order so that we can ensure your order is in stock and ready for you to pickup. we can only offer pickup at our warehouse monday-friday from 8:30am – 4:00pm. customers must bring an appropriate trailer with straps for securing when picking up equipment. ste equipment cannot be loaded onto a car, truck, or suv. the equipment must fit securely and be on a trailer or proper weight limitations. we can advise you of the proper pickup trailer and vehicle prior to you arriving. ste reserves the right to refuse to load equipment onto inappropriate trailers. ste is not liable for any damage incurred to the customer’s vehicle or equipment once the equipment has been secured to the customer’s trailer. installation tools usa has a nationwide network of independent installers. please call 800-451-2425 to find an installer in your area. these installers do not work for tools usa, therefore this is an arrangement that is made between the customer and the installer. warranties returns and replacements standard tools and equipment (ste, tools usa) warrants all products that appear on its websites or in its catalogs against defects in material and workmanship as follows. products manufactured by ste subject to the warranty exclusions below, ste provides a limited warranty for all products sold by ste that were manufactured by ste against defects in material and workmanship.for this warranty to apply, any defect in an item manufactured by ste must be reported to ste within one (1) year of the shipping date. furthermore, this warranty is void unless it can be determined that the booth, air makeup unit, part, or other product manufactured by ste was installed and used according to ste’s guidelines. this warranty is also void if any modifications have been made to ste’s product, including, without limitation, any modifications to air flow, or if any use has been made of ste’s product other than those uses advised by ste. this warranty does not cover errors or other claims in connection with installation. installation of products manufactured by ste is performed by third-party installers and any claims or issues related to installation must be addressed with the installer. this warranty is for parts and pieces only and does not extend to labor, installation, loss of product use, loss of business revenue and profits, or any other cost or loss. products manufactured by third parties subject to the warranty exclusions below, ste warrants all products sold by ste that were manufactured by other manufacturers against defects in material and workmanship to the extent of the manufacturer’s warranty. this warranty does not cover errors or other claims in connection with installation. installation of products sold by ste that were manufactured by other manufacturers is performed by third-party installers and any claims or issues related to installation must be addressed with the installer. this warranty is for parts and pieces only and does not extend to labor, installation, loss of product use, loss of business revenue and profits, or any other cost or loss. warranty exclusions for all products these warranty obligations do not include: (i) reasonable wear and tear; (ii) normal corrosion; (iii) use of unapproved parts or unproved alterations to components; (iv) defects caused by persons other than the manufacturer of the product, including, without limitation, installers or anyone else in connection with third-party repairs and maintenance; or (v) vandalism, misuse or force majeure events. the customer shall provide ste photos, videos, and other proof of warranty claim and afford ste reasonable access to assess the product should it be requested. no implied warranties the above express warranties are in lieu of any other warranties, express or implied, including the warranty of merchantability and of fitness for any particular purpose. ste shall not be liable for damages, including special, incidental, or consequential damages, arising out of or in connection with the performance or use of any product by the customer. ste’s liability is limited exclusively to the replacement of the defective part. in the event that you suspect you have a defective part or product, please contact our customer care department immediately by calling 800-451-2425 or by emailing webmaster@standardtool.com.  please include photos and video of the defective equipment for your claim. if we believe that you have received a defective part, ste will provide you with a return authorization (“ra”) number and schedule a time to have your equipment picked up. it is the customer’s responsibility to package the equipment for return shipment in sufficient packaging to prevent damage during return. please note the ste ra number on the packaging. upon receiving and inspecting the defective part and confirming warranty coverage, ste will provide a replacement part, free of charge, to the customer. if the customer wishes to have the warranty replacement shipped to them prior to the return of the defective product, the customer must pay for the replacement product at shipping. ste will issue the customer a refund upon receiving the defective product and confirming warranty coverage. in the event the part is determined to not be defective, it will be subject to a minimum restocking fee of 20% and the return freight. credit for warranty returns to third-party vendors will be subject to their return policy. contact our customer care department for specific warranty details on products and models. returns all returns must be authorized prior to shipping. contact our customer service department (800-451-2425) for instructions and a return authorization number. customers may return any unused stock item in the original packaging within 30 days of purchase subject to a 20% restocking fee. all freight charges related to the original shipment and the return will be the responsibility of the customer. we are sorry, custom manufactured items are not returnable. no credit will be given on unauthorized returns. shipments refused by customers and returned to tools usa will be treated as unauthorized returns. credit will be subject to restocking charges and freight charges related to the return. terms of sale tools usa tries to maintain sufficient inventory on all catalog products to ensure prompt delivery. however, due to high sales volume, some products may be temporarily out of stock. tools usa will make every effort to process your order in a timely fashion. in no event shall tools usa be liable for indirect, special, incidental, or consequential damages; including but not limited to, loss of use or loss of business or profits due to temporary unavailability of inventory or delays in shipping. all product prices are subject to change without notice. tools usa is not responsible for errors in typography or photography. illustrations are for identification only and actual product may vary due to improvements or changes by the manufacturer or other unforeseen circumstances. whilst we make every effort to provide you the most accurate, up-to-date information, occasionally, one or more items on our web site may be mispriced. in the event a product is listed at an incorrect price due to typographical, photographic, or technical error or error in pricing information received from our suppliers, tools usa shall have the right to refuse or cancel any orders placed for product listed at the incorrect price. if an item's correct price is lower than our stated price, we will charge the lower amount and ship you the item. if an item's correct price is higher than our stated price, we will cancel your order and notify you of the price error and order cancellation. you will, of course, have an opportunity to purchase the item at the correct price, if you so wish. click here to request a certificate of insurance sales and tax the purchase may be subject to sales or use tax in your state unless the purchase is exempt from taxation by your state. the purchase is not exempt merely because it is made over the internet, by catalog, or by other remote means. it may be required by your state that you report all purchases of tangible personal property or digital property that are not taxed by the retailer and pay sales or use tax on those purchases unless exempt under your state laws. please contact your states tax or revenue department for all questions regarding taxation of internet, catalog or other remote purchases. kentucky residents please click here for referenced forms and corresponding instructions. if you have a specific question, you can check out our faqs, our blog or send us an email. sign up to our newsletter & receive savings in your inbox sign up our story established in 1979, tools usa® offers a wide variety of products for the auto body professional, collision shops and car hobbyist including garage equipment, pulling posts, painting accessories, powder coating equipment, sandblasting equipment, paint booths and more. online since 1999, we have a history as a successful and trusted online retailer. our many years of experience in the collision repair industry helped us to distribute superior products and manufacturer better paint booths. categories air compressors auto body clamps and chain assemblies body shop equipment body shop supplies body shop tools car lifts and jacks dent removal tools frame measuring and wheel alignment systems hydraulic equipment painting accessories paint booths powder coating equipment sandblasting equipment and abrasives welding equipment blog helpful links home about faqs my account orders customer service privacy policy shipping & returns pdf manuals copyright disclaimer contact tools usa® 4810 clover rd greensboro, nc 27405 us 800-451-2425 email us connect with us copyright © 2025 standard tools and equipment co.. | ecommerce shopping cart software by miva, inc. home shop cart links links×