来源URL: https://web.archive.org/web/20111007185325/http://www.backcountry.com/store/newsletter_home.html
================================================================================

home of the backcountry.com newsletter: outdoor gear articles, gear guides, trip reports | backcountrybeacon.com backcountry beacon gear articles for gearheads about outdoor gear guides newsletters current issue destiny manifested part ii: gear for peak bagging by: andy chapman | september 19th, 2011 | posted in gear guide, outdoor articles | tags: peak bagging no comments » andy wellman and diane chapman going up wilson peak the conditions encountered on your average summer or autumn peak-bagging outing can vary considerably: one minute you are blasted by the sun, the next minute it’s hailing or even snowing. relatively long walks or exposed scrambles mean that you want to bring just enough to deal with precipitation and temperature swings but not so much that you are busting a gut carrying it all. this post is focused on what you need and (implicitly) what you want to leave behind. read more » destiny manifested: peak-bagging colorado’s 14ers by: andy chapman | september 7th, 2011 | posted in outdoor articles, trips | tags: fourteeners, mountain climbing, peak bagging 1 comment » longs peak and the diamond sometimes the universe seems to conspire against you. my best efforts to have meaningful (or any) progress climbing this spring and summer have been consistently shat upon by the cosmos. after six months of setbacks, i was hardly surprised when my wife/climbing partner hurt her wrist a week before our planned road trip. accepting that my climbing agenda had been set adrift on the cosmic tides, i simply threw my hands up and decided that i was along for the ride. no sierra granite for us. time to find a plan b. having taken a fatalistic approach to this chunk of time off, i looked for signs.  diane was keen to get into the backcountry, but i am loathe to carry a pack without the carrot of climbing something.  humping loads from point a to point b to point c is personally unappealing. could we find common ground? i asked the universe. read more » 10 tips: how to make swimming part of your fitness routine by: genevieve mount | august 24th, 2011 | posted in how to | tags: get back into swimming, pull buoys, swim fitness, swim routines, swim workouts, why bathingsuits come apart in chlorine no comments » it's safe to go back in the water (pool sharks only come in human form). when things get a bit dull or a bit injury-focused in your fitness world, it’s good to get a change of pace. and what better than an infusion of refreshing wetness (swimming, that is)? the good news is that you don’t have to know how to execute a crisp flip-turn or a perfect butterfly stroke to make swimming part of your workout routine. read more » alaska gear reviews: oban 14-year scotch by: adam riser | august 8th, 2011 | posted in climbing, humor, outdoor articles, gear reviews | tags: alpine climbing, scotch 4 comments » jesse testing out a nice 14-year oban since this will be the last gear review from my alaska trip, i figured i should end with the one item that we got the most use out of. some trips are cold, and good down jackets are really key. other climbing trips have lots of steep ice and mixed terrain where the choice of ice tools make a huge difference. on our trip, however, the most important pieces of gear were the two bottles of 14-year-old oban scotch that we drank to help us pass the time during the endless hours of daylight while we waited fruitlessly for the temperatures to drop and the ice to form. read more » nice rack ii: put together your climbing rack by: andy chapman | august 2nd, 2011 | posted in climbing | tags: climbing, gear guides, trad climbing 3 comments » part 2: putting it all together the desert is a cam intensive place to climb building a rack is an investment that is best viewed on a lifelong time frame. you’ll have to throw down on the front end, but aside from occasionally cleaning, re-lubing and re-slinging, cams will last many years. if you climb in the desert or other cam intensive nitch crags like vedauwoo, then your rack is never really complete.  don’t despair.  if you frequent these venues, you will probably make friends with other like-minded individuals and have an open door policy of gear borrowing and lending. read more » nice rack: a practical guide to cams by: andy chapman | august 1st, 2011 | posted in climbing | tags: climbing, gear guide, trad climbing 1 comment » josh taking his pick of the litter knee-deep in the gear room last june, i was confronted with a major dilemma: what rack to take for the summer? heading mainly to squamish and the bugaboos in the northwest, i realized that taking the entire arsenal would be overkill. a phone call to my friend nate in portland, ore., quickly sorted things out. “dude, it’s granite. you probably only need doubles, maybe triples in a few sizes.” and with that, more than half my rack stayed at home. lest you get the wrong impression of me as a gear-hoarding, over-protecting, grubby consumer, be forewarned that the parallel world of desert cracks leads to a skewed outlook when it comes to the cam department. spring-loaded camming devices (slcds or simply cams) can become a hotly contested issue among gearheads and dirtbags alike. safety is a concern, to be sure, but other subtleties such as ease of use, holding power, size range, and cost come into play. racking preference is largely personal, and as such is laden with bias. people new to trad climbing are often forced to rely on beta from their more “experienced” partners or simply go for the price point. this article will hopefully shed some light on the matter by briefly highlighting major design differences and providing some recommendations for putting together the right rack for you. read more » alaska gear reviews: primus profile duo campground stove by: adam riser | july 28th, 2011 | posted in outdoor articles, gear reviews | 1 comment » jesse taking serious advantage of the burner and grill combo. my partner and i had an obscene amount of gear when we got off the plane and set foot on the glacier in alaska. among our several duffel bags, skis, and backpacks was a primus profile duo campground stove and 10 large propane canisters. the rest of base camp must have thought we were nuts, but my partner was the designated cook (since he’s extremely good, and i can barely feed myself) and insisted on something as close to a home kitchen as he could get. i had my reservations about his choice, but i went along. i decided that i had made the right call at about the time i was scarfing down my second steak and vegetables dinner in three days. read more » road trip essentials by: josh barnes | july 26th, 2011 | posted in outdoor articles | 1 comment » the road trip is a time-honored american rite of passage. in fact, failing to embark on at least one road trip per summer basically means that you hate apple pie, fireworks, and babies.  we recently embarked on a kickass weekend road trip and wanted to share our firsthand experience and a few time-tested tips on how to make your road trip a success. location where you’re going isn’t always as important as just going somewhere. whether you are headed to a music festival in the columbia river gorge, to utah’s red rock desert, or to a destination unknown, just get on the road and go. read more » summer skiing: enabling healthy addiction by: jeffrey miesbauer | july 20th, 2011 | posted in outdoor articles, skiing | 4 comments » eli marching past a waterfall on superior. there’s something wrong with me. i can’t stop skiing. mother nature isn’t helping, either. sure, it’s july, but there’s enough snow leftover from our super-snowy wasatch spring to ski dozens of legendary lines. although it’s seen as an anomaly for most, summer skiers like elias littenberg and i only see it as an opportunity to easily continue our ski-all-year lifestyle (elias is going on 35 consecutive months, i’m on 23). and this july confirmed that this year’s summer ski season will be one to remember. since there’s so much remaining skiable snow across the west, i thought i’d list ten reasons why we never put our skis away and perhaps convince you to do the same. read more » ioc approves ski and snowboard slopestyle for the 2014 sochi games by: jeffrey miesbauer | july 8th, 2011 | posted in outdoor articles | no comments » and the peasants rejoice … well, not everyone is overflowing with stoke about the ioc’s july 4th decision to include ski and snowboard (men’s and women’s) slopestyle in the games. with more rules for competing skiers and riders, many feel that this decision puts a box around their sport. if that’s true, then that box is a television, and in 2014 it will be a polished image brought to you by the highest-paying sponsors. replace the x’s with rings, and this is what you’ll probably see. whether you’re for or against it, this inclusion was just a matter of time. progressing a sport is one thing, but when any jibber or wanker dedicates all his or her time to competing in a well-groomed park to please sponsors and judges, then they’re missing the essence of the sport anyway. go freeride. (well, at least on what snow is left.) alaska gear reviews: petzl sarken crampons by: adam riser | july 7th, 2011 | posted in outdoor articles, gear reviews | tags: alpine climbing 1 comment » getting the most out of the 'poons on the mini-moonflower. crampons are one of the most important pieces of gear you take with you on an alpine trip. they literally have an impact on every step you take and must handle every type of terrain with ease. unlike ice-specific crampons that only need to climb ice well, a pair of alpine crampons must climb ice, rock, and snow equally well. they also have to be light, fit your boots securely, and not ball up when the snow is warm and sticky. i tried out a couple crampons before heading north to alaska for a climbing trip and ended up choosing the petzl sarken crampons. here’s how they did … read more » more gear articles » recent articlesdestiny manifested part ii: gear for peak bagging september 19, 2011 destiny manifested: peak-bagging colorado’s 14ers september 7, 2011 10 tips: how to make swimming part of your fitness routine august 24, 2011 alaska gear reviews: oban 14-year scotch august 8, 2011 nice rack ii: put together your climbing rack august 2, 2011 nice rack: a practical guide to cams august 1, 2011 alaska gear reviews: primus profile duo campground stove july 28, 2011 backcountrybeacon backcountrybeacon featured videoangel collinson joins the team from backcountry.com on vimeo. gear spottrail running guide: shoes to packs, hit the trails. trail run guide tent buyer's guide: backcountry house-hunting, simplified. tent buyer's guide rain jacket guide: stay dry out there. rain jacket guide most commentedavalanche control on the 210: flagstaff foment (36)employee touring setups: what the incurable powder junkies use (17)trip of the month: teton crest trail (16)top 5 colleges if you want to ski (and get a decent education): part i – public universities (15)boost your survival smarts (14)backcountry.com rosetta stone of rocker (14)moment: the biggest little skimaker in the world (13)the dirtbag games (13)plugging into the backcountry – dangers of technology (13)worth your time angus adventures backcountry.com famous internet skiers liquid astronaut origin nutrition: make your own energy gel protect our winters riser photography splitboard.com the snaz outdoor blogs bd journal cleanest line hiker hell jeremyjones.net kelly cordes sicklines sierra descents straight chuter tetonat the adventure life the goat blog vertical carnival wicked outdoorsy wild snow outdoor forums cascade climbers mtbr newschoolers rock climbing.com telemark tips tgr forums utah climbers authorsadam riserandrew mcleanandy andersonandy chapmanaustin holtbeth lopezbill hartliebbrian bernardcatherine greenwaldcole lehmandaniel bocciadina freedmangenevieve mounthasen pfefferjames ritcheyjeb admirejeffrey miesbauerjgwjoe ballentjosh barnesjustin moolkate showalterkyle marstonluke cudneypat goodmanpatrick kaileyrob de lucarocky thompsonsam lundsam petersstafftanya christensentj parsonstoni isom topicsalpine climbing avalanche safety backcountry skiing backcountry snowboarding backpacking camp chef camping camping recipes climbing cooking diy do-it-yourself environment expeditions fabric tech food gear gear guides gear maintenance gear repair hiking humor ice climbing mountain biking mountaineering outdoor survival pro athletes q&a rain jackets resorts road cycling safety skiing ski tuning snowboarding sport climbing technology top 10 list trad climbing training travel trip of the month trip reports video wilderness survival have some feedback? have a story idea?contact us copyright ©2010 backcountrybeacon.com, backcountry.com all rights reserved.