来源URL: https://web.archive.org/web/20121223025018/http://www.backcountry.com/sc/privacy-policy
================================================================================

privacy policy | backcountry.com sign in order status cart (0) backcountry.com talk to gear gurus live chat or 1-800-409-4502 free shipping on orders over $50* 100% guaranteed lifetime unconditional returns go x men gift certificates give the gift of everything. jackets down jackets men's fleece jackets ski jackets synthetic jackets more... pants ski pants & bibs men's hiking and climbing pants snowboard pants performance tights more... shirts button-down flannel performance shirts sweaters more... underwear & baselayers long underwear underwear baselayers performance tights more... shorts casual men's hiking & climbing shorts men's running shorts board shorts more... sunglasses lifestyle sunglasses sport sunglasses interchangeable sunglasses women's sunglasses more... watches casual watches altimeters heart rate monitors sport watches more... accessories hats, cap & beanies gloves & mittens belts wallets more... shoes & footwear running shoes bike shoes hiking & backpacking rock climbing shoes more... women gift certificates give the gift of everything. jackets fleece jackets down jackets vests ski jackets more... pants ski pants & bibs performance pants & tights insulated pants snowboard pants more... tops performance shirts women's sweaters casual shirts hoodies more... long underwear & baselayers tops bottoms women's performance tights one-piece more... dresses & skirts dresses skirts shorts women's running shorts women's hike & climbing shorts active & yoga shorts women's casual shorts more... sunglasses lifestyle sunglasses sport sunglasses interchangeable sunglasses women's sunglasses more... watches casual watches altimeters heart rate monitors sport watches more... underwear bras underwear bottoms sports bras camis & tanks swimwear beach towels women's board shorts bikinis one-piece cover-up swimsuits women's accessories hats, caps & beanies women's gloves & mittens socks women's belts more... shoes & footwear running shoes bike shoes hiking & backpacking footwear climbing shoes more... kids gift certificates give the gift of everything. boys jackets long underwear & baselayers pants & shorts swimwear shirts gloves & mittens beanies & hats more... girls jackets long underwear & baselayers pants & shorts skirts & dresses swimwear shirts gloves & mittens more... toddler toddler boys toddler girls infants boys girls kids' accessories kids' gloves & mittens kids' goggles toddler & infant gloves kids', toddler & infant sunglasses kids' socks kids' hats infant & toddler hats strollers and joggers ski gift certificates give the gift of everything. skiing skis women's skis kids' skis ski bindings & brakes more... alpine touring alpine touring skis alpine touring skis - women's alpine touring boots alpine touring bindings climbing skins telemark skiing telemark skis telemark skis - women's telemark ski boots telemark bindings more... goggles & accessories goggles women's goggles eyeware-compatible goggles kids' goggles more... avalanche safety avalanche beacons air bag packs & accessories shovels probes more... cross country skiing nordic touring skate skiing classic skiing vises & tuning accessories helmets & impact clothing ski helmets women's ski helmets kids' ski helmets helmet cams & digital cameras more... winter accessories climbing skins vises & tuning accessories boot dryers & heaters gaiters more... ski clothing men women's kids' toddlers & infants hike & camp gift certificates give the gift of everything. sleeping bags down sleeping bags synthetic sleeping bags bivy sacks kids sleeping bags more... tents 3-season tents 4-season tents single wall shelters, tarps, & screen rooms more... backpacks daypacks backpacking packs travel backpacks sleeping pads lightweight sleeping pads campground sleeping pads midweight sleeping pads sleeping pad accessories more... camp kitchen pots & pans flatware & utensils cups, mugs, & flasks coffee & tea pots more... hydration water bottles water filters water purification water bladders & reservoirs more... camping accessories trekking poles dog packs & accessories camp towels batteries & solar power more... lighting headlamps lanterns handheld flashlights batteries & solar power camp furniture hammocks camping chairs tables cots showers navigation altimeters weather instruments compasses gps more... shoes gift certificates give the gift of everything. socks hiking socks running socks ski socks snowboard socks compression socks casual socks kids' socks more... men's running shoes bike shoes hiking & backpacking rock climbing shoes approach shoes mountaineering boots sandals more... women's running shoes bike shoes hiking & backpacking footwear climbing shoes approach shoes winter boots & shoes rain boots & shoes more... kids' boys' boots & shoes girls' boots & shoes toddler shoes & boots infant shoes & boots bike gift certificates give the gift of everything. men's bike clothing bike shoes bike shorts & bibs bike jerseys bike jackets bike base layers gloves bike socks more... women's bike clothing bike shoes bike shorts & bibs bike jerseys bike socks gloves bike base layers & bras casual wear more... bikes road mountain triathlon cyclocross urban kids bike parts wheels tires forks cranksets/chainrings shift levers pedals brakes more... bike accessories bike gloves bike shoes helmets trainers & accessories bike packs & bags nutrition gps/computers more... more... gift certificates give the gift of everything. accessories sunglasses goggles & accessories watches racks more... climb rock climb ice climbing big wall mountaineering canyoneering paddle kayaks paddles stand-up paddle pfds & safety gear more... fly fishing fly rods fly reels wading gear fishing flies more... travel racks audio accessories luggage travel accessories snowboard goggles & accessories snowboards snowboards boots snowboard bindings more... snowshoe snowshoes snowshoe poles snowshoe accessories avalanche safety new arrivals new men's clothing new women's clothing new gear new footwear sale outlet with more variety than wolf tees at a truck stop & prices that would make your mom blush, the department of goods promises you'll never have to choose between gear & groceries again. find out for yourself our commitment to privacy effective july 12, 2012. your privacy is important to us. to better protect your privacy we provide this notice explaining our online information practices and the choices you can make about the way your information is collected and used. to make this policy easy to find, we make it available on our homepage and at every point where personally identifiable information may be requested. in this policy, “personal information” is defined as data and facts about you that is collected by backcountry.com or its affiliate websites, but does not include your ip address. the information we collect this policy applies to all information collected or submitted on the backcountry website, including all affiliated websites, including but not limited to: backcountry.com, backcountryoutlet.com, departmentofgoods.com, dogfunk.com, hucknroll.com, realcyclist.com, steepandcheap.com, whiskeymilitia.com, tramdock.com, chainlove.com, bonktown.com, and brociety.com. on some pages, you can order products, make requests, submit product reviews, and register to receive materials or communications from us. the types of personal information collected at these pages are: name address email address phone number credit/debit card information transaction information on some pages, you can submit information about other people. for example, if you order a gift online and want it sent directly to the recipient, you will need to submit the recipient's address. in this circumstance, the types of personal information collected are: name address email address phone number the way we use information backcountry does not sell, rent or provide your “personal information” to third parties, except as described below. personal information is generally kept for backcountry business which is primarily used to assist you in your current or future purchases or in analyzing sales trends. we use your personal information you provide about yourself when placing an order primarily to complete that order. personal information from the order form is used to send orders, information about our company, and promotional material from some of our partners to our customers. personal information is also used to get in touch with the customer when necessary. users may opt-out of receiving future mailings by following the directions in those mailings. backcountry sometimes uses online surveys which ask visitors for personal information which usually includes contact information (typically the customer's email address) and demographic information (like their zip code, age, or income level). we use personal information gathered from our surveys to send the user promotional material from backcountry. backcountry periodically runs contests on our site in which we ask visitors for selected personal information such as contact information (typically the customer's email address) and demographic information (like their zip code, age, or income level). we use personal information gathered from our contests to send users promotional material from backcountry and at times, to some of our partners. the customer's personal information is also used to contact the visitor when necessary (i.e. when someone wins a contest.). demographic and profile data is also collected at our site. we use this data to tailor our visitor's experience at our site, showing them content that we think they might be interested in, and displaying the content according to their preferences. backcountry shares personal information with third parties in certain limited circumstances: backcountry may share personal information with a third party with your consent. for example, you have the option to enroll in bill me later, which is an independent third-party payment service. if you choose to enroll in bill me later, we will share your email address with bill me later to facilitate the enrollment process and bill me later's subsequent use of your personal information will be governed by bill me later's privacy policy. backcountry may provide personal information to affiliated companies or other trusted businesses or persons for the purpose of processing personal information on our behalf. backcountry requires that these parties agree to process your personal information based on our instructions and in compliance with this privacy policy and any other appropriate confidentiality and security measures. these third parties may only use your personal information to the extent required to perform their services on our behalf. we may provide personal information to third parties or marketers for their marketing purposes. we do not provide your entire credit card or debit card numbers to any of these third parties or marketers, but may provide the last four digits of those numbers to a third party or marketer to aid those third parties or marketers in differentiating individuals from one another. we may buy or sell subsidiaries or business units. generally, in these transactions, customer information (including personal information) is a transferred asset. that information will remain subject to the then-existing privacy policy until or unless you provide consent for any updated use of your personal information. we may share personal information to the extent required by legal process or enforceable governmental request. we may share personal information with third parties to detect, prevent, or otherwise address fraud, security, or technical issues. these third parties may place and read cookies on your browsers, or may use web beacons or similar technologies to collect information in connection with the google trusted merchant program. opting out you may elect not to receive on-line or off-line communication from us. to stop receiving backcountry email or catalogs, go to email preferences. if you choose not to have our marketing partner, bluekai, deliver ads tailored to your web preferences and usage patterns, you can opt out of this usage of your personal information by visiting the network advertising initiative opt-out tool located at: www.networkadvertising.org/managing/opt_out.asp. if you prefer that we do not share your personal information with other marketers, please send us an email containing the subject line “opt out” to optout@backcountry.com. cookies and ip addresses backcountry also collects, uses, and monetizes ip addresses. an ip address is a convention of the internet protocol that identifies your "virtual" address on the internet. this ip address is not personal to you and does not identify any of your personal information. all devices connected to a network have an ip address permitting communication to and from the device. if you connect to the internet from your computer, then you have an ip address that looks something like this: 209.17.654.152. in the simplest possible terms, your ip address contains no data that identifies you as a person. it is only a logical address allowing you to connect to others and others to locate your computer. we use an ip address for a number of uses as set forth herein. we use an ip address to help diagnose problems with our server, and to administer our web site. the ip address is used to help identify you and your shopping cart and to gather broad demographic information. our site uses cookies (small pieces of data we store for an extended period of time on your computer, mobile phone, or other device) to keep track of your shopping cart. we use cookies for other purposes such as site personalization. you can reject cookies and still use the backcountry site, however, it will disable the ability for the site to recognize your cart, your account and any personalization efforts. in addition to the disclosure of personal information to third parties as described above, backcountry may monetize or otherwise provide anonymous ip addresses to other third parties. backcountry sometimes employs other companies and individuals to perform functions on our behalf. examples of such may include hosting our website, providing marketing assistance, providing search results and links, retargeted advertising, analyzing data, etc. these third parties have access only to ip addresses and do not have access to your personal information. however, as disclosed above, backcountry may disclose personal information to third parties in certain limited circumstances. external links this site contains links to other sites. this privacy policy applies to the backcountry website and its affiliated websites only. we do not exercise control over the privacy practices or content of any of the external links. these external links may place their own cookies or other files on your computer, collect data or solicit personal information from you. your rights and obligations with respect to content and material submitted by you any comments, reviews, posts, feedback, questions, answers, notes, messages, images, video, audio, materials, ideas, suggestions or other communications you submit on backcountry are not private or proprietary. by submitting user content on or through backcountry, you grant backcountry an irrevocable, royalty-free, worldwide, perpetual right and license to use, copy, modify, display, archive, store, distribute, reproduce and create derivative works based upon such user content, in any form, media, software or technology of any kind now existing or developed in the future. by submitting such user content on or through backcountry, you are confirming that (a) you are the sole author of the user content and the user content originated with you and was not copied in whole or in part from any other work; (b) you have obtained all necessary permissions associated with the user content, including without limitation permissions relating to copyrights, trademarks, rights of publicity and/or rights of privacy; (c) the user content does not contain hate speech or profanity and is not libelous, obscene or otherwise in violation of this agreement, and (d) that you are not a minor and have the legal right and capacity to enter into and comply with these terms. by submitting any such user content on or through backcountry, you grant backcountry permission to use your name, alias and any other information (as provided by you) to attribute such user content to you. without limiting the generality of the previous sentence, and subject to our privacy policy, you authorize backcountry and its affiliates to share the user content across all affiliated web sites, and to use your name and any other information in connection with its use of such user content. you also grant backcountry and its affiliates the right to use any material, information, ideas, concepts, know-how or techniques contained in such user content. we are not responsible for the similarity of any of our content or programming in any media to user content submitted by you. any and all rights granted in this section are granted without the need for any compensation to you in any form. user content does not reflect the views of backcountry, and backcountry does not represent or guarantee the truthfulness, accuracy, completeness, timeliness or reliability of any user content, nor endorses or supports any opinions expressed in any user content. in no event shall backcountry have or be construed to have any responsibility or liability for or in connection with any user content. if we determine, in our sole discretion, you or any user content you submit violates this agreement, we reserve the right, at any time, without notice and without limiting any and all other rights we may have under this agreement, to (a) refuse to allow you to submit further user content, (b) remove and delete your user content, (c) revoke your registration and right to use the user content submission features and (d) use any technological, legal, operational or other means available to enforce the terms of this agreement, including, without limitation, blocking specific ip addresses or deactivating your registration, access using your e-mail address, your user name and password. backcountry does not endorse the user content, is not responsible for the user content and specifically disclaims any responsibility or liability to any person or entity (including, without limitation, persons who may use or rely on such user content) for any loss, damage (whether actual, consequential, punitive or otherwise), injury, claim, liability or other cause of any kind or character based upon or resulting from any user content provided through this web site. our commitment to data security to prevent unauthorized access, maintain data accuracy, and ensure the correct use of information, we have put in place appropriate physical, electronic, and managerial procedures to safeguard and secure the information we collect online. for example, we work to protect the security of your personal information during any transmission of same by using secure sockets layer (ssl) software, which encrypts information you input. we reveal only the last five digits of your credit card numbers when confirming an order. of course, we transmit the entire credit card number to the appropriate credit card company during order processing. it is important for you to protect against unauthorized access to your password and to your computer. be sure to sign off when finished using a shared computer. you also have the option to access backcountry.com and affiliates websites from your mobile or wireless device. when using your mobile device or a wireless network, the carrier or network administrator may have access to your personal information. for information regarding your carrier or network administrator's treatment of your information, please consult their respective privacy policies. our commitment to children's privacy protecting the privacy of the very young is especially important. for that reason, we do not collect or maintain information at our website from those we actually know are under 13, and no part of our website is structured to attract anyone under 13. changes to this privacy policy we may change or replace this privacy policy at any time. if we make material changes, we will provide current customers with a revised notice that describes our new practices or a link to the new privacy policy. need help? talk to our gear gurus. they're available 24/7. call 1.800.409.4502 chat live chat visit our contact us page for more info and ways to reach us. faqs how do i make a return? i recently purchased an item and found a lower price listed elsewhere. what can i do? what is your international shipping policy? do you charge sales tax? when can i expect my stuff? more questions and answers in our help center about us what is backcountry.com? group sales land your dream job affiliate program press/media advertise with us privacy policy site map legal notices newsletter what's wrong with this page? put a goat on it. helmet, water bottle, car window, kayak, you name it. put a goat on it. send me a sticker follow our tweets @backcountrycom read the goat a daily bleatdown rss feeds - gear questions, reviews, photos, and videos mobile site center of gear knowledge® backcountry.com we use the gear we sell® partner with usa today sports digital properties © backcountry.com – all rights reserved siteid: 1 sitecode: bcs profile: 729372097 user name: navigation last category: /store/catalog/categorylanding.jsp?categoryid=bcscat131100020 transient: true sec status: 0 catalog: catalog:bcs pricelist: pricelist:listprices salepricelist: pricelist:saleprices is user registered? false session: 273dd9ca1290d2985bc207bc9b7dcb0f.atgprod2-prod_public_8080 protocol: http port: 80 storeserverurl: http:///store/content/contentlanding.jsp securestoreserverurl: http://www.backcountry.com remote ip: (null) x-forwarded-for: 207.241.237.220, 65.197.197.232, 24.143.195.247, 10.42.6.8 cart emptytemplate parameters navigation: /includes/bcs/categoriesnav.jsp header: /includes/bcs/header.jsp sitename: backcountry.com usenewbuybox: true pagestart: /includes/pagestart.jsp footer: /includes/bcs/footer.jsp pageend: /includes/pageend.jsp template inheritance tree /backcountry/layout/templates/bcs/standardpage /backcountry/layout/templates/standardpage ✭ ✭ ✭ honouring our fallen heroes ✭ ✭ ✭ ✭ adri j. ✭ ✭ ben p. ✭ ✭ carlos z. ✭ ✭ clint gc. ✭ ✭ daniel b. ✭ ✭ dustin m. ✭ ✭ jon m. ✭ ✭ jsanca ✭ ✭ kelly p. ✭ ✭ kim s. ✭ ✭ kurt w. ✭ ✭ leo m. ✭ (gracias mae, ya puedo firmar como leo sin que nadie se confunda) ✭ marco r. ✭ ✭ maricel q. ✭ ✭ mayra r. ✭ ✭ michal p. ✭ ✭ rolo s. ✭ ✭ ross s. ✭ ✭ shane h. ✭ ✭ spencers ✭ ✭ tere r. ✭ ✭ tommy h. ✭ kaki mark 'a site in 15 minutes' scarton thank you guys