来源URL: https://web.archive.org/web/20141230060947/http://www.backcountry.com/sc/privacy-policy
================================================================================

privacy policy | backcountry.com e-mail password reset password sign in cancel signing in new here? create a new account create a new account your name will be publicly displayed with all posts. e-mail ex: johndoe@gmail.com password verify password: passwords are case-sensitive & must be at least 4 characters in length. create account have an account? login shop articles adventures live chat 1-800-409-4502 sign in order status cart0 backcountry.com brands top brands the north face patagonia marmot arc'teryx burton mountain hardwear black diamond canada goose spyder columbia 686 armada backcountry access backcountry.com big agnes castelli cw-x dakine dc dynafit g3 giro gopro haglofs hestra icebreaker k2 keen kuhl la sportiva mammut merrell msr nixon norrøna oakley osprey packs outdoor research petzl poc prana rab rossignol salomon santa cruz bicycles scarpa smartwool smith sorel suunto thule volcom view all brands men outerwear down jackets synthetic insulation jackets ski & snowboard jackets ski & snowboard pants fleece jackets softshell jackets technical shells rain jackets › all | sale outerwear by use skiing & snowboarding alpine & expedition hiking & climbing running clothing shirts pants hoodies & sweaters casual jackets vests underwear & baselayers shorts swimwear › all | sale clothing by use hiking & backpacking climbing running biking footwear winter boots & shoes hiking & backpacking casual running approach sandals slippers socks › all | sale footwear by use biking climbing mountaineering skating accessories sunglasses goggles hats & caps beanies gloves & mittens balaclavas & neck gaiters socks helmet cams & digital cameras headphones & audio watches belts wallets › all | sale collections: new arrivals | heritage | wanna watch buyer guides: outdoor jacket types | what is a softshell? women outerwear down jackets synthetic insulation jackets fleece jackets softshell jackets ski & snowboard jackets ski & snowboard pants technical shells rain & wind jackets › all | sale outerwear by use skiing & snowboarding hiking & climbing running biking clothing tops pants dresses & skirts casual jackets vests sweaters hoodies baselayers › all | sale clothing by use active casual running yoga footwear winter boots & shoes casual boots & shoes hiking & backpacking running rain boots sandals slippers socks › all | sale footwear by use biking running climbing skating accessories sunglasses goggles gloves & mittens hats & beanies socks scarves purses tote bags wallets belts yoga mats & accessories jewelry › all | sale collections: new arrivals | yoga info: yoga stretches for runners | running nutrition kids boys jackets boots & shoes shirts pants & shorts long underwear & baselayers beanies & hats swimwear gloves & mittens › all | sale boys by use ski clothing snowboard clothing hiking clothing skate clothing girls jackets boots & shoes shirts pants & shorts long underwear & baselayers swimwear skirts & dresses gloves & mittens › all | sale girls by use ski clothing snowboard clothing hiking clothing skate clothing toddler & infant toddler boys' clothing toddler boys' shoes toddler girls' clothing toddler girls' shoes toddler hats infant boys' clothing infant girls' clothing infant hats › all | sale accessories kids' hats kids' gloves & mittens kids' socks kids' goggles kids' sunglasses strollers & joggers › all | sale accessories by use skis snowboards ski helmets ski clothing collections: new arrivals info: camping with kids ski skis big mountain freeride all mountain fat park & pipe alpine touring telemark cross country › all | sale skis by gender men's skis women's skis kids' skis ski boots alpine alpine touring telemark cross country › all | sale ski boots by gender men's ski boots women's ski boots kids' ski boots ski bindings alpine alpine touring telemark cross country › all | sale ski bindings by gender kids' ski bindings ski accessories poles helmets goggles gloves & mittens helmet cams & digital cameras bags climbing skins avalanche safety › all | sale ski clothing men's women's kids' collections: new arrivals | top new skis for 2015 buyer guides & info: ski gear guide | choose the right ski | ski tuning snowboard snowboards freestyle all mountain wide powder boards splitboard women's freestyle women's all mountain › all | sale snowboards by gender men's snowboards women's snowboards kids' snowboards snowboard boots men's boots women's boots kids' boots › all | sale boots by flex soft flex medium flex stiff flex snowboard bindings men's bindings women's bindings kids' bindings › all | sale bindings by flex soft flex medium flex stiff flex snowboard accessories goggles helmets helmet cams & digital cameras gloves packs travel bags avalanche safety stomp pads › all | sale snowboard clothing men's women's kids' collections: new arrivals buyer guides & info: snowboard gear guide | choosing a snowboard | choosing bindings | choosing snowboard boots hike & camp hiking backpacks daypacks compression sacks trekking poles navigation hydration lighting hiking socks › all | sale hiking by gender men's hiking shoes & boots men's hiking clothing women's hiking shoes & boots women's hiking clothing camping tents footprints & vestibules bivy sacks shelters sleeping bags sleeping pads camping pillows › all | sale tents by season 3-season tents 4-season tents tent accessories camp kitchen stoves pots & pans flatware & utensils cups, mugs & flasks plates & bowls coffee & tea pots food storage food › all | sale hike & camp accessories furniture lighting hydration purification first aid altimeters duffel bags racks › all | sale collections: new arrivals | the cutting edge | always ready buyer guides & info: choosing hiking shoes & boots | planning a backpacking trip bike bikes road mountain triathlon cyclocross commuter kids' › all | sale bike clothing shorts & bibs jerseys jackets tights & knickers base layers socks gloves hats & headbands › all | sale bike clothing by men's bike clothing women's bike clothing mountain bike clothing road bike clothing bike parts wheels tires pedals forks cranksets & chainrings handlebars brakes saddles › all | sale bike parts by mountain bike parts road bike parts bike accessories shoes helmets lights trainers packs & bags sunglasses nutrition gps & computers › all | sale bike accessories by mountain bike accessories road bike accessories racks tools collections: new arrivals buyer guides & info: choosing wheel size | packing for a bike tour more... climbing shoes ropes protection harnesses & helmets belay carabiners & quickdraws runners & cords chalk bags & chalk › all | sale climbing by activity rock climbing ice climbing bouldering mountaineering running shoes socks jackets shirts pants hats gloves accessories › all | sale running by gender men's running shoes women's running shoes men's running clothing women's running clothing paddle kayaks kayak accessories kayak clothing paddles stand-up paddles pfds & safety gear car racks › all | sale fly fishing rods reels wading gear flies fishing watercraft tools & accessories line, leader & tippet apparel › all | sale shoes & footwear | snowshoes | luggage | travel gear | racks | headphones | accessories | surf outlet men's outlet jackets shirts pants underwear & baselayers vests hoodies sunglasses watches > all men's outlet women's outlet jackets tops pants shoes & footwear swimwear dresses & skirts watches sunglasses > all women's outlet kids' outlet boys' clothing girls' clothing infants toddler kids' accessories strollers & joggers > all kids' outlet gear outlet ski snowboard bike climb hike & camp paddle fly fishing racks > all gear outlet view all outlet free shipping on orders over $50* privacy policy effective may 19, 2014 our commitment to privacy your privacy is important to us. to better protect your privacy we provide this notice explaining our online information practices and the choices you can make about the way your information is collected and used.  to make this policy easy to find, we make it available on our homepage and at every point where personally identifiable information may be requested.  in this policy, “personal information” is defined as data and facts about you that is collected by backcountry.com (“backcountry”) or its affiliate websites, but does not include your ip address. the information we collect this policy applies to all information collected or submitted on the backcountry website, including all affiliated websites, including but not limited to: backcountry.com, competitivecyclist.com, chainlove.com, dogfunk.com, steepandcheap.com, and whiskeymilitia.com.  on some pages, you can order products, make requests, submit product reviews, and register to receive materials or communications from us. the types of personal information collected at these pages are: name address email address phone number credit/debit card information transaction information on some pages, you can submit information about other people.  for example, if you order a gift online and want it sent directly to the recipient, you will need to submit the recipient’s address.  in this circumstance, the types of personal information collected are: name address email address phone number the way we use information backcountry does not sell, rent or provide your "personal information" to third parties, except as described below. personal information is generally kept for backcountry business which is primarily used to assist you in your current or future purchases or in analyzing sales trends. we use your personal information you provide about yourself when placing an order primarily to complete that order. personal information from the order form is used to send orders, information about our company, and promotional material from some of our partners to our customers.  personal information is also used to get in touch with the customer when necessary.  users may opt-out of receiving future mailings by following the directions in those mailings. backcountry sometimes uses online surveys which ask visitors for personal information which usually includes contact information (typically the customer's email address) and demographic information (like their zip code, age, or income level). we use personal information gathered from our surveys to send the user promotional material from backcountry.  backcountry periodically runs contests on our site in which we ask visitors for selected personal information such as contact information (typically the customer's email address) and demographic information (like their zip code, age, or income level). we use personal information gathered from our contests to send users promotional material from backcountry and at times, to some of our partners.  the customer's personal information is also used to contact the visitor when necessary (i.e. when someone wins a contest.). demographic and profile data is also collected at our site. we use this data to tailor our visitor's experience at our site, showing them content that we think they might be interested in, and displaying the content according to their preferences. backcountry shares personal information with third parties in certain limited circumstances: backcountry may share personal information with a third party with your consent.  for example, you have the option to enroll in bill me later, which is an independent third-party payment service.  if you choose to enroll in bill me later, we will share your email address with bill me later to facilitate the enrollment process and bill me later’s subsequent use of your personal information will be governed by bill me later’s privacy policy. backcountry may provide personal information to affiliated companies or other trusted businesses or persons for the purpose of processing personal information on our behalf.  backcountry requires that these parties agree to process your personal information based on our instructions and in compliance with this privacy policy and any other appropriate confidentiality and security measures.  these third parties may only use your personal information to the extent required to perform their services on our behalf. we may provide personal information to third parties or marketers for their marketing purposes.  we do not provide your entire credit card or debit card numbers to any of these third parties or marketers, but may provide the last four digits of those numbers to a third party or marketer to aid those third parties or marketers in differentiating individuals from one another. we may buy or sell subsidiaries or business units.  generally, in these transactions, customer information (including personal information) is a transferred asset.  that information will remain subject to the then-existing privacy policy until or unless you provide consent for any updated use of your personal information. we may share personal information to the extent required by legal process or enforceable governmental request. we may share personal information with third parties to detect, prevent, or otherwise address fraud, security, or technical issues.  these third parties may place and read cookies on your browsers, or may use web beacons or similar technologies to collect information in connection with the google trusted merchant program. cookies and ip addresses backcountry also collects, uses, and monetizes ip addresses.  an ip address is a convention of the internet protocol that identifies your "virtual" address on the internet. this ip address is not personal to you and does not identify any of your personal information.  all devices connected to a network have an ip address permitting communication to and from the device.  if you connect to the internet from your computer, then you have an ip address that looks something like this: 209.17.654.152.  in the simplest possible terms, your ip address contains no data that identifies you as a person.  it is only a logical address allowing you to connect to others and others to locate your computer.  we use an ip address for a number of uses as set forth herein.  we use an ip address to help diagnose problems with our server, and to administer our web site. the ip address is used to help identify you and your shopping cart and to gather broad demographic information. our site uses cookies (small pieces of data we store for an extended period of time on your computer, mobile phone, or other device) to keep track of your shopping cart.  we use cookies for other purposes such as site personalization.  you can reject cookies and still use the backcountry site, however, it will disable the ability for the site to recognize your cart, your account and any personalization efforts. in addition to the disclosure of personal information to third parties as described above, backcountry may monetize or otherwise provide anonymous ip addresses to other third parties.  backcountry sometimes employs other companies and individuals to perform functions on our behalf.  examples of such may include hosting our website, providing marketing assistance, providing search results and links, retargeted advertising, analyzing data, etc.  these third parties have access only to ip addresses and do not have access to your personal information.  however, as disclosed above, backcountry may disclose personal information to third parties in certain limited circumstances. external links this site contains links to other sites.  this privacy policy applies to the backcountry website and its affiliated websites only.  we do not exercise control over the privacy practices or content of any of the external links.  these external links may place their own cookies or other files on your computer, collect data or solicit personal information from you. your rights and obligations with respect to content and material submitted by you any comments, reviews, posts, feedback, questions, answers, notes, messages, images, video, audio, materials, ideas, suggestions or other communications you submit on backcountry are not private or proprietary.  by submitting user content on or through backcountry, you grant backcountry and its affiliates an irrevocable, royalty-free, worldwide, perpetual right and license to use, copy, modify, display, archive, store, distribute, reproduce and create derivative works based upon such user content, in any form, media, software or technology of any kind now existing or developed in the future.  by submitting such user content on or through backcountry, you are confirming that (a) you are the sole author of the user content and the user content originated with you and was not copied in whole or in part from any other work; (b) you have obtained all necessary permissions associated with the user content, including without limitation permissions relating to copyrights, trademarks, rights of publicity and/or rights of privacy; (c) the user content does not contain hate speech or profanity and is not libelous, obscene or otherwise in violation of this agreement, and (d) that you are not a minor and have the legal right and capacity to enter into and comply with these terms.  by submitting any such user content on or through backcountry, you grant backcountry permission to use your name, alias and any other information (as provided by you) to attribute such user content to you.  without limiting the generality of the previous sentence, and subject to our privacy policy, you authorize backcountry and its affiliates to share the user content across all affiliated web sites, and to use your name and any other information in connection with its use of such user content.  you also grant backcountry and its affiliates the right to use any material, information, ideas, concepts, know-how or techniques contained in such user content.  we are not responsible for the similarity of any of our content or programming in any media to user content submitted by you.  any and all rights granted in this section are granted without the need for any compensation to you in any form. user content does not reflect the views of backcountry, and backcountry does not represent or guarantee the truthfulness, accuracy, completeness, timeliness or reliability of any user content, nor endorses or supports any opinions expressed in any user content.  in no event shall backcountry have or be construed to have any responsibility or liability for or in connection with any user content.  if we determine, in our sole discretion, you or any user content you submit violates this agreement, we reserve the right, at any time, without notice and without limiting any and all other rights we may have under this agreement, to (a) refuse to allow you to submit further user content, (b) remove and delete your user content, (c) revoke your registration and right to use the user content submission features and (d) use any technological, legal, operational or other means available to enforce the terms of this agreement, including, without limitation, blocking specific ip addresses or deactivating your registration, access using your e-mail address, your user name and password. backcountry does not endorse the user content, is not responsible for the user content and specifically disclaims any responsibility or liability to any person or entity (including, without limitation, persons who may use or rely on such user content) for any loss, damage (whether actual, consequential, punitive or otherwise), injury, claim, liability or other cause of any kind or character based upon or resulting from any user content provided through this web site. our commitment to data security to prevent unauthorized access, maintain data accuracy, and ensure the correct use of information, we have put in place appropriate physical, electronic, and managerial procedures to safeguard and secure the information we collect online.  for example, we work to protect the security of your personal information during any transmission of same by using secure sockets layer (ssl) software, which encrypts information you input. we reveal only the last five digits of your credit card numbers when confirming an order. of course, we transmit the entire credit card number to the appropriate credit card company during order processing. it is important for you to protect against unauthorized access to your password and to your computer.  be sure to sign off when finished using a shared computer. you also have the option to access backcountry.com and affiliates’ websites from your mobile or wireless device.  when using your mobile device or a wireless network, the carrier or network administrator may have access to your personal information.  for information regarding your carrier or network administrator’s treatment of your information, please consult their respective privacy policies. our commitment to children’s privacy protecting the privacy of the very young is especially important.  for that reason, we do not collect or maintain information at our website from those we actually know are under 13, and no part of our website is structured to attract anyone under 13. opting out of communications from backcountry there is an unsubscribe link in every email that we send.  you can be removed instantly from our list by clicking it. opting out of having our marketing partner deliver ads tailored to your web preferences and usage patterns if you choose not to have our marketing partners deliver ads tailored to your web preferences and usage patterns, you can opt out of this usage of your personal information by visiting the network advertising initiative opt-out tool located at: http://www.networkadvertising.org/managing/opt_out.asp and opting out from targeted ads delivered by various marketers. opting out of sharing information with third party partners for marketing purposes if you prefer that we do not share your personal information with other marketers, please send us an email containing the subject line “opt out” to info@backcountry.com. changes to this privacy policy we may change or replace this privacy policy at any time.  if we make material changes, we will provide current customers with a revised notice that describes our new practices or a link to the new privacy policy. legal notices last updated: may 19, 2014 the use of backcountry, inc. ("backcountry"), and its affiliated websites is governed by the following legal notices and conditions. by using backcountry and its affiliated websites, you agree to these conditions. hyperlinks some of the links we make available to you through our website will redirect you to leave our website(s). we cannot guarantee that the hyperlinks set out on our website(s) will be accurate in any respect. moreover, the third party websites accessed through these hyperlinks are developed and maintained by person(s) or entities over which we have no control. we cannot and do not monitor the websites linked to our pages on the internet. accordingly, we assume no responsibility for the content of any website referenced to by any hyperlink or otherwise, and do not warrant the content of these websites in any manner or respect. we believe that making available hyperlinks to publicly accessible web pages and newsgroups is legally permissible and consistent with the common, customary expectations of those who make use of the internet. these links are provided only for your convenience, and their inclusion does not constitute or imply approval or endorsement by backcountry or their sites or their content. electronic communications communications between you and backcountry may be done electronically. we may send you communications from us electronically, whether by e-mail, by posting notices on the website, or other electronic means. you agree that any such electronic communications are considered to be communications in writing. you should not send personal information such as addresses or credit card information by e-mail. intellectual property all content included on the website, including but not limited to text, graphics, logos, images, audio clips, data compilations, software, as well as the compilation of the website content, is the property of backcountry or its suppliers and protected by united states and international copyright laws. backcountry graphics, logos, page headers, button icons, scripts, and service names are trademarks, or trade dress of backcountry in the united states and/or other countries. these trademarks and trade dress may not be used in any manner prohibited by law or prohibited by backcountry, including but not limited to any manner likely to cause confusion among customers or to disparage or discredit backcountry. there may be other trademarks not owned by backcountry appearing on the website. those trademarks are the property of their respective owners, who may or may not be affiliated with backcountry. if you believe that your work has been copied by backcountry, then please contact backcountry’s legal department at: backcountry, attn: legal department, 1678 west redstone center drive, park city, ut 84098, legal@backcountry.com. license and site access backcountry grants you a limited license to use its websites for personal use only. you may not copy or reproduce the website, or any portion of it, without backcountry's express written consent. in addition, backcountry grants you a limited, revocable, and nonexclusive right to create a hyperlink to backcountry's website, so long as the link does not portray backcountry in a misleading, derogatory, false, or otherwise offensive manner. your account you are responsible for maintaining the confidentiality of your account and password and for restricting access to your computer, and you agree to accept responsibility for all activities that occur under your account or password. backcountry reserves the right to refuse service, terminate accounts, remove or edit content, or cancel orders in their sole discretion. if you are under 18, you may not use backcountry without the involvement of a parent or guardian over the age of 18. security the internet, being an open network, is not secure. if you choose to send any electronic communications to backcountry by means of this website (whether by means of email or posted messages on the website), you recognize the inherent risk of such an open network. backcountry does not, and cannot guarantee that such communications will not be intercepted or changed or that they will reach the intended recipient safely. however, with respect to the transmission of personal information including, but not limited to, credit card information, backcountry makes every effort to protect that information using reasonable security measures that generally meet acceptable industry standards for security. such personal information should only be provided through our check-out procedure which uses encryption technologies to provide secure on-line transactions. reviews, com*ments, communications, and other content you may post content on certain portions of backcountry's websites, and submit other content or information to backcountry, provided that the content is legal, not injurious to third parties, or otherwise objectionable, as determined by backcountry. you are not permitted to post or submit software viruses, political campaign messages, commercial solicitations, chain letters, mass mailings, or any form of spam. you must use your own e-mail address in submitting or posting such content. backcountry reserves the right (but not the obligation) to remove or edit such content, but does not regularly review posted content. posting content or submitting material shall grant backcountry the right to use and display such content pursuant to a nonexclusive, royalty-free, perpetual, irrevocable, and fully sublicensable license. you grant backcountry and sublicensees the right to use the name that you submit in connection with such content, if they choose. by posting content or submitting material, you represent and warrant that you own or otherwise control all of the rights to that content or material, and that you will indemnify backcountry for all claims resulting from content you supply. backcountry has the right but not the obligation to monitor and edit or remove any activity or content. backcountry takes no responsibility and assumes no liability for any content posted by you or any third party. copyright policy backcountry prohibits copyright infringement by users of its and its affiliates websites and will remove or disable access to any content that you submit that infringes any copyright, if we are properly notified or otherwise determine that the submission is or may be infringing.  without limiting any other rights that backcountry may have, backcountry reserves the right to remove or disable access to any allegedly infringing content without notice. any copyright owner or its authorized agent who believes that any content infringes such owner’s copyright may submit notification to backcountry pursuant to the digital millennium copyright act (“dmca”), see 17 u.s.c. § 512. the notification must contain the following:  (1) a physical or electronic signature of the copyright owner or its authorized agent, (2) an identification of the copyrighted work allegedly infringed, (3) identification of the content that is claimed to be infringing or the subject of infringing activity, and information reasonably sufficient for backcountry to locate the content, (4) contact information for the copyright owner or its authorized agent, including address, telephone number, and (if available) an email address, (5) a statement by the copyright owner or its authorized agent that he/she has a good faith belief that the content is not authorized by the copyright owner, its authorized agent, or the law, and (6) a statement that the information contained in the notification is accurate and, under penalty of perjury, that the person submitting the notification is authorized to act by the owner of the exclusive right allegedly infringed.  if we receive a proper notification, we will remove or disable access to the content (or allegedly infringing portion thereof) as required by the dmca “safe harbor” provision, 17 u.s.c. § 512(c). if your submission or any portion of it is removed, or access to it is disabled, and you believe that you have authorization from the copyright owner or its designated agent to make a submission or believe that your submission is otherwise non-infringing, you may submit a dmca counter-notice to backcountry.  the counter-notice must contain the following: (1) your physical or electronic signature, (2) information sufficient to identify the content of the submission removed or to which access was disabled and the location where it was located, (3) a statement of your good faith belief that the content was removed, or access to it was disabled, in error, (4) your name, address, telephone number, and (if available) email address, (5) a statement that you consent to jurisdiction in the state of utah, usa with respect to the dispute, and (6) a statement that you will accept service of process from the person who notified backcountry of the alleged infringement.  if backcountry receives a proper counter-notice, backcountry will have the right to send a copy of it to the complaining party, and backcountry may restore or re-enable access to the submission if the complaining party does not file suit within fourteen (14) days.  backcountry is not in a position, however, to adjudicate such disputes. backcountry may terminate any user’s access to our website(s) without notice if, under appropriate circumstances, backcountry determines that the user is a repeat infringer. dmca notices and counter-notices should be submitted to backcountry’s designated agent for receiving such notices, which is backcountry's legal department at: backcountry.com, inc., attn: legal department, 1678 west redstone center drive, park city, ut 84098, legal@backcountry.com risk of loss, returns, refunds and title all items purchased from backcountry are made pursuant to a shipment contract. this means that the risk of loss and title for such items pass to you upon our delivery to the carrier. backcountry does not take title to returned items until the item arrives at our fulfillment center. at our discretion, a refund may be issued without requiring a return. in this situation, backcountry does not take title to the refunded item. for more information about our returns and refunds, please see our return policy. pricing and product descriptions backcountry makes every effort to ensure that the price of each item listed for sale is accurate, and that its products are described accurately. however, a small number of items may at times be mispriced. in the event of a pricing error, backcountry shall have no obligation to fulfill the order, and will, at our sole discretion, either contact you to determine whether you would like to proceed with the order at the correct price, or cancel your order and notify you of such cancellation. backcountry does not warrant that product descriptions or pricing is accurate, or error-free. if a product offered by backcountry is not as described, your sole remedy is to return it in unused condition. press releases all press releases and other promotional materials are only current on their original date, unless otherwise stated. these materials were, to the best of backcountry's knowledge, timely and accurate when issued. however, you should not rely on the continued accuracy of any such material beyond the date of issuance. disclaimer of warranties and limitation of liability to the full extent permissible by applicable law, backcountry disclaims all warranties, express or implied, including, but not limited to, implied warranties of merchantability and fitness for a particular purpose. backcountry does not warrant that this site; information, content, materials, products (including software) or services included on or otherwise made available to you through this site; their servers; or electronic communications sent from backcountry are free of viruses or other harmful components. backcountry will not be liable for any damages of any kind arising from the use of this site or from any information, content, materials, products (including software) or services included on or otherwise made available to you through this site, including, but not limited to direct, indirect, incidental, punitive, and consequential damages, unless otherwise specified in writing. this site and all information, content, materials, products (including software) and services included on or otherwise made available to you through this site are provided by backcountry on an "as is" and "as available" basis, unless otherwise specified in writing. backcountry makes no representations or warranties of any kind, express or implied, as to the operation of this site or the information, content, materials, products (including software) or services included on or otherwise made available to you through this site, unless otherwise specified in writing. you expressly agree that your use of this site is at your sole risk. certain state laws do not allow limitations on implied warranties or the exclusion or limitation of certain damages. if these laws apply to you, some or all of the above disclaimers, exclusions, or limitations may not apply to you, and you might have additional rights. claims against backcountry if you have a claim against backcountry, you agree that it will be resolved by binding arbitration. this means that you give up your right to sue us in a court of law, except that you may bring a claim in small claims court if your claim qualifies to be heard there. any arbitration will be conducted and governed by the utah arbitration act. you also agree not to bring a class action suit against backcountry, and we each waive any right to a jury trial in any dispute. the above does not preclude any party from bringing an action to such equitable relief, if that is the only available appropriate relief under the circumstances. applicable law the law of the state of utah and federal law to the extent applicable governs the use of backcountry sites. any claim which qualifies to be filed in a court of law will be heard exclusively in the utah state court, summit county, utah. backcountry's right to amend and remove policies backcountry has the right to modify, amend or delete any policy posted on its sites at any time or for any reason. if a court deems any policy or provision void or unenforceable, the remaining provisions and policies shall remain valid and enforceable. backcountry's address backcountry.com, inc. attn: legal department 1678 west redstone center drive park city, ut 84098 email: legal@backcountry.com need help? talk to our gearheads 24/7 about all of your gear related needs. live chat call: 1.800.409.4502 1.800.233.7159 stay in the know sign up to get backcountry.com news, sales and deals: news letter get news unsubscribe put a goat on it helmet, water bottle, car window, kayak, you name it. put a goat on it. send me a sticker faqs how do i make a return? i just bought an item at full price and now it's on sale. what can i do? what is your international shipping policy? do you charge sales tax? when can i expect my stuff? where can i download the app? more questions and answers in our help center about us what is backcountry.com? group sales land your dream job affiliate program advertise with us privacy policy site map legal notices learning resources what's wrong with this page? gift certificates give the gift of everything. search home just in men's women's kids' hike & camp bike climb ski snowboard download the app beanies goggles men's ski jackets men's ski pants baselayers & underwear the north face jackets sleeping bags backpacks gopro hero4 marmot precip jacket black diamond cam set apex bionic jacket prana stretch pants the north face duffel atom lt hooded jacket oso hooded fleece backcountry.com like us on facebook follow our tweets @backcountrycom find us on google+ +backcountry rss feeds - gear questions, reviews, photos, and videos . © backcountry.com – all rights reserved  siteid: 1 sitecode: bcs transient: true sec status: 0 catalog: catalog:bcs pricelist: pricelist:listprices salepricelist: pricelist:saleprices isdev: no is mobile (touch): no protocol: http port: 80 storeserverurl: http:///store/content/contentlanding.jsp securestoreserverurl: http://www.backcountry.com request locale:en_us profile locale: template parameters navigation: /navigation/categoriesnav.jsp header: /includes/header.jsp navigationflyouts: /navigation/categoriesnavflyout.jsp sitename: backcountry.com pagestart: /includes/pagestart.jsp footer: /includes/footer.jsp displayname: /includes/displayname.jsp productdisplaybox: /catalog/include/productdisplaybox.jsp pageend: /includes/pageend.jsp template inheritance tree /backcountry/layout/templates/bcs/standardpage /backcountry/layout/templates/standardpage