来源URL: https://web.archive.org/web/20151231135230/http://www.backcountry.com/hike-camp
================================================================================

hiking & camping gear - tents, backpacks, etc. | backcountry.com e-mail password reset password sign in cancel signing in new here? create a new account create a new account your name will be publicly displayed with all posts. e-mail ex: johndoe@gmail.com password verify password: passwords are case-sensitive, and must be at least 8 characters in length. create account have an account? login homeshopgearheadarticlessteep & cheapaccountlive chat 1-855-461-8660 backcountry.com brands men women kids activities exclusives outlet the north face patagonia marmot arc'teryx black diamond prana la sportiva basin and range mountain hardwear view all brands clothing footwear accessories shop by activity clothing footwear accessories shop by activity boys girls toddlers & infants accessories sale ski snowboard fitness bike climb fly fish hike & camp paddle snowshoe run surf travel gear brands products men women kids shop by activity jackets hoodies & sweaters shirts pants shorts baselayers underwear swimwear boots shoes sandals slippers socks all head & neck wear eyewear gloves & mittens electronics watches backpacks & bags blankets all ski snowboard fitness hike & camp climb run fly fish bike jackets tops pants shorts dresses & skirts baselayers underwear swimwear boots shoes sandals slippers socks all head & neck wear eyewear gloves & mittens electronics watches handbags backpacks blankets all ski snowboard fitness climb hike & camp bike run outerwear clothing footwear outerwear clothing footwear outerwear clothing footwear headwear eyewear gloves & mittens strollers & joggers backcountry basin and range folsom skis haglöfs houdini norrøna uber white dot skis men women kids footwear accessories hike & camp ski snowboard outerwear clothing footwear accessories outerwear clothing footwear accessories boys' clothing girls' clothing toddler infant accessories hike & camp bike ski snowboard paddle fly fish hire a local adventure guide norcal utah colorado northeast all places gear tips culture swiss precisionmountain force outerweardiscover haglofstop scandinavian outerwear, only on backcountrythe backstory: danner bootssince 1932explore everythingjackets for every adventurebaby, it's cold outsidebuntings from top brandsbuilt for the coldest winters on earthall- new canada goose the 2016 ski showcasehand-picked & employee-tested the 2016 snowboard showcasehand-picked & employee-tested the winter glove guideour best gloves from top brandsbasin and rangeclothing inspired by mountain town lifewhitedot skisthe perfect range of freeride skishaglöfsthe scandinavian benchmark in outerwearwomen's outlet dealsfrom 60% - 80% offmen's outlet dealsfrom 60% - 80% off give your friends $10 free shipping on orders over $50* new year, new dealsup to 50% offshop now › the 2015 backpacking showcaseessential gear for getting into the backcountryshop now > warm, dry, & going placessnowshoes & boots for winter adventureshop now › hiking & camping gear more brands... acr adidas adventure medical alchemy equipment alfred a. knopf alpineaire alps mountaineering amphipod arc'teryx armada arva aspectsolar astral atlas aussie naturals avex backcountry access backpacker's pantry baggu barebones bear vault big agnes billabong biolite black diamond brixton brooks england brooks-range brunton burton byer of maine camelbak camp chef camp usa candygrind chrome cleanwaste clifbar coalatree organics coleman cotopaxi counter assault crazy creek crkt crux dakine dc delorme deuter doc's skin care drinktanks dublin dog dynafit eagle creek eagles nest outfitters easton mountain products eco vessel element enervit epic bar eureka exped exped extrasport falcon guides fenix filson first endurance fjallraven foster huntington frye fuel belt garmin gerber goal zero grand trunk granite gear grayl green guru gear gregory gsi outdoors gu haglöfs hammer nutrition hammock bliss harmony helinox herschel supply hex honey stinger hultafors hults bruk hurley hydrapak hydro flask hydro photon jack wolfskin jansport jetboil jones snowboards katadyn kate's real food kelty kershaw knives king coal propaganda kiss my face klean kanteen klymit komperdell kurgo lafuma lawson hammock leatherman leki lezyne life straw lifefactory light & motion lowe alpine luminaid magellan mammut marmot menasha ridge press metolius millet mizu moon mountain equipment mountain hardwear mountain house mountainsmith msr nalgene nathan national geographic maps: trails illustrated nemo equipment inc. nike nikwax nite ize nixon norrøna nrs nuun oakley omnibar opinel optimus orion osprey packs outdoor research packtowl pacsafe paha que patagonia pendleton petzl platypus poler primus primus princeton tec quiksilver rab ride roam roark revival rome roxy ruffwear salewa salomon sawyer scrubba sea to summit sealline selk'bag usa, inc. sierra designs silva skratch labs snow peak sondergut roll-up travel games specialized water bottles spot stackpole stanley steiner stohlquist sun bum sunnylife surface products suunto tentsile tepui terra nova the mountaineers books the north face therm-a-rest thule thule chariot timbuk2 topo designs trango travelchair twin six tyr uk pro ultimate direction ultimate survival technologies ultraspire united by blue valandre vans vaude victorinox volcom w. w. norton & co. watershed west paw design western mountaineering wetfly will leather goods wolfgang man & beast yeti best sellersperennial favorites from every categoryview allmarmotlimelight tent with footprint and gear loft: 3-person 3-season sale $209.21 $278.9525% off4.55114backcountry accessbc link$149.954.5521marmothelium sleeping bag: 15 degree downsale $366.71 $488.9525% off4.558the north faceborealis backpack - women's - 1526cu insale $66.71 - $88.95552marmotlimelight tent with footprint and gear loft: 4-person 3-season sale $276.71 $368.9525% off4.5533yetirambler lowball - 10oz$24.994.554yetihopper 30 cooler$349.994.555therm-a-restneoair xtherm sleeping pad$199.95557marmottrestles 15 sleeping bag: 15 degree synthetic$108.95 - $128.954.5529therm-a-restneoair xlite sleeping pad$129.954.5518marmoteos 1p tent: 1-person 3-seasonsale $186.71 $248.9525% off558the north facejester backpack - 1587cu insale from $55.21 $64.9515% off453the north faceve 25 tent: 3-person 4-seasonsale $602.06 $668.9510% off5512western mountaineeringversalite sleeping bag: 10 degree down$559.95 - $589.955537big agnescopper spur ul4 tent: 4-person 3-seasonsale $359.97 $599.9540% off4.553new arrivalsthe newest arrivals in gear & clothingview allklymitmotion 60 backpack$149.95keltysanitas 34 backpack - kids' - 2075cu in$119.95black diamondmoji xp lantern$29.95black diamondion headlamp$24.95polersandwich maker$52.95polerone man tent with waterproof rain fly$179.95polertwo man tent with waterproof rain fly$249.95hults brukaneby hatchet$154.00hults bruksalen hatchet$99.00hults brukmotala double bit axe$379.00hults brukkisa felling axe$154.00gsi outdoorscolandersale $8.97 $14.9540% offgsi outdoorsnesting martini glass - 6ozsale $4.50 $7.5040% offgsi outdoorsstemless wine glass - 10ozsale $3.90 $6.5040% offgsi outdoorsfiesta candle lanternsale $8.97 $14.9540% off passionate about ? follow for a more personalized experience on backcountry. premium outdoor gear & clothing shop the hike & camp catalog sleeping bags down sleeping bags synthetic sleeping bags bivy sacks kids' sleeping bags sleeping bag liners tents 3-season tents 4-season tents roof-top tents single wall tents shelters, tarps, & screen rooms backpacks daypacks backpacking backpacks travel backpacks sleeping pads lightweight sleep pads campground sleep pads midweight sleep pads sleeping pad accessories camping pillows camp kitchen pots & pans flatware & utensils cups, mugs, & flasks coffee & tea pots plates & bowls hydration water bottles water filters water purification water bladders & reservoirs hydration packs hiking & camping accessories trekking poles dog packs & accessories camp towels batteries & solar power wilderness first aid lighting headlamps and accessories lanterns handheld flashlights batteries & solar power camp furniture hammocks camping chairs campground tables cots showers navigation gps compasses binoculars & monoculars personal locator beacons altimeters shop all hiking & camping gear explore: hike & camp overview guide video the 2015 backpacking guide check out the new and exciting backpacking gear for 2015 in the backcountry 2015 backpacking guide. view the 2015 backpacking guide guide how to choose the right camping sleep system a basic sleep system consists of two parts: a sleep platform and a sleeping bag. the sleep platform is the outdoor version of your mattress, and it will sit between your sleeping bag and the ground to cushion your body and to insulate against the cold. sleep platforms come in several styles: cots, air mattresses, sleeping pads, and hammocks. learn which system is right for you guide warmth to the wise: temperature rating s for sleeping bags decoded prior to the widespread adoption of the en testing standard for sleeping bags, manufacturers assigned temperature ratings to sleeping bags based on their own testing methods and standards—which included everything from sleeping in a meat locker to real-world testing experience. because of the variation in different brands’ testing methods, which produced ratings ranging from conservative to inflated, these in-house ratings were at best a rough guide for picking the right sleeping bag, and they made it nearly impossible to reliably compare sleeping bags across brands. learn more how to take care of your sleeping bag video how to choose a backpacking tent from bivies to full blown four-season shelters, jason walks you through the basics behind choosing the perfect backpacking tent. we cover the nitty gritty details of bivy sacks, shelters and tarps, ultralight backpacking tents, traditional backpacking tents, and four-season tents—if jason doesn’t answer your questions, our gearheads at backcountry.com definitely can. video the 2015 backpacking guide check out the new and exciting backpacking gear for 2015 in the backcountry 2015 backpacking guide. view the 2015 backpacking guide how to choose the right camping sleep system a basic sleep system consists of two parts: a sleep platform and a sleeping bag. the sleep platform is the outdoor version of your mattress, and it will sit between your sleeping bag and the ground to cushion your body and to insulate against the cold. sleep platforms come in several styles: cots, air mattresses, sleeping pads, and hammocks. learn which system is right for you navigation 101 - using a compass and a map today’s digital reliance on gps navigation has all but relegated compass and map use to hardcore outdoor enthusiasts, orienteering clubs, and geography buffs. using your cell phone’s gps is fast and effective if you’re within cell range or you cache (download) maps for offline use. better yet, bringing a gps receiver that’s compatible with the russian glonass system offers even faster location pinpointing and better overall accuracy, thanks to its additional 24 satellites. that being said, both cell phones and gps receivers rely on technology that’s subject to failure, whether you forget to charge a battery or inevitably drop your precious gadget in a river or on a rock. knowing the basics of compass and map use not only provide backup navigation if you’re deep in the wilderness, but they also offer a fun and refreshingly simple way to navigate. polish your map reading skills and practice the following navigational tips next time you’re hiking or orienteering through your favorite natural area. learn more camp gourmet: dutch oven & stovetop favorites almost anything tastes good after a long day in the mountains. hot dogs, hobo dinners, and instant oatmeal rarely disappoint, but if you have the luxury of bringing along a camp kitchen chuck box and really want to knock the socks off your fellow campers, these dutch oven and stovetop recipes are sure to do the trick. learn more warmth to the wise: temperature rating s for sleeping bags decoded prior to the widespread adoption of the en testing standard for sleeping bags, manufacturers assigned temperature ratings to sleeping bags based on their own testing methods and standards—which included everything from sleeping in a meat locker to real-world testing experience. because of the variation in different brands’ testing methods, which produced ratings ranging from conservative to inflated, these in-house ratings were at best a rough guide for picking the right sleeping bag, and they made it nearly impossible to reliably compare sleeping bags across brands. learn more how to take care of your sleeping bag how to choose a backpacking tent from bivies to full blown four-season shelters, jason walks you through the basics behind choosing the perfect backpacking tent. we cover the nitty gritty details of bivy sacks, shelters and tarps, ultralight backpacking tents, traditional backpacking tents, and four-season tents—if jason doesn’t answer your questions, our gearheads at backcountry.com definitely can. subscribe to the hiking & camping gear rss feed. receive every article in your reader. hiking & camping gear 4.5 5.0 1,309 hiking & camping gear products have an average rating of 4.5 / 5.0 from 1,309 reviews. unanswered questions our community members have questions on gear. do you have the answers? help other members out and serve up your gear expertise. view recent questions write a review your review title is required. choose a photo file choose a video file no file chosen rather attach a photo from another website? rather attach a photo from your computer? add a: share a photo share a video familiarity: --share how you have used it-- i've put it through the wringer i've used it several times i've used it once or twice and have initial impressions i returned this product before using it i gave it as a gift but have feedback to share only jpg, jpeg, png, gif or bmp files please. submit cancel all activities bike climb fly fish hike & camp paddle run ski snowboard snowshoe travel toggle all topics: all places gear tips culture author: all backcountry gearheads athletes media: all articles videos pace measom november 25, 2015 read more facebook twitter google+ email 2015 gift guide: gifts that get better with age the discerning gift giver knows that the best gifts—like good cheese or fine whiskey—get better with age. we’re talking about items crafted from leather, wool, canvas, and steel—materials that feel better, fit better, and look better the more they’re used. over time they acquire character, stories, and charm. not only will these gifts keep giving year-round, they’ll keep giving for years to come. red wing heritage boots red wing boots are cut from the finest american leather, triple-stitched on 100-year-old puritan sewing machines, and made by skilled craftsmen in red wing, minnesota, usa. these are the real deal—you won’t find [...] kyle livingston november 18, 2015 read more facebook twitter google+ email an intro to outdoor jackets we all have our favorite outdoor pursuit, and arguably the most important piece of our gear kit for that pursuit is the jacket. hikers, climbers, skiers, snowboarders, bikers, or mountaineers have to protect themselves from the elements, but gone are the days of one jacket that works for everything. for example, i use a gore-tex 3-layer shell layered with a down jacket for skiing but a lightweight softshell for backpacking and hiking and another jacket for around town. to get you started on the path to understanding your jacket options, we’ve outlined the five most basic styles. the shell jacket [...] pace measom november 12, 2015 read more facebook twitter google+ email 2015 gift guide: 10 gifts you can’t get anywhere else after 20 years of working with the best outdoor brands on the planet, we’ve forged relationships that allow us to collaborate with their design teams, bringing you unique and exclusive products you simply can’t find anywhere else. exclusivefilson down cruiser parka the signature filson heritage he’ll love in a versatile, go-anywhere flat black color—and you can only get it at backcountry. filson was founded in 1897 to outfit northbound fortune-seekers with reliable clothing for the great klondike gold rush. fast-forward 118 years and a lot of filson’s apparel still bears a striking resemblance to the clothing of the past. filson [...] pace measom october 29, 2015 read more facebook twitter google+ email camp gourmet: high-alpine brook trout clothing supplied by roark revival why trout? backpacking fare is often limited to energy bars and freeze-dried meals, but it doesn’t have to be. in cold-water lakes and streams, stretching from the adirondacks in new york to the high sierra in california, you’ll find trout. and for more than a few reasons, these fish are an ideal food source when you’re out in the wild. nutrition whether you’re backpacking or camping, you burn a lot of calories, requiring a meal that’s high in fat and protein. a 3-ounce serving of wild trout supplies 130 calories, nearly 20 grams of protein, [...] jared downs september 11, 2015 read more facebook twitter google+ email how to choose a first-aid kit we’re often not very good at planning for the worst, and fail to plan ahead for emergencies when we’re heading outdoors. after all, what could go wrong? the answer is, “plenty.” having a first-aid kit handy is an essential component of your equipment because it can make all the difference if and when a serious situation arises, or even when you just need to tend to a minor problem. in 2007 i began backpacking and as time went on i realized there were many things that i either did not know or situations i was not properly equipped to handle. [...] lexi d. august 10, 2015 read more facebook twitter google+ email backcountry journal: fossil hunting in utah’s high desert the high desert of western utah looks the way you’d expect it to: dry, rugged, and desolate. but it hasn’t always been that way; 500 million years ago this place looked like the bahamas, covered in a warm, shallow sea. trilobites, distant ancestors of crabs and lobsters, crawled around on the reefs in this sea, and their hard shells made them prime candidates for fossilization. one of the best spots in the world for hunting trilobite fossils can be found in the foothills of utah’s house mountain range, embedded in a layer of limestone called the wheeler shale formation. to [...] emily jenson august 4, 2015 jared downs july 31, 2015 clean water in the backcountry: choosing a system having access to clean water and a hydration plan are imperative to a successful camping or backpacking trip. experienced outdoorsman and expert gearhead jared downs shares some strategies here for staying hydrated in the backcountry.  access to clean water is essential to extended outdoor pursuits; we require substantial amounts of water (minimum two liters a day) to stay healthy. unfortunately, water sources are often impacted in ways that can make drinking from them a bad idea. whether it is an outhouse located too close to a water source, contamination by livestock or wild animals, or poor sanitation in a developing [...] emily jenson july 27, 2015 read more facebook twitter google+ email the right gear for getting outdoors with kids you love and appreciate the outdoors, and you want to share it with your littles—not only bringing them along when you head outside, but also fostering in them the same enjoyment of outdoor activities. outfitting them in the proper gear will increase their enjoyment, maximize the chances that they start developing a love of the outdoors, and at the same time keep them safe. backcountry expert gearhead emily jensen surveys some must-have gear for active parents and kids. my parents set a good example for us by always getting outdoors. they introduced me and my five other siblings to everything [...] pace measom july 17, 2015 read more facebook twitter google+ email backcountry journal: camp coffee systems camping is a good excuse to shed the trappings of modern life like your smartphone and laptop. but you shouldn’t have to leave behind a quality cup of coffee. cowboy coffee has a certain nostalgic charm if you’re ok with chewing grounds throughout the day, and instant coffee packets are attractive for their convenience. but if you’re accustomed to high-quality brew every morning, these options will most certainly leave a disappointing taste in your mouth. fortunately, there are some amazing camp coffee systems that make it easy to brew a first-rate cup anywhere. we assembled a collection of the best [...] ben rabinowitz july 17, 2015 read more facebook twitter google+ email how to choose a camp lantern spending a night outdoors is something everyone should experience. sitting by the fire and laughing with friends is where friendships really grow. while the night can be magical and mysterious, the dark can be difficult to navigate. tripping over chairs and fumbling through packs can be a real pain. lanterns are a crucial piece of camping gear to light your way. in this article i’ll walk you through the different types of lanterns and how to choose the right product for your needs. lanterns are also great at home for emergency preparedness or a survival kit. what kind of light [...] lisa e july 6, 2015 read more facebook twitter google+ email how to choose a backpacking pack selecting a backpacking pack that fits your frame and your needs isn’t always easy. backcountry expert gearhead lisa edlund breaks this down into the basics you need to know to make the right choice. nothing quite compares to the experience of heading off into nature with a pack on your back that contains just the essentials. this truly makes you aware of how simple life can be. but picking that backpack for your adventure can be anything but simple. there is a wide range of pack options out there, making it daunting for beginners and experienced backpackers alike. the first [...] lexi d. july 2, 2015 read more facebook twitter google+ email give a flock: why women need wool whether it’s in the form of a lightweight baselayer or stylish pea coat, you really can’t go wrong with wool. it has been around for centuries—millennia, even—yet it continues to outperform many of today’s high-tech synthetics. but before we get into why wool is so amazing, banish from your mind the image of scratchy sweaters that exude the essence wet sheep upon first contact with snow or drizzle. that’s not the kind of wool we’re talking about here. we’re concerned with merino wool—also known as nature’s miracle fiber—but lambswool and high-quality wool blends are worth a mention, too. what makes [...] pace measom june 30, 2015 read more facebook twitter google+ email backcountry journal: romance in the wild romance in the wild is a bit of two-edged sword. it’s true that wilderness has a certain romantic charm—think of a crackling campfire, a stunning sunset, and the cool evening breeze that encourages two love-struck souls to draw closer together. but it’s equally true that camping presents would-be romantics with certain challenges—think of constricting mummy bags, rash-inducing plants, biting insects, and camp meals that send your innards in a death spiral. as it turns out, there’s a lot of good gear that can help improve the not-so-romantic aspects of the campground. to put some of the best to the test, [...] kyle livingston june 1, 2015 read more facebook twitter google+ email backpacking 101: planning and outfitting your trip we are all drawn the open trail, our gear on our back and map in hand searching for some solitude next to a campfire far beyond the lights of the city. when you decide to leave the campground behind and make the leap to the backcountry, there is a lot to consider. my first backpack was a hand-me-down gregory and it took me years to accumulate the necessary gear to support me in the wilderness as a bona-fide backpacker. loading up your pack, leaving the car far behind, and carrying everything you need on your back combine to raise the [...] pace measom may 20, 2015 read more facebook twitter google+ email backcountry journal: cosmic adventure on the spiral jetty the remote northern end of the great salt lake in utah is a stark, otherworldly place. microbes imbue the water with a rusty red color that’s reminiscent of mars. delicate salt crystals grow on black basalt rocks spewed from ancient volcanoes. signs of life are scarce. extending from the shore near rozel point is a jetty made of black basalt boulders. it’s 15 feet wide and 1500 feet long, snaking outward and bending counterclockwise in great cosmic spiral. this is robert smithson’s spiral jetty. smithson helped pioneer the concept of creating earthwork sculptures on a monumental scale, outside the confines [...] ben rabinowitz may 13, 2015 how to choose a backpacking tent whether you’re a camping novice, a seasoned ultra-light backpacker, or living out of your tent on a road trip, having the right tent is important. backcountry expert gearhead ben rabinowitz walks us though the process of selecting the right tent: there are many different types of tents out there, and choosing the right one will ensure a better camping experience. a tent, after all, is quite literally your “home away from home.” in this article i’ll walk you through the different constructions, sizes, weights, and features. i’ll also go into some alternatives. while each adventurer has his or her own [...] jared downs may 8, 2015 read more facebook twitter google+ email how to choose a headlamp no matter what your sport or activity, a headlamp is a critical piece of gear for your kit. not just any headlamp will do; headlamp capabilities vary greatly, and you want to be sure to select the proper headlamp for your use. backcountry expert gearhead jared downs breaks down your headlamp options below. headlamp selection does matter. for example, i do my best to get out trad climbing on a regular basis, and occasionally i run into dusk. last summer i found myself on the fourth pitch of a multi-pitch climb, here in the wasatch called “eleventh hour.” getting a [...] lexi d. april 28, 2015 read more facebook twitter google+ email a blanket statement in the gentle rolling hills of eastern oregon, along the umatilla river, you’ll find the old frontier town of pendleton, oregon. for over 100 years and through six generations of family ownership, the pendleton woolen mill has cranked out beautiful woolen goods that reflect the culture and heritage of the american west. i received my first pendleton blanket two birthdays ago, carefully tucked among clumps of newspaper in a modest cardboard box with scant trimmings. the box was big, with ‘happy birthday, cowgirl’ scrawled in black ink across the lid; i had no inkling of what lay inside. pulling out [...] curtis jensen april 25, 2015 read more facebook twitter google+ email what the hell is softshell? above photo by ian matteson can a softshell replace your trusty hardshell in sustained rain or snowfall? probably not. what softshells do best is keep you warm and dry while your heart rate is up in windy and/or damp weather.  what is “softshell”? “softshell” is a class of knit or woven materials, made from polyester and nylon, used to make technical outdoor clothing that essentially bridges the gap between waterproof hardshell jackets and highly breathable fleece jackets. they’re more breathable (but less water and wind resistant), more flexible, and generally more durable than hardshell materials, and more protective than fleece. [...] lexi d. april 10, 2015 read more facebook twitter google+ email you said it: our community’s favorite ruffwear gear when you escape the office and break your furry friend out of the doghouse, adventure will nearly always ensue. but long days outside navigating rugged terrain can take a toll not only on you, but on your pup as well. you’ve probably kitted yourself out with fancy trail runners or hiking shoes, a hydration vest, and a rain shell to fend off the elements—but what about your dog? outfitting your dog properly can make the difference between a pleasant backcountry weekend and having to carry your dog back to civilization over miles of rugged terrain. we love the brand ruffwear, [...] jared downs march 25, 2015 read more facebook twitter google+ email outfitting an appalachian trail through-hike there comes a time in many people’s lives when things need a little shaking up; that feeling overcame henry wasserman in 2013. he was a 34-year veteran of the financial services industry, but it was losing its appeal, despite several career moves within the sector; where he found himself did not line up with who he wanted to be. the desk was taking a toll on henry’s physical health, too. it was time to break away from his desk and hit the trail, time for a mental cleanse and a renewed focus on his health. he began thinking of taking [...] kim havell march 5, 2015 read more facebook twitter google+ email exploring the cordillera vilcabamba, part 2 – the trek last november, jackson hole ski patroller pete linn and i traveled to peru to explore the salkantay trail (st), an alternate route to the popular and crowded inca trail to machu picchu. as guides ourselves, we opted to do the trip without an outfitter to have the freedom to move on our terms. it was a last-minute decision, so we only had a couple of weeks of planning and preparation before we found ourselves in peru, ready to embark on adventure. part 1: packing for purpose part 2: the trek we had flown from lima to cusco, spent two nights [...] kim havell february 13, 2015 read more facebook twitter google+ email trekking peru’s cordillera vilcabamba, part 1 – packing for purpose three weeks before i was due to go to antarctica for my third trip to ski-guide for ice axe expeditions last fall, my plans fell through thanks to last-minute guest changes. i was still itching to go somewhere, so i turned my focus to a new project. the goals were to find an adventure, check out new mountains, do some ski reconnaissance, and embrace and enjoy a new culture. my partner, jackson hole ski patroller pete linn, and i honed in on peru, and then quickly found the perfect challenge. national geographic lists the salkantay trail (st) as one of [...] 1 2 3 4 next discover more need help? talk to our gearheads 24/7 about your needs.1.800.233.7159live chatlive chatlive chat unavailablecall: 1.800.409.4502stay in the knowsign up for backcountry news, sales and deals sign up for backcountry news, sales and dealsnews letter get newsunsubscribeput a goat on ithelmet, bumper, you name it. put a goat on it.send me a stickershop by categoryorder statussend me a stickergive your friends $10refer your friendsgift certificatesgive an e-gift certificatepopular pages home men's clothing women's clothing kids' clothing hike & camp bike run climb ski snowboard paddle fly fishing download the app mountain hardwear ghost whisperer jacket gopro hero4 silver edition sorel joan of arctic boot the north face apex bionic softshell jacket oakley frogskins sunglasses the north face aconcagua down jacket garmin forerunner 220 the north face denali fleece jacket the north face arctic down parka resources returns order status sale item policy sales tax policy updated privacy policy international shipping policy learning resources more faqs in our help center about backcountryabout backcountrygroup salesland your dream jobaffiliate programadvertise with ussite mapwhat's wrong with this page?facebooklike us on facebooktwitter@backcountrycominstagram@backcountrycomgoogle plus+backcountrydownload the backcountry app.© backcountry.com – all rights reserved   siteid: 1 sitecode: bcs transient: true sec status: 0 catalog: catalog:bcs pricelist: pricelist:listprices salepricelist: pricelist:saleprices isdev: no is mobile (touch): no protocol: http port: 80 storeserverurl: http:///store/catalog/categorylanding.jsp securestoreserverurl: http://www.backcountry.com request locale:en_us_1 profile locale: template parameters navigation: /navigation/categoriesnav.jsp header: /includes/header.jsp navigationflyouts: /navigation/categoriesnavflyout.jsp sitename: backcountry.com defaultbody: /catalog/bcs/include/categorypage.jsp pagestart: /includes/pagestart.jsp footer: /includes/bcs/footer.jsp logourl: /images/bcs/bc-logo.png displayname: /includes/displayname.jsp pageend: /includes/pageend.jsp productdisplaybox: /catalog/include/productdisplaybox.jsp template inheritance tree /backcountry/layout/templates/bcs/categoryhomepage /backcountry/layout/templates/bcs/standardpage /backcountry/layout/templates/standardpage