来源URL: https://web.archive.org/web/20151231135230/http://www.backcountry.com/ski
================================================================================

ski gear & equipment - clothing & hardware | backcountry.com e-mail password reset password sign in cancel signing in new here? create a new account create a new account your name will be publicly displayed with all posts. e-mail ex: johndoe@gmail.com password verify password: passwords are case-sensitive, and must be at least 8 characters in length. create account have an account? login homeshopgearheadarticlessteep & cheapaccountlive chat 1-855-712-0512 backcountry.com brands men women kids activities exclusives outlet the north face patagonia marmot arc'teryx black diamond prana la sportiva basin and range mountain hardwear view all brands clothing footwear accessories shop by activity clothing footwear accessories shop by activity boys girls toddlers & infants accessories sale ski snowboard fitness bike climb fly fish hike & camp paddle snowshoe run surf travel gear brands products men women kids shop by activity jackets hoodies & sweaters shirts pants shorts baselayers underwear swimwear boots shoes sandals slippers socks all head & neck wear eyewear gloves & mittens electronics watches backpacks & bags blankets all ski snowboard fitness hike & camp climb run fly fish bike jackets tops pants shorts dresses & skirts baselayers underwear swimwear boots shoes sandals slippers socks all head & neck wear eyewear gloves & mittens electronics watches handbags backpacks blankets all ski snowboard fitness climb hike & camp bike run outerwear clothing footwear outerwear clothing footwear outerwear clothing footwear headwear eyewear gloves & mittens strollers & joggers backcountry basin and range folsom skis haglöfs houdini norrøna uber white dot skis men women kids footwear accessories hike & camp ski snowboard outerwear clothing footwear accessories outerwear clothing footwear accessories boys' clothing girls' clothing toddler infant accessories hike & camp bike ski snowboard paddle fly fish hire a local adventure guide norcal utah colorado northeast all places gear tips culture swiss precisionmountain force outerweardiscover haglofstop scandinavian outerwear, only on backcountrythe backstory: danner bootssince 1932explore everythingjackets for every adventurebuilt for the coldest winters on earthall- new canada goose baby, it's cold outsidebuntings from top brandsthe winter glove guideour best gloves from top brandsthe 2016 ski showcasehand-picked & employee-tested the 2016 snowboard showcasehand-picked & employee-tested basin and rangeclothing inspired by mountain town lifewhitedot skisthe perfect range of freeride skishaglöfsthe scandinavian benchmark in outerwearwomen's outlet dealsfrom 60% - 80% offmen's outlet dealsfrom 60% - 80% off give your friends $10 free shipping on orders over $50* new year, new dealsup to 50% offshop now › the 2016 ski showcasehand-picked & employee-testedshop now › designed for the descentthe arc'teryx whiteline collectionshop now › bigger is better new big mountain freeride skisshop now › be ready trusted avy safety by backcountry access shop now › fresh gear, fresh tracksbackcountry ski gear from top brandsshop now › stay safe out therejetforce & avalung packs, pieps beacons, & moreshop now › ski & snowboard accessoriesgloves, goggles, helmets, & moreshop helmets & goggles ›shop bags ›shop gloves & mittens ›shop boot accessories › avalanchesafety essentialsairbag packs, beacons, probes, & more shop now › skis - gear & apparel more brands... 100% 22 designs 2xu 3d robotics 4frnt skis 686 abom abs avalanche rescue devices airblaster airhole alpina american mountain co. amplid analog anon apis arc'teryx armada arva ashbury eyewear asics astis athletic recon atomic b by burton b&r backcountry backcountry access basin and range bench berghaus bern bigtruck brand billabong black crows black diamond blackstrap blizzard bogner - fire+ice bogner sport bolle brixton brooks-range buff bula burton camp usa canada goose capo castelli celtek clwr coal columbia craft cw-x dainese dakine dakota grizzly dalbello sports dc de marchi demon snow discrete dps skis dragon duckworth dynafit dynastar eider eira elan electric exofficio faction skis falke filson fischer fjallraven flylow gear folsom skis free people fritschi diamir full tilt g-form g3 giordana giro goorin brothers gopro gordini gore bike wear haglöfs hat attack head skis usa helly hansen hestra hincapie sportswear hippy tree holden homeschool hotronic houdini hurley ibex icebreaker icelantic icny intuition jack wolfskin joystick julbo k2 kamik apparel kastle kavu kerma kohla komperdell l.a.m.b. la sportiva lange lazer le bent leatherman leki lenz lib technologies liberty line lolë look louis garneau lucy maloja mammut marker marmot mavic millet minus 33 moment mons royale montana montane mountain equipment mountain force mountain hardwear mountain khakis movement skis mypakage neff nike nixon nordica norrøna o'neill oakley obermeyer oneballjay orage ortovox outdoor research patagonia pearl izumi pendleton pieps pinarello pistil planks clothing poc poler pomoca pow gloves prana pret helmets quiksilver rab reusch revo rhone ride rome rossignol rottefella roxa roxy rvca saga salomon sandbox saucony saxx scarpa scott sealskinz seirus showers pass shred optics sidas simms six six one ski trab skratch labs smartwool smith snowpulse sony soul poles spacecraft sportful spy spyder stoic stormy kromer mercantile strafe outerwear sugoi sunday afternoons swany sweet protection swix tecnica teton gravity research the north face therm-ic thirtytwo timberland pro toad&co toko tomtom triple eight tyrolia ugg under armour utah avalanche center uvex vans victorinox voile volcom volkl vonzipper vsn westcomb whitedot woolrich zeal best sellersperennial favorites from every categoryview allthe north facefreedom lrbc insulated pant - women'ssale from $95.97 $159.9540% off355goprohero4 black edition$499.994.554the north facesally pant - women'ssale $79.16 $98.9520% off4523smithi/o 7 goggles with bonus lens$198.955521the north facefreedom insulated pant - men's$159.954.5525the north faceapex elevation softshell jacket - men'ssale $169.11 - $198.95554the north facefreedom pant - men's$139.954521smithvantage helmet$219.95558backcountrybackcountry exclusive - climbing skinsale from $95.96 $134.95exclusive4.5548backcountry accessfloat 32 airbag backpack - 1953cu in$550.004.5524flylow gearbaker bib pant - men's$374.955518backcountry accesstracker3 avalanche beacon$335.005516arc'teryxrush jacket - men's$598.955524norrønabackcountry exclusive - lofoten gore-tex pro shell jacket - men's$660.00exclusive4.5512backcountry accesstracker 2 avalanche package$379.95552new arrivalsthe newest arrivals in gear & clothingview allla sportivagts 2.0 alpine touring ski - women's$628.95la sportivaspitfire 2.0 alpine touring boot$898.95alpinarsk skate boot$249.95abomanti-fog goggle$249.95pranaeverly headbandsale $11.16 $13.9520% offmarkerkingpin tlt heel adapter$50.00551duckworthpowder high neck top - women's$129.95anonkeira swarovski helmet - women's$239.95giroclassic cotton grinduro cap$17.95atomicbackland at boot stiff tongue$40.00salomons-lab carbon nordic ski pole$279.95ibexwoolies 1 bottoms - women's$79.95rossignolhero boot bag$119.95strafe outerwearbase camp hoodie - men's$144.95faction skischapter 116 ski$799.00 passionate about ? follow for a more personalized experience on backcountry. premium outdoor gear & clothing shop the ski catalog skiing skis women's skis kids' skis ski bindings & brakes ski poles telemark skiing climbing skins impact clothing telemark binding accessories telemark bindings telemark ski boots alpine touring alpine touring bindings alpine touring boots climbing skins alpine touring skis alpine touring skis - women's avalanche safety air bag packs & accessories avalanche beacons shovels probes snow study cross country skiing classic skiing skate skiing nordic touring vises & tuning accessories helmets & impact clothing ski helmets kids' ski helmets helmet and audio accessories women's ski helmets helmet cameras winter accessories ski poles ski & boot bags boot dryers & heaters climbing skins gaiters ski clothing men's ski clothing women's ski clothing kids' ski clothing toddler & infant ski clothing goggles & goggle accessories goggles women's goggles eyeware-compatible goggles kids' goggles goggle replacement lenses shop all skis - gear & apparel explore: ski overview guide video the 2016 ski showcase hand-picked and employee tested, check out the most noteworthy skis of the 2016 season. view the 2016 ski showcase guide how to choose the right ski if you’re just getting into skiing, or have been on the same skis for years, the terminology now used by retailers can be confusing. the good news is, the ski categories prescribed by retailers and manufacturers stay relatively consistent year to year, and for the most part, the skis themselves do fit into those roles. but what is the difference between all mountain, big mountain, backcountry (aka alpine touring or at), carving, powder, and park and pipe skis? and which one is right for you? a breakdown of these ski categories can help narrow your choice. learn more video how to choose the right ski length and width while there’s no equation that looks like (height x weight)/(skill level)√magical number = perfect length in the skiing world, there are a few tips that can point you in the right direction when you’re trying to figure out which length of ski is right for you. likewise, there’s no formula regarding width; the prevailing sentiment post-fat-ski-revolution seems to be, “ski the widest ski you can without sacrificing performance,” and as a generalization, we tend to agree. but should you ski on wider skis? and if so, how wide do you go? learn more guide how to choose a ski profile the profile shape of a ski is a primary determinant for how a ski will interact with the snow, making profile an important feature to consider when selecting a pair of skis. but with the seemingly inexhaustible supply of proprietary profile shapes that debut year after year, choosing the right profile can seem like a daunting task. worry not, the backcountry herd is here to help. video the 2016 ski showcase hand-picked and employee tested, check out the most noteworthy skis of the 2016 season. view the 2016 ski showcase how to choose the right ski length and width while there’s no equation that looks like (height x weight)/(skill level)√magical number = perfect length in the skiing world, there are a few tips that can point you in the right direction when you’re trying to figure out which length of ski is right for you. likewise, there’s no formula regarding width; the prevailing sentiment post-fat-ski-revolution seems to be, “ski the widest ski you can without sacrificing performance,” and as a generalization, we tend to agree. but should you ski on wider skis? and if so, how wide do you go? learn more how to lighten your touring setup the farther you go into the backcountry, the more fatigued you’ll feel dragging along heavy gear. here’s how to lighten your load without sacrificing performance. learn how to lighten your touring setup how to choose the right ski if you’re just getting into skiing, or have been on the same skis for years, the terminology now used by retailers can be confusing. the good news is, the ski categories prescribed by retailers and manufacturers stay relatively consistent year to year, and for the most part, the skis themselves do fit into those roles. but what is the difference between all mountain, big mountain, backcountry (aka alpine touring or at), carving, powder, and park and pipe skis? and which one is right for you? a breakdown of these ski categories can help narrow your choice. learn more how to choose a ski profile the profile shape of a ski is a primary determinant for how a ski will interact with the snow, making profile an important feature to consider when selecting a pair of skis. but with the seemingly inexhaustible supply of proprietary profile shapes that debut year after year, choosing the right profile can seem like a daunting task. worry not, the backcountry herd is here to help. how to choose an alpine ski boot selecting a new pair of ski boots can be a little overwhelming, to say the least. every year, ski companies roll out their shiny new boots, often with various flex, size, and width numbers slathered across the shells. if you’re wondering what it all means and how these numbers correspond to your specific skiing needs, we’ve assembled a little guide designed to help you make sense of these seemingly cryptic markings. learn more subscribe to the skis - gear & apparel rss feed. receive every article in your reader. skis - gear & apparel 4.8 5.0 1,108 skis - gear & apparel products have an average rating of 4.8 / 5.0 from 1,108 reviews. unanswered questions our community members have questions on gear. do you have the answers? help other members out and serve up your gear expertise. view recent questions write a review your review title is required. choose a photo file choose a video file no file chosen rather attach a photo from another website? rather attach a photo from your computer? add a: share a photo share a video familiarity: --share how you have used it-- i've put it through the wringer i've used it several times i've used it once or twice and have initial impressions i returned this product before using it i gave it as a gift but have feedback to share only jpg, jpeg, png, gif or bmp files please. submit cancel all activities bike climb fly fish hike & camp paddle run ski snowboard snowshoe travel toggle all topics: all places gear tips culture author: all backcountry gearheads athletes media: all articles videos pace measom december 29, 2015 read more facebook twitter google+ email how to choose avalanche safety gear having the right avalanche safety gear—and the know-how to use it—is critical before heading into the backcountry. learn how to choose the beacon, shovel, probe, and airbag pack that are right for you. beacons avalanche beacons, also known as transceivers, are essential for both transmitting your own location as well as finding others buried in the snow. today’s digital avalanche beacons are easier and faster to use than ever before. get one, practice like your life depends on it, and then do everything in your power to keep from having to use it. a beacon does not have to have [...] andrew mclean december 21, 2015 read more facebook twitter google+ email the powder police: keeping the backcountry safe in the past there has only been one golden rule for backcountry skiing: there are no friends on powder days. this is always said tongue-in-cheek and implies that powder days should be feeding frenzies where it’s every man for himself, but with the stratospheric rise in backcountry popularity, just the opposite is now true: there’s nothing but friends on powder days. or at least there should be. what used to take a week is now tracked out in a day. in popular areas with easy access like the central wasatch mountains, teton pass or tahoe the rise in backcountry skier [...] rachael burks december 18, 2015 read more facebook twitter google+ email expedition iceland: skiing the fjords in the past few years, iceland has been put on the map as a ski destination. there are a few helicopter operations based out of northwestern corner of the country, but overall, touring is the easiest way to ski iceland. in the winter, snow covers almost everything, making the ski possibilities endless; awe-inspiring views and adventure can be found everywhere. two of our crew had previously been to iceland and therefore could not wait to further explore this relatively off-the-radar ski destination. hence, it became our target for a trip spring of 2015. our crew of skiers and riders—julian carr, [...] lexi d. december 3, 2015 read more facebook twitter google+ email 2015 gift guide: gifts for women who rip the active women in your life will likely be spending time outdoors this winter at every opportunity. but it can be tricky to pick out the perfect gift for the women of winter. speaking from experience, here is a list of my favorite cold-weather gear and clothing suited for the active, winter-loving lady in your life, be she outside shredding in her natural habitat or indoors snuggled up fireside. on the mountain fischer ranger 98 ski in what may be my favorite quiver ski of all time, fischer has managed to put together a real solid set of sticks for [...] jared downs november 30, 2015 read more facebook twitter google+ email how to choose crampons when shopping for a new pair of crampons you’ll notice several different designs and configurations. each style has its strengths and weaknesses, as well as an intended use. whether you’re planning on climbing the dc route on mt. rainier or venturing into the wet and cold world of ice climbing, choosing the right crampon will keep your mind off the gear and on the objective ahead. attachment type there are three types of attachment systems for modern crampons: step-in, hybrid, and strap-on. step-in crampons step-in crampons provide the most secure attachment between the crampon and the boot. this is achieved [...] kyle livingston november 18, 2015 read more facebook twitter google+ email an intro to outdoor jackets we all have our favorite outdoor pursuit, and arguably the most important piece of our gear kit for that pursuit is the jacket. hikers, climbers, skiers, snowboarders, bikers, or mountaineers have to protect themselves from the elements, but gone are the days of one jacket that works for everything. for example, i use a gore-tex 3-layer shell layered with a down jacket for skiing but a lightweight softshell for backpacking and hiking and another jacket for around town. to get you started on the path to understanding your jacket options, we’ve outlined the five most basic styles. the shell jacket [...] colter hinchliffe november 13, 2015 read more facebook twitter google+ email a capitol peak first descent “did we bite off more than we can chew?” i’m asking myself as we stand atop the 14,131-foot capitol peak in the notorious elk mountains of colorado. photo: jordan white the answer is a matter-of-fact “no, we have to finish.” this day began at midnight, and this mission began a week ago, and this dream began a few years ago with a taste of this big, lonesome, beautiful north face. capitol peak is the holy grail of all colorado’s fifty-four 14,000 ft peaks. the easiest way up is via the infamous knife edge with a thousand-foot cliff on either side. [...] pace measom november 12, 2015 read more facebook twitter google+ email 2015 gift guide: 10 gifts you can’t get anywhere else after 20 years of working with the best outdoor brands on the planet, we’ve forged relationships that allow us to collaborate with their design teams, bringing you unique and exclusive products you simply can’t find anywhere else. exclusivefilson down cruiser parka the signature filson heritage he’ll love in a versatile, go-anywhere flat black color—and you can only get it at backcountry. filson was founded in 1897 to outfit northbound fortune-seekers with reliable clothing for the great klondike gold rush. fast-forward 118 years and a lot of filson’s apparel still bears a striking resemblance to the clothing of the past. filson [...] phil parrish november 6, 2015 read more facebook twitter google+ email all about compression garments the faster you can recover from a workout, the sooner you can train again. by increasing training frequency, you can achieve a desired result faster or complete a higher volume of training in a desired time. to achieve this end, many athletes and weekend warriors are turning to compression clothing as an aid to training and recovery. but, what is compression clothing? and how does it work? benefits of compression garments depending on who you ask, compression garments make a huge difference, or they’re just really tight underwear. some controlled studies have yielded interesting results, while others are completely inconclusive. [...] jeff catalano november 2, 2015 read more facebook twitter google+ email how to choose alpine touring bindings alpine touring (at) bindings have been around for several decades, but the recent explosion of the touring scene has really brought them into the spotlight. at bindings differ from their alpine counterparts in that they aren’t meant only for skiing downhill. instead they allow the skier to free the heel of the boot, while staying clipped in at the toe, which creates the ability to “walk” naturally uphill on skis. when it’s time for that ski descent you’ve been working toward all day, simply step back into the heel of the binding and make some turns! considerations for choosing at [...] lexi d. october 28, 2015 read more facebook twitter google+ email hut hacks: gear, tricks, & tips to make the most of backcountry ski trips the irresistible lure of a backcountry yurt or hut is one of the reasons i was motivated to begin dabbling in backcountry skiing six years ago. as a good friend often proclaims, “yurt life is the good life,” and i agree wholeheartedly. there’s nothing more special than time spent unplugged in nature, where the necessities of melting water, chopping firewood, and preparing a yurt feast are your chief concerns (besides powder snow, of course). with luck and planning, your home away from home for the weekend. having taken excursions to various huts and lodges around utah, idaho, and british columbia, [...] ryan schoeck october 21, 2015 read more facebook twitter google+ email how to choose a ski or snowboard jacket above photo by: re wikstrom by now you’ve undoubtedly ogled, researched, and wisely chosen a pair of shiny new sticks or a new board for the season. but have you given any real thought to what you’ll be wearing? after all, your jacket is going to be just as much a part of your quest for pow as what’s underneath your feet. choosing the right jacket for the right conditions is crucial to maximizing your comfort, protection from the elements, and overall stoke factor. types of jackets as you begin the search for your new jacket, it’s important to know [...] ryan schoeck october 20, 2015 read more facebook twitter google+ email how to choose ski or snowboard pants those unassuming ski and snowboards pants—like that friend everybody just loves to hate—seem to get all the action without even trying. yet while you’re carrying on with your mission of chasing untracked lines and lapping the mountain, they’re working hard to keep your lower body dry and comfortable. frozen chairlifts, day-long submersion in thigh deep pow (we hope), sprays of spring slush, and brutal arctic winds are just a few scenarios your pants experience on a regular day at the outdoor office. so when choosing a new pair of pants, it’s worth taking some time researching the various fabrics, features, [...] jeff catalano october 16, 2015 read more facebook twitter google+ email how to choose and use climbing skins if you want to ski uphill, you’re going to need climbing skins. one of the essential pieces of an alpine touring kit, climbing skins provide directional grip on the snow, allowing you to slide your skis forward without losing progress on uphill terrain. if you’re new to alpine touring, climbing skins can hold their fair share of mystery when it comes to choosing the right material, size and connection type. they also require a little bit of initial setup and maintenance. although this article is focused on climbing skins for skis, splitboard skins feature the same technology as those made [...] bill porreca october 9, 2015 rocker, camber: a ski profile breakdown with the seemingly inexhaustible supply of proprietary ski profiles that debut every year, choosing the right profile can seem like a daunting task. backcountry expert gearhead bill porreca breaks down your options. the profile shape of a ski is a primary determinant for how a ski will interact with the snow, making profile an important feature to consider when selecting a pair of skis. while there exist a lot of variations of each, and every manufacturer has a different name for them, there are essentially four basic types of profiles: traditional camber, directional rocker, hybrid rocker, and full rocker. all [...] colin clancy september 24, 2015 read more facebook twitter google+ email pbr nights & powder mornings: the ski bum life ten years ago this very moment i may have taken a break from shotgunning beers with my ski bum friends to stir the crock pot of sloppy joes simmering atop the toilet for lack of table space. or i may have been hot-lapping loveland pass backcountry lines under the full midnight moon until the cops kicked us out. more likely, though, i was dropping into the superpipe on a stolen cafeteria tray, because we did that damned near every night. i earned my ski bum stripes at copper mountain, where i spent two seasons bumping chairs, shoveling snow, setting up [...] wally phillips september 17, 2015 how to choose an alpine ski boot selecting a new pair of ski boots can be a little overwhelming, to say the least. backcountry expert gearhead wally phillips, a former bootfitter, offers some guidance to help you select just the right pair of boots. every year, ski companies roll out their shiny new boots in a myriad of styles, sizes, flexes, and widths. if you’re wondering what it all means and how these correspond to your specific skiing needs, here’s a little guide designed to help you make sense of this dizzying array of choices. your skiing style the first thing you’ll want to consider is the [...] backcountry video september 1, 2015 dps cinematics trailer: the shadow campaign vol. 2 dps skis cinematic presents four short films coming fall 2015, in association with gore-tex and outdoor research. the koalas return in their second cinematic campaign touching down in japan, italy, and switzerland for four festival-submitted short films. the cinematic dream has always been chasing deep storms, and 2015 delivered. step into cold, relentless hokkaido storms and old world alps exploration. the koalas reach into the quiver, riding the range from the wailer 99, lotus 120, and the dps spoon. stephan drake, santi guzman, olof larsson, and piers solomon join forces for timeless pow-riding. turn up the volume and enter full [...] kim havell july 12, 2015 read more facebook twitter google+ email full circle: wandering the glaciers of the yukon there are different ways to explore. for our team, as we began planning a ski expedition to the wrangell st. elias/kluane park region of the yukon, canada, we decided to add more levels of adventure beyond that of the standard routine of arriving, climbing and skiing one peak, and flying back out. our trip incorporated a greater level of expedition experience. though it would involve more suffering and more logistics, we finalized a plan to climb, ski, traverse, and explore as much of the area as possible. choosing to go in mid-april meant colder temps but safer movement in the [...] lexi d. july 2, 2015 read more facebook twitter google+ email give a flock: why women need wool whether it’s in the form of a lightweight baselayer or stylish pea coat, you really can’t go wrong with wool. it has been around for centuries—millennia, even—yet it continues to outperform many of today’s high-tech synthetics. but before we get into why wool is so amazing, banish from your mind the image of scratchy sweaters that exude the essence wet sheep upon first contact with snow or drizzle. that’s not the kind of wool we’re talking about here. we’re concerned with merino wool—also known as nature’s miracle fiber—but lambswool and high-quality wool blends are worth a mention, too. what makes [...] curtis jensen april 25, 2015 read more facebook twitter google+ email what the hell is softshell? above photo by ian matteson can a softshell replace your trusty hardshell in sustained rain or snowfall? probably not. what softshells do best is keep you warm and dry while your heart rate is up in windy and/or damp weather.  what is “softshell”? “softshell” is a class of knit or woven materials, made from polyester and nylon, used to make technical outdoor clothing that essentially bridges the gap between waterproof hardshell jackets and highly breathable fleece jackets. they’re more breathable (but less water and wind resistant), more flexible, and generally more durable than hardshell materials, and more protective than fleece. [...] stephanie nitsch march 30, 2015 read more facebook twitter google+ email ski mountaineering essentials: crevasse rescue tips snow bridges are one of the biggest hazards of ski and snowboard mountaineering over glacial terrain. an innocent-looking swath of snow may hide the hazard lies beneath: a yawning crevasse of ice. snow bridges collapse without warning, but if you’re wearing a harness and are roped in (why aren’t you wearing a harness and roped in if you’re on a glacier?!), the essential gear in your pack will double as your emergency tools for a crevasse rescue. you hope an emergency never happens, but you need to be prepared if it does. if you’re considering a ski or splitboard mountaineering [...] stephanie nitsch march 17, 2015 read more facebook twitter google+ email ski mountaineering essentials: glacier travel tips the difference between backcountry skiing/splitboarding and ski/splitboard mountaineering is somewhat ambiguous. navigating glacial terrain, however, is one activity that sets them apart, and which requires a new level of technical knowledge beyond your usual backcountry skill set. last year, i took an introductory ski and splitboard mountaineering course through the shejumps non-profit organization. my instructors, diny harrison (the first north american female guide to be certified by the ifmga) and kate devine (a recently certified acmg ski guide), imparted valuable glacier travel tips for aspiring ski mountaineers, the essence of which is captured below. risk management as in ‘regular’ backcountry [...] lexi d. march 10, 2015 read more facebook twitter google+ email you are backcountry: 20 uses for a voile strap gear fails. it’s inevitable, but many of us avoid facing the facts until it’s too late, and we’re up a creek with a busted paddle. luckily, voile—a utah-based company that manufactures ski touring and splitboarding gear—offers up one the most useful gear inventions out there: the voile ski strap. a marvel of simplicity, durability, and versatility, the voile strap is the backcountry equivalent of duct tape. in fact, it’s better than duct tape since it will even work in cold or wet conditions.though it’s called a “ski strap,” don’t be fooled; the situations where a voile strap can save your [...] 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 next discover more need help? talk to our gearheads 24/7 about your needs.1.800.233.7159live chatlive chatlive chat unavailablecall: 1.800.409.4502stay in the knowsign up for backcountry news, sales and deals sign up for backcountry news, sales and dealsnews letter get newsunsubscribeput a goat on ithelmet, bumper, you name it. put a goat on it.send me a stickershop by categoryorder statussend me a stickergive your friends $10refer your friendsgift certificatesgive an e-gift certificatepopular pages home men's clothing women's clothing kids' clothing hike & camp bike run climb ski snowboard paddle fly fishing download the app mountain hardwear ghost whisperer jacket gopro hero4 silver edition sorel joan of arctic boot the north face apex bionic softshell jacket oakley frogskins sunglasses the north face aconcagua down jacket garmin forerunner 220 the north face denali fleece jacket the north face arctic down parka resources returns order status sale item policy sales tax policy updated privacy policy international shipping policy learning resources more faqs in our help center about backcountryabout backcountrygroup salesland your dream jobaffiliate programadvertise with ussite mapwhat's wrong with this page?facebooklike us on facebooktwitter@backcountrycominstagram@backcountrycomgoogle plus+backcountrydownload the backcountry app.© backcountry.com – all rights reserved   siteid: 1 sitecode: bcs transient: true sec status: 0 catalog: catalog:bcs pricelist: pricelist:listprices salepricelist: pricelist:saleprices isdev: no is mobile (touch): no protocol: http port: 80 storeserverurl: http:///store/catalog/categorylanding.jsp securestoreserverurl: http://www.backcountry.com request locale:en_us_1 profile locale: template parameters navigation: /navigation/categoriesnav.jsp header: /includes/header.jsp navigationflyouts: /navigation/categoriesnavflyout.jsp sitename: backcountry.com defaultbody: /catalog/bcs/include/categorypage.jsp pagestart: /includes/pagestart.jsp footer: /includes/bcs/footer.jsp logourl: /images/bcs/bc-logo.png displayname: /includes/displayname.jsp pageend: /includes/pageend.jsp productdisplaybox: /catalog/include/productdisplaybox.jsp template inheritance tree /backcountry/layout/templates/bcs/categoryhomepage /backcountry/layout/templates/bcs/standardpage /backcountry/layout/templates/standardpage