来源URL: https://web.archive.org/web/20151231135230/http://www.backcountry.com/mens-clothing
================================================================================

men's outdoor clothing - ski, hike, & more | backcountry.com e-mail password reset password sign in cancel signing in new here? create a new account create a new account your name will be publicly displayed with all posts. e-mail ex: johndoe@gmail.com password verify password: passwords are case-sensitive, and must be at least 8 characters in length. create account have an account? login homeshopgearheadarticlessteep & cheapaccountlive chat 1-800-409-4502 backcountry.com brands men women kids activities exclusives outlet the north face patagonia marmot arc'teryx black diamond prana la sportiva basin and range mountain hardwear view all brands clothing footwear accessories shop by activity clothing footwear accessories shop by activity boys girls toddlers & infants accessories sale ski snowboard fitness bike climb fly fish hike & camp paddle snowshoe run surf travel gear brands products men women kids shop by activity jackets hoodies & sweaters shirts pants shorts baselayers underwear swimwear boots shoes sandals slippers socks all head & neck wear eyewear gloves & mittens electronics watches backpacks & bags blankets all ski snowboard fitness hike & camp climb run fly fish bike jackets tops pants shorts dresses & skirts baselayers underwear swimwear boots shoes sandals slippers socks all head & neck wear eyewear gloves & mittens electronics watches handbags backpacks blankets all ski snowboard fitness climb hike & camp bike run outerwear clothing footwear outerwear clothing footwear outerwear clothing footwear headwear eyewear gloves & mittens strollers & joggers backcountry basin and range folsom skis haglöfs houdini norrøna uber white dot skis men women kids footwear accessories hike & camp ski snowboard outerwear clothing footwear accessories outerwear clothing footwear accessories boys' clothing girls' clothing toddler infant accessories hike & camp bike ski snowboard paddle fly fish hire a local adventure guide norcal utah colorado northeast all places gear tips culture swiss precisionmountain force outerweardiscover haglofstop scandinavian outerwear, only on backcountrythe backstory: danner bootssince 1932explore everythingjackets for every adventurebaby, it's cold outsidebuntings from top brandsbuilt for the coldest winters on earthall- new canada goose the 2016 ski showcasehand-picked & employee-tested the 2016 snowboard showcasehand-picked & employee-tested the winter glove guideour best gloves from top brandsbasin and rangeclothing inspired by mountain town lifewhitedot skisthe perfect range of freeride skishaglöfsthe scandinavian benchmark in outerwearwomen's outlet dealsfrom 60% - 80% offmen's outlet dealsfrom 60% - 80% off give your friends $10 free shipping on orders over $50* new year, new dealsup to 50% offshop now › collabs with undefeated, alpha industries, filson & moreshop now › the backstory: duckworthfine american woolshop now › baselayer basicsdress right to stay warm & comfortableshop now › designed for the descentthe arc'teryx whiteline collectionshop now › dress for snowouterwear built for the slopesshop now › warm & well-dressedwinter clothing & footwearshop now › men's clothing more brands... 100% 2xu 686 acorn adidas adidas outdoor ahnu airblaster airhole aku alchemy equipment alo yoga alpha industries alpinestars altamont altra american mountain co. analog anarchy anon apis arbor arborwear arc'teryx arcade ariat armada arnette asics asolo assos astis astral athletic recon avi-8 backcountry baffin balega banks basin and range bearpaw bed stu bellroy bellwether bench berghaus biemme sports big agnes bigtruck brand billabong birkenstock black crows black diamond blackstrap bliz blueseventy blurr bogs bohnam co. born shoes bridgedale brixton brooks brunton buff bula burton canada goose capo captain fin carhartt castelli catlike celtek cep chaco chrome chums clarks club ride apparel clwr coal coalatree organics coldsmoke colnago columbia competitive cyclist comune costa craft craghoppers crank brothers cushe cw-x dakine dakota grizzly dale of norway daniel wellington danner dansko dark seas darn tough dc dc skateboarding de marchi defeet deus ex machina diadora discrete dragon du/er duckworth duvetica dvs dynafit earth wood eider eira electric element emerica endurance conspiracy enjoi etnies euro socks evolv exofficio falke fallen farm to feet fat moose feetures! fi'zi:k filament fillmore filson fishpond fitbit five ten fjallraven flylow gear forsake fourstar clothing co fox racing fox river fred perry usa free people freewaters frye full tilt g-form g-lab gargoyles garmin giordana giro glerups globe goodhew goorin brothers gore bike wear gore running wear gramicci haglöfs hansel from basel hanwag hat attack helly hansen herschel supply hestra hincapie sportswear hippy tree hodgman hoka one one holden homeschool houdini huf hugger mugger hunter boot hurley ibex icebreaker icny imperial motion injinji inov 8 insight iron and resin ironman ironman jack wolfskin jones snowboards jslv julbo kaenon kamik katin kavu keen king & fifth supply co. kitsbow komono korkers kr3w krochet kids intl. kühl l.a.m.b. l1 la sportiva la vie boheme yoga lakai lake laundromat le bent le specs levi's little river sock mill lolë lorpen loser machine louis garneau lowa lrg lucy luminox mad rock magic carpet yoga mats maloja mammut manduka marmot matix maui jim mavic meridian line merrell millet ministry of supply mink pink minus 33 mio mizuno momentum mons royale montane montrail mountain equipment mountain force mountain hardwear mountain khakis muttonhead mvmt watches mypakage nalini native eyewear native shoes nau neff new balance new balance watches nike nike sunglasses nishikawa down nixon norrøna northwave o'neill oakley obermeyer olukai one industries optic nerve orage ortovox orvis osloh ourcaste outdoor research owner operator pajar canada pakems parajumpers parker dusseau patagonia pearl izumi pendleton penfield pikolinos pinarello pistil planks clothing poc poler pow gloves prana proof eyewear quiksilver quiksilver waterman rab raen optics rainbow ray-ban red chili red wing heritage redington reef reigning champ reusch revo rhone richer poorer ride ridgemont outfitters rip curl roark revival rome roxy royal racing royal robbins ruby mint rumpl rvca saga salewa salomon salt surf santa cruz bicycles santini sanuk saucony saxx scarpa scott sealskinz seavees seirus sherpani shimano showers pass shred optics shwood sidi sierra designs simms six six one skratch labs smartwool smith snow peak sockguy sockwell sole soleus sombrio sorel spacecraft special blend speedo spenco sperry top-sider spiewak sportful spy spyder stance stoic stormy kromer mercantile strafe outerwear sugoi suncloud polarized optics sunday afternoons sunnylife sunpocket superfeet supra suunto swany sweet protection swiftwick swix szanto technine tecnica teko tenaya tentree terramar teton gravity research teva the house of marley the north face thirtytwo tifosi optics timberland timberland pro time timex toad&co tomtom topo designs tretorn trew gear troy lee designs twin six tyr uber ugg umpqua undefeated under armour united by blue us vs. them uvex vans vasque velocio vestal volcom vonzipper waters and army we norwegians wesc westcomb western mountaineering western rise will leather goods wolverine woodzee woolrich woolrich footwear woolrich john rich & bros. xterra wetsuits yeti cycles yogitoes zamberlan zeal zensah zoic zoot best sellersperennial favorites from every categoryview allthe north facethermoball full-zip insulated jacket - men'ssale $135.29 - $198.954.5533the north facedenali fleece jacket - men'ssale $134.21 - $198.954.5591the north faceventure jacket - men'ssale $74.21 - $98.954.5535the north faceapex bionic softshell jacket - men'ssale $98.31 - $148.954.5527the north faceresolve jacket - men'ssale $67.46 - $109.954.55109fitbitcharge wireless heart rate + activity wristband$149.954.5512patagoniasynchilla snap-t fleece pullover - men'ssale $95.20 - $119.004.5567the north facedenali hooded fleece jacket - men'ssale $149.21 - $218.954.5522the north facethermoball triclimate insulated jacket - men'ssale $209.26 - $298.95454patagoniafjord flannel shirt - long-sleeve - men'ssale $71.20 - $89.005548patagoniadown sweater jacket - men'ssale $183.20 - $229.004.5544the north faceanden triclimate jacket - men'ssale from $139.26 $198.9530% off4.5523patagoniabetter sweater fleece jacket - men'ssale $111.20 - $139.003.557patagonialightweight synchilla snap-t fleece jacket - men'ssale $79.20 - $99.004.5542the north facekhumbu ii fleece jacket - men's sale $66.71 - $88.953.555new arrivalsthe newest arrivals in gear & clothingview allmvmt watchesleather classic collection watch$94.95 - $99.95native eyeweareido sunglasses - polarizedsale from $90.26 $148.9530% offnative eyewearcrestone sunglasses - polarizedsale from $90.26 $148.9530% offnative eyewearwolcott sunglasses - polarizedsale from $90.26 $148.9530% offnative eyewearsanitas sunglasses - polarizedsale from $90.26 $148.9530% offnative eyewearpenrose sunglasses - polarizedsale from $90.26 $148.9530% offnative eyewearkannah sunglasses - polarizedsale from $76.26 $128.9530% offthe north facesurgent half dome pullover hoodie - men's$54.95mvmt watchesstainless steel classic collection watch$99.95native eyewearhardtop ultra xp sunglasses - polarizedsale from $90.26 $148.9530% offthe north faceslacker crew sweatshirt - men's$69.95volcomeverett minicheck shirt - short-sleeve - men's$44.95volcomfrickin modern stretch short - men's$49.95billabongoverdrive flannel shirt - long-sleeve - men's$64.95billabongabyss slim t-shirt - short-sleeve - men's$24.95 passionate about ? follow for a more personalized experience on backcountry. premium outdoor gear & clothing shop the men's clothing catalog men's jackets men's insulated jackets men's technical shells men's rain jackets men's wind shells men's softshell jackets men's pants men's technical pant shells men's softshell pants men's rain and wind pants men's casual pants men's insulated pants men's shirts men's button-down shirts men's polo shirts men's performance shirts men's flannel shirts and jackets men's t-shirts men's baselayers men's long underwear men's performance tights men's shorts men's board shorts men's hiking & climbing shorts men's casual shorts men's performance shorts men's river & water shorts men's shoes & footwear men's winter boots & shoes men's casual boots & shoes men's hiking & backpacking boots men's running shoes men's rain boots & shoes men's accessories men's hats, caps & beanies men's socks men's gloves & mittens blankets & throws men's belts sunglasses lifestyle sunglasses sport sunglasses interchangeable sunglasses women's sunglasses photochromic sunglasses watches casual watches altimeters heart rate monitors sport watches women's casual watches men's bike clothing men's triathlon clothing men's bike shorts & bibs men's bike jerseys men's bike jackets men's bike tights & knickers men's performance clothing men's hoodies & sweatshirts men's performance pants & tights men's performance shorts men's performance jackets men's performance vests men's hoodies & sweaters men's hoodies & sweatshirts men's sweaters men's fly fishing apparel men's fishing jackets men's fishing shirts men's fishing pants & shorts men's waders fly fishing vests & packs men's underwear & sleepwear men's underwear men's sleepwear & lounge shop all men's clothing explore: men's clothing overview guide video an intro to outdoor jackets anyone who spends time outside has a favorite jacket—it’s a staple in the kit of every hiker, climber, skier, snowboarder, cyclist, or mountaineer. but the one-jacket-for-everything days are long gone. to get you started on the path to understanding your jacket options, we outlined the five most basic styles. find your jacket style guide technical shells explained for the worst weather conditions imaginable, you need the reliable protection of technical shell. the best technical shells often feature waterproof/breathable laminates, watertight zippers, and high denier face fabrics. learn about technical shells video softshells explained can a softshell replace your trusty hardshell in sustained rain or snowfall? probably not. what softshells do best is keep you warm and dry while your heart rate is up in windy and/or damp weather. learn about softshells video how to choose ski & snowboard pants frozen chairlifts, day-long submersion in thigh deep pow (we hope), slushy boot packs, and brutal arctic winds are just a few scenarios your pants experience on a regular day at the outdoor office. so when choosing a new pair of pants, it’s worth taking some time researching the various fabrics, features, and styles that will be most applicable to your type of winter recreation. learn about ski pants learn about snowboard pants guide an intro to outdoor jackets anyone who spends time outside has a favorite jacket—it’s a staple in the kit of every hiker, climber, skier, snowboarder, cyclist, or mountaineer. but the one-jacket-for-everything days are long gone. to get you started on the path to understanding your jacket options, we outlined the five most basic styles. find your jacket style how to choose ski & snowboard pants frozen chairlifts, day-long submersion in thigh deep pow (we hope), slushy boot packs, and brutal arctic winds are just a few scenarios your pants experience on a regular day at the outdoor office. so when choosing a new pair of pants, it’s worth taking some time researching the various fabrics, features, and styles that will be most applicable to your type of winter recreation. learn about ski pants learn about snowboard pants winter layering different body types, output levels, and weather conditions require different amounts of insulation. building a bomber layering system is one part trial and error and one part know-how. learn more how to care for your down jacket your puffy spares you the shivers on long chairlift rides, it offers a cozy embrace when you’re belaying a long pitch, and it lets you enjoy evening stargazing on alpine backpacking trips. and what do you do for it in return? cram it into a stuff sack. learn how to care for your puffy technical shells explained for the worst weather conditions imaginable, you need the reliable protection of technical shell. the best technical shells often feature waterproof/breathable laminates, watertight zippers, and high denier face fabrics. learn about technical shells softshells explained can a softshell replace your trusty hardshell in sustained rain or snowfall? probably not. what softshells do best is keep you warm and dry while your heart rate is up in windy and/or damp weather. learn about softshells subscribe to the men's clothing rss feed. receive every article in your reader. men's clothing 4.8 5.0 1,090 men's clothing products have an average rating of 4.8 / 5.0 from 1,090 reviews. unanswered questions our community members have questions on gear. do you have the answers? help other members out and serve up your gear expertise. view recent questions write a review your review title is required. choose a photo file choose a video file no file chosen rather attach a photo from another website? rather attach a photo from your computer? add a: share a photo share a video familiarity: --share how you have used it-- i've put it through the wringer i've used it several times i've used it once or twice and have initial impressions i returned this product before using it i gave it as a gift but have feedback to share only jpg, jpeg, png, gif or bmp files please. submit cancel all activities bike climb fly fish hike & camp paddle run ski snowboard snowshoe travel toggle all topics: all places gear tips culture author: all backcountry gearheads athletes media: all articles videos pace measom december 29, 2015 read more facebook twitter google+ email how to choose avalanche safety gear having the right avalanche safety gear—and the know-how to use it—is critical before heading into the backcountry. learn how to choose the beacon, shovel, probe, and airbag pack that are right for you. beacons avalanche beacons, also known as transceivers, are essential for both transmitting your own location as well as finding others buried in the snow. today’s digital avalanche beacons are easier and faster to use than ever before. get one, practice like your life depends on it, and then do everything in your power to keep from having to use it. a beacon does not have to have [...] andrew mclean december 21, 2015 read more facebook twitter google+ email the powder police: keeping the backcountry safe in the past there has only been one golden rule for backcountry skiing: there are no friends on powder days. this is always said tongue-in-cheek and implies that powder days should be feeding frenzies where it’s every man for himself, but with the stratospheric rise in backcountry popularity, just the opposite is now true: there’s nothing but friends on powder days. or at least there should be. what used to take a week is now tracked out in a day. in popular areas with easy access like the central wasatch mountains, teton pass or tahoe the rise in backcountry skier [...] rachael burks december 18, 2015 read more facebook twitter google+ email expedition iceland: skiing the fjords in the past few years, iceland has been put on the map as a ski destination. there are a few helicopter operations based out of northwestern corner of the country, but overall, touring is the easiest way to ski iceland. in the winter, snow covers almost everything, making the ski possibilities endless; awe-inspiring views and adventure can be found everywhere. two of our crew had previously been to iceland and therefore could not wait to further explore this relatively off-the-radar ski destination. hence, it became our target for a trip spring of 2015. our crew of skiers and riders—julian carr, [...] catherine greenwald december 17, 2015 read more facebook twitter google+ email 2015 gift guide: gifts for teens time is running out and you still have one person left to shop for: the teen in your life. few people, aside from your father (who has more ties than anyone could possibly wear in one lifetime), are as hard to find the right present for as your average teenager. how do you find something that doesn’t break the bank but is something they’ll appreciate and enjoy? we consulted a few local teens to round up a few presents that they would be stoked to find in a stocking or under a tree. following are their recommendations. gifts for girls [...] jeff catalano december 10, 2015 read more facebook twitter google+ email 2015 gift guide: top gifts for climbers shopping for a gift for a climber can be deceptively difficult. just ask my family, they’ll tell you how hard it is to find the right gift for me. there’s so much gear out there that looks exactly the same—or, to the non-climber, that just doesn’t make any sense. as a climber with a serious addiction to gear, i don’t want to be on the receiving end of a wrong choice, either. i’ve therefore compiled a list of gear that any climber, myself included, would be stoked to receive. petzl grigri 2 belay device go to any crag or climbing [...] lexi d. december 3, 2015 read more facebook twitter google+ email 2015 gift guide: gifts for women who rip the active women in your life will likely be spending time outdoors this winter at every opportunity. but it can be tricky to pick out the perfect gift for the women of winter. speaking from experience, here is a list of my favorite cold-weather gear and clothing suited for the active, winter-loving lady in your life, be she outside shredding in her natural habitat or indoors snuggled up fireside. on the mountain fischer ranger 98 ski in what may be my favorite quiver ski of all time, fischer has managed to put together a real solid set of sticks for [...] jared downs november 30, 2015 read more facebook twitter google+ email how to choose crampons when shopping for a new pair of crampons you’ll notice several different designs and configurations. each style has its strengths and weaknesses, as well as an intended use. whether you’re planning on climbing the dc route on mt. rainier or venturing into the wet and cold world of ice climbing, choosing the right crampon will keep your mind off the gear and on the objective ahead. attachment type there are three types of attachment systems for modern crampons: step-in, hybrid, and strap-on. step-in crampons step-in crampons provide the most secure attachment between the crampon and the boot. this is achieved [...] pace measom november 25, 2015 read more facebook twitter google+ email 2015 gift guide: gifts that get better with age the discerning gift giver knows that the best gifts—like good cheese or fine whiskey—get better with age. we’re talking about items crafted from leather, wool, canvas, and steel—materials that feel better, fit better, and look better the more they’re used. over time they acquire character, stories, and charm. not only will these gifts keep giving year-round, they’ll keep giving for years to come. red wing heritage boots red wing boots are cut from the finest american leather, triple-stitched on 100-year-old puritan sewing machines, and made by skilled craftsmen in red wing, minnesota, usa. these are the real deal—you won’t find [...] skratch labs november 24, 2015 read more facebook twitter google+ email cooking with skratch labs: can’t-miss desserts by now you may know that the skratch labs cookie mix makes a mean chocolate chip cookie, berry blondie, and vegan cookie bar, and that all of them fit sweetly in your pocket or pack for rides, runs, and adventures. but you can also put the cookie mix to use when you’re looking to make an impression at a dinner party, office function, or sunday brunch. here are two can’t-miss recipes that even the most baking-challenged can manage, with impressive results. apple & pumpkin buckle this buckle recipe comes together in just a few minutes. you can swap out the [...] garson fields november 19, 2015 read more facebook twitter google+ email 2015 gift guide: 12 gifts for the mountain biker mountain bikers have a reputation for being a picky bunch. from trails to tires, there’s usually no shortage strongly held opinions, which can make buying the right gift for a biker a challenge. if you haven’t been given a detailed wish list, and you really want to get the mountain biker in your life a gift he or she will actually use, read on. the following items stand a good chance of earning you some serious points this holiday season, with even the pickiest of riders. blackburn wayside c02 inflator simple, reliable, and absolutely indispensable, this c02 inflator makes a [...] kyle livingston november 18, 2015 read more facebook twitter google+ email an intro to outdoor jackets we all have our favorite outdoor pursuit, and arguably the most important piece of our gear kit for that pursuit is the jacket. hikers, climbers, skiers, snowboarders, bikers, or mountaineers have to protect themselves from the elements, but gone are the days of one jacket that works for everything. for example, i use a gore-tex 3-layer shell layered with a down jacket for skiing but a lightweight softshell for backpacking and hiking and another jacket for around town. to get you started on the path to understanding your jacket options, we’ve outlined the five most basic styles. the shell jacket [...] colter hinchliffe november 13, 2015 read more facebook twitter google+ email a capitol peak first descent “did we bite off more than we can chew?” i’m asking myself as we stand atop the 14,131-foot capitol peak in the notorious elk mountains of colorado. photo: jordan white the answer is a matter-of-fact “no, we have to finish.” this day began at midnight, and this mission began a week ago, and this dream began a few years ago with a taste of this big, lonesome, beautiful north face. capitol peak is the holy grail of all colorado’s fifty-four 14,000 ft peaks. the easiest way up is via the infamous knife edge with a thousand-foot cliff on either side. [...] pace measom november 12, 2015 read more facebook twitter google+ email 2015 gift guide: 10 gifts you can’t get anywhere else after 20 years of working with the best outdoor brands on the planet, we’ve forged relationships that allow us to collaborate with their design teams, bringing you unique and exclusive products you simply can’t find anywhere else. exclusivefilson down cruiser parka the signature filson heritage he’ll love in a versatile, go-anywhere flat black color—and you can only get it at backcountry. filson was founded in 1897 to outfit northbound fortune-seekers with reliable clothing for the great klondike gold rush. fast-forward 118 years and a lot of filson’s apparel still bears a striking resemblance to the clothing of the past. filson [...] backcountry video november 12, 2015 burton presents 2016 burton presents is a web series showcasing burton’s top riders doing amazing things on slopes and streets all over the world. the latest episode (above), focuses on danny davis as he prepares for x games by exploring the snow-choked forests of hokkaido, japan, with mark mcmorris and terje haakonsen. whether it’s in the pipe or some misty forest, few humans truly embody the concept of balance quite like danny, and when it comes to “training,” danny does it right. previous episodes this installment features mikkel bang and mikey rencz, two names that run deep in burton’s history and evoke thoughts [...] phil parrish november 6, 2015 read more facebook twitter google+ email all about compression garments the faster you can recover from a workout, the sooner you can train again. by increasing training frequency, you can achieve a desired result faster or complete a higher volume of training in a desired time. to achieve this end, many athletes and weekend warriors are turning to compression clothing as an aid to training and recovery. but, what is compression clothing? and how does it work? benefits of compression garments depending on who you ask, compression garments make a huge difference, or they’re just really tight underwear. some controlled studies have yielded interesting results, while others are completely inconclusive. [...] jeff catalano november 2, 2015 read more facebook twitter google+ email how to choose alpine touring bindings alpine touring (at) bindings have been around for several decades, but the recent explosion of the touring scene has really brought them into the spotlight. at bindings differ from their alpine counterparts in that they aren’t meant only for skiing downhill. instead they allow the skier to free the heel of the boot, while staying clipped in at the toe, which creates the ability to “walk” naturally uphill on skis. when it’s time for that ski descent you’ve been working toward all day, simply step back into the heel of the binding and make some turns! considerations for choosing at [...] pace measom october 29, 2015 read more facebook twitter google+ email camp gourmet: high-alpine brook trout clothing supplied by roark revival why trout? backpacking fare is often limited to energy bars and freeze-dried meals, but it doesn’t have to be. in cold-water lakes and streams, stretching from the adirondacks in new york to the high sierra in california, you’ll find trout. and for more than a few reasons, these fish are an ideal food source when you’re out in the wild. nutrition whether you’re backpacking or camping, you burn a lot of calories, requiring a meal that’s high in fat and protein. a 3-ounce serving of wild trout supplies 130 calories, nearly 20 grams of protein, [...] lexi d. october 28, 2015 read more facebook twitter google+ email hut hacks: gear, tricks, & tips to make the most of backcountry ski trips the irresistible lure of a backcountry yurt or hut is one of the reasons i was motivated to begin dabbling in backcountry skiing six years ago. as a good friend often proclaims, “yurt life is the good life,” and i agree wholeheartedly. there’s nothing more special than time spent unplugged in nature, where the necessities of melting water, chopping firewood, and preparing a yurt feast are your chief concerns (besides powder snow, of course). with luck and planning, your home away from home for the weekend. having taken excursions to various huts and lodges around utah, idaho, and british columbia, [...] ryan schoeck october 21, 2015 read more facebook twitter google+ email how to choose a ski or snowboard jacket above photo by: re wikstrom by now you’ve undoubtedly ogled, researched, and wisely chosen a pair of shiny new sticks or a new board for the season. but have you given any real thought to what you’ll be wearing? after all, your jacket is going to be just as much a part of your quest for pow as what’s underneath your feet. choosing the right jacket for the right conditions is crucial to maximizing your comfort, protection from the elements, and overall stoke factor. types of jackets as you begin the search for your new jacket, it’s important to know [...] ryan schoeck october 20, 2015 read more facebook twitter google+ email how to choose ski or snowboard pants those unassuming ski and snowboards pants—like that friend everybody just loves to hate—seem to get all the action without even trying. yet while you’re carrying on with your mission of chasing untracked lines and lapping the mountain, they’re working hard to keep your lower body dry and comfortable. frozen chairlifts, day-long submersion in thigh deep pow (we hope), sprays of spring slush, and brutal arctic winds are just a few scenarios your pants experience on a regular day at the outdoor office. so when choosing a new pair of pants, it’s worth taking some time researching the various fabrics, features, [...] pace measom october 19, 2015 read more facebook twitter google+ email touring the high west distillery with basin and range for us, mountain towns don’t get any better than park city, utah. the powder skiing, western heritage, and small-town feel with big-city style have a way of inspiring the creation of great brands. founded twenty years ago by two park city ski bums, backcountry.com is counted among them. to introduce basin and range, the latest creation inspired by park city, we shot the clothing on location at the new high west whiskey distillery at blue sky ranch, another great park city establishment. featuring utah’s first legal distillery since 1870, high west has been breaking some serious trail―we can get behind [...] jeff catalano october 16, 2015 read more facebook twitter google+ email how to choose and use climbing skins if you want to ski uphill, you’re going to need climbing skins. one of the essential pieces of an alpine touring kit, climbing skins provide directional grip on the snow, allowing you to slide your skis forward without losing progress on uphill terrain. if you’re new to alpine touring, climbing skins can hold their fair share of mystery when it comes to choosing the right material, size and connection type. they also require a little bit of initial setup and maintenance. although this article is focused on climbing skins for skis, splitboard skins feature the same technology as those made [...] bill porreca october 9, 2015 rocker, camber: a ski profile breakdown with the seemingly inexhaustible supply of proprietary ski profiles that debut every year, choosing the right profile can seem like a daunting task. backcountry expert gearhead bill porreca breaks down your options. the profile shape of a ski is a primary determinant for how a ski will interact with the snow, making profile an important feature to consider when selecting a pair of skis. while there exist a lot of variations of each, and every manufacturer has a different name for them, there are essentially four basic types of profiles: traditional camber, directional rocker, hybrid rocker, and full rocker. all [...] pace measom october 1, 2015 read more facebook twitter google+ email the matterhorn sweepstakes saga climbing the iconic peak on the 150th anniversary of the first ascent, powered by mammut. “climb if you will, but remember that courage and strength are nought without prudence, and that a momentary negligence may destroy the happiness of a lifetime. do nothing in haste; look well to each step; and from the beginning think what may be the end.” edward whymper so people really do win these things the matterhorn is perhaps the most famous, most recognized mountain on the planet. it’s the crown jewel of the swiss alps and its likeness can be found on everything from deodorant [...] 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 11 12 13 14 15 16 17 18 19 20 21 22 next discover more need help? talk to our gearheads 24/7 about your needs.1.800.233.7159live chatlive chatlive chat unavailablecall: 1.800.409.4502stay in the knowsign up for backcountry news, sales and deals sign up for backcountry news, sales and dealsnews letter get newsunsubscribeput a goat on ithelmet, bumper, you name it. put a goat on it.send me a stickershop by categoryorder statussend me a stickergive your friends $10refer your friendsgift certificatesgive an e-gift certificatepopular pages home men's clothing women's clothing kids' clothing hike & camp bike run climb ski snowboard paddle fly fishing download the app mountain hardwear ghost whisperer jacket gopro hero4 silver edition sorel joan of arctic boot the north face apex bionic softshell jacket oakley frogskins sunglasses the north face aconcagua down jacket garmin forerunner 220 the north face denali fleece jacket the north face arctic down parka resources returns order status sale item policy sales tax policy updated privacy policy international shipping policy learning resources more faqs in our help center about backcountryabout backcountrygroup salesland your dream jobaffiliate programadvertise with ussite mapwhat's wrong with this page?facebooklike us on facebooktwitter@backcountrycominstagram@backcountrycomgoogle plus+backcountrydownload the backcountry app.© backcountry.com – all rights reserved   siteid: 1 sitecode: bcs transient: true sec status: 0 catalog: catalog:bcs pricelist: pricelist:listprices salepricelist: pricelist:saleprices isdev: no is mobile (touch): no protocol: http port: 80 storeserverurl: http:///store/catalog/categorylanding.jsp securestoreserverurl: http://www.backcountry.com request locale:en_us_1 profile locale: template parameters navigation: /navigation/categoriesnav.jsp header: /includes/header.jsp navigationflyouts: /navigation/categoriesnavflyout.jsp sitename: backcountry.com defaultbody: /catalog/bcs/include/categorypage.jsp pagestart: /includes/pagestart.jsp footer: /includes/bcs/footer.jsp logourl: /images/bcs/bc-logo.png displayname: /includes/displayname.jsp pageend: /includes/pageend.jsp productdisplaybox: /catalog/include/productdisplaybox.jsp template inheritance tree /backcountry/layout/templates/bcs/categoryhomepage /backcountry/layout/templates/bcs/standardpage /backcountry/layout/templates/standardpage