来源URL: https://web.archive.org/web/20161230174342/http://www.backcountry.com/backcountry-gift-certificate
================================================================================

backcountry egift certificate | backcountry.comforgot?sign insigning in ...create an accountpasswords are case-sensitive, and must be at least 8 characters in length.create accountsign inmy accountcontact uscallchatchat unavailablemy account chat 1-800-409-4502 giftsbackcountry gift guideno matter who you’re shopping for, you’re sure to find the perfect gift among these hand-picked selections from backcountry gearheads, our outdoors experts.backcountry gift cardthe perfect gift for anyone who is looking for the best selection of premium brands and products.new arrivalswomentopspantsdresses & skirtsjacketsswimwearaccessoriesfootwearshop allmenshirtspantsshortshoodies & sweatersjacketsaccessoriesfootwearshop allgearskisnowboardhike & campclimbbackpacksurf & paddlefitnessaccessoriesbrandsrhoneparks projectspot satellitetepuitotem camsvitamin atraskbrandsshop over a thousand brands#abcdefghijklmnopqrstuvwxyzactivitiesskisnowboardhike & campbikeclimbfitnessfly fishrunpaddlesurfsnowshoetravelwomenclothingjacketstopspantsshortsdresses & skirtsbaselayersunderwearswimwearfootwearbootsshoessandalsslipperssocksallaccessorieshead & neck weareyeweargloves & mittenselectronicswatcheshandbagsbackpacksblanketsallshop by activityskisnowboardfitnessclimbhike & campbikerunmenclothingjacketshoodies & sweatersshirtspantsshortsbaselayersunderwearswimwearfootwearbootsshoessandalsslipperssocksallaccessorieshead & neck weareyeweargloves & mittenselectronicswatchesbackpacks & bagsblanketsallshop by activityskisnowboardfitnesshike & campclimbrunfly fishbikekidsboysouterwearclothingfootweargirlsouterwearclothingfootweartoddlers & infantsouterwearclothingfootwearaccessoriesheadweareyeweargloves & mittensstrollers & joggerssalemenouterwearclothingfootwearaccessorieswomenouterwearclothingfootwearaccessorieskidsboys' clothinggirls' clothingtoddlerinfantaccessoriesshop by activityhike & campbikeskisnowboardpaddleclimb free 2-day shipping on orders over $50* happy new gear save up to 30% in our year-end salegift cardsbackcountry egift certificate$25.00 - $500.00select your amountselect optionsselect options$25.00$30.00$40.00$50.00$100.00$125.00$150.00$175.00$200.00$225.00$250.00$500.00recipient's namerecipient's emailleave gift notesquantity add to cartadd to wish list050be the first to reviewdetailsgifting made easy.it's never too late to give someone the perfect gift. the backcountry egift certficate is delivered via email, and can be redeemed online immediately. with a huge selection of outdoor gear and apparel to choose from, backcountry.com has something for everyone, even those hard-to-please people on your list. you can choose to have the egift certificate sent directly to the intended recipient; just enter their email address. if you would prefer to forward the gift certificate to them on a later date, enter your email address so you can forward the certificate when you like. the egift certificate is redeemable on the following backcountry sites: backcountry.com, competitivecyclist.com, steepandcheap.com, and motosport.com. for complete details, see www.backcountry.com/sc/gift-card-policydelivered via email, and can be redeemed online immediatelyegift certificate never expiresemail arrives within 24 hours of purchaseitem #bcs0021learn morereviewsq & awhat do you think about this product?write a reviewhave questions about this product?ask a questioneverythingwrite a reviewask a questionshare a photoshare a videoreviewsstraight up sucksnot recommendedadequate for the jobpretty coollove ityour review title is required.titlereviewadd photoadd videochoose a photochoose a videono file chosenrather attach a photo from your computer?familiarity:share how you have used iti've put it through the wringeri've used it several timesi've used it once or twice and have initial impressionsi returned this product before using iti gave it as a gift but have feedback to shareonly jpg, jpeg, png, gif or bmp files please.submitcancelreviewstitleyour review title is required.add photoadd videochoose a photochoose a videono file chosenrather attach a photo from your computer?familiarity:share how you have used iti've put it through the wringeri've used it several timesi've used it once or twice and have initial impressionsi returned this product before using iti gave it as a gift but have feedback to shareonly jpg, jpeg, png, gif or bmp files please.submitcancelreviewstitleyour review title is required.descriptionchoose a photochoose a videono file chosenrather attach a photo from your computer?familiarity:share how you have used iti've put it through the wringeri've used it several timesi've used it once or twice and have initial impressionsi returned this product before using iti gave it as a gift but have feedback to shareonly jpg, jpeg, png, gif or bmp files please.submitcancelreviewstitleyour review title is required.descriptionchoose a photochoose a videono file chosenrather attach a photo from your computer?familiarity:share how you have used iti've put it through the wringeri've used it several timesi've used it once or twice and have initial impressionsi returned this product before using iti gave it as a gift but have feedback to shareonly jpg, jpeg, png, gif or bmp files please.submitcancelviewallreviewsphotosvideosruns smalltrue to sizeruns largeall fit inforeview by michael b. on december 19, 2011recommend!!! five starshighly recommended: i just bought one of these as a gift for a friend. i messed up the email address and customer service was at a minimum 11 out of 10 stars in helping remedy the problem. i would not only recommend the gift card, but backcountry.com for outdoor enthusiast equipment. they are awesome, have awesome products and great affiliate web sites...michael b.commentpost a commentpost comment was this helpful?1flag inappropriatereview by matt r on november 3, 2011one of the best gifts you can get!actually my first experience with this was when backcountry.com sent me an email telling me that i got $10 off my next order. the email said that it was just $10 off, straight up, no strings attached. the offer expired in a few weeks so i didn't want a free $10 to go to waste. i decided to put the "no strings attached" promise to the test. i was happy to discover that i could indeed use my free $10 towards a $25 gift certificate, locking in this free money for two years. i later used this gift certificate towards the purchase of much needed clothing. can't think of too many places i'd rather get a gift certificate for.matt rcommentpost a commentpost comment was this helpful?1flag inappropriatereview by ross solomon on july 14, 2011ah, the backcountry gift cardthat warm, fuzzy feeling you get when you get the gift of outdoor goodies from your loved ones? well, it's now available in an e-mail. don't think i've ever met anyone who doesn't love getting these.ross solomoncommentpost a commentpost comment was this helpful?3flag inappropriatereview by lynette y. on june 20, 2010they value my businessi purchased over $75 of north face tee shirts for my husband. they are the best shirts in the whole wide world, and pricey. i did not notice the discloser that free shipping was offered only to the lower 48 of which hawaii is not. i contacted them to cancel my order when i received my email receipt. to my surprise, they offered me free shipping for this order. i realize this is a one time gesture, and i really appreciate that. as much as i am discouraged by shipping costs (the reason for the 4 stars, instead of 5), i will certainly shop here again. their retail prices are really, really good.lynette y.commentpost a commentpost comment was this helpful?3flag inappropriatereview by broken on january 31, 2010this does not workso i gave this gift certificate to my boyfriend, zachary, and he took it to buy something and they did not let him use it! so then zachary came to my house and broke up with me because he thought that i used it already and gave it to him still! i said i did not ( since i didn't) but then called him a liar and said maybe you used and told me this lie to get me to get him another one. i have not seen him since then and hope that he regrets this! don't buy this product! - broken up with because of this productbrokencommentpost a commentpost comment was this helpful?4flag inappropriatecomment by fernando octavio brendinberger on february 26, 2010as backcountry.com turns!fernando octavio brendinbergercommentpost a commentpost comment was this helpful?1flag inappropriatecomment by matt on september 12, 2011ahhh...wow.mattcommentpost a commentpost comment was this helpful?3flag inappropriatecomment by coloradoman on may 12, 2012sounds like a solid relationshipcoloradomancommentpost a commentpost comment was this helpful?1flag inappropriatephoto by robyn pollock on december 22, 2009merry christmas, chase!robyn pollockcommentpost a commentpost comment was this helpful?1flag inappropriatereview by tim on december 15, 2009disappointedi wanted to get a gift card to give my nephew for christmas. but all you have to offer is an e-mail.timcommentpost a commentpost comment was this helpful?0flag inappropriatecomment by jesse trimble on december 17, 2009buy the gift certificate online, print it out and put it in a christmas card. giftcard!jesse trimblecommentpost a commentpost comment was this helpful?2flag inappropriatecomment by brent arnold on january 3, 2010i agree with the answer above. print the thing out, and give that as a gift.brent arnoldcommentpost a commentpost comment was this helpful?1flag inappropriatecomment by wfscot on december 24, 2016they offer real gift cards as well. just search for "backcountry gift card".wfscotcommentpost a commentpost comment was this helpful?0flag inappropriatephoto by fredrick farber on december 10, 2009merry christmasthis is the best photo i could find. john and victoria share this gift certificate.fredrick farbercommentpost a commentpost comment was this helpful?3flag inappropriateproductimage flagged as spam. click here to view.review by steve tibbitts on october 24, 2009nice gift!come on.....what can you really say in a review about a gift certificate!?! okay, every time i've gotten them they've shown up to the recipient within 1-2 hours of purchase, if you get them before the afternoon mountain time, otherwise sometimes they can take overnight. and they work at the coolest gear store on the planet:)steve tibbittscommentpost a commentpost comment was this helpful?0flag inappropriatephoto by cindy s. on october 10, 2009cindy scardinocindy s.commentpost a commentpost comment was this helpful?3flag inappropriatecomment flagged as duplicate. click here to view.comment by mario sarrica on january 6, 2010looks like she liked it:)mario sarricacommentpost a commentpost comment was this helpful?0flag inappropriatereview by bcrockett on december 29, 2008takes 24h or so to arrive!everybody love backcountry.com, so a gift cert is a great ideabut make sure you realize that they don't send them out immediately. so if you're doing last minute shopping, you should realize that the person you're ordering for won't receive their e-gift for about 24 hours.bcrockettcommentpost a commentpost comment was this helpful?1flag inappropriatecomment by brent arnold on january 3, 2010it can come much quicker than that though. also, if it is last minute once you get it all you have to do is print it out so it is better than having to wait on something from the mail to get to them.brent arnoldcommentpost a commentpost comment was this helpful?0flag inappropriatereview by dbrohm on december 23, 2008print image of gift cert to give as a giftthere's really nothing better than a backcountry.com gift certificate. the possibilities are endless! and if you'll be giving a gift certificate as a gift this year, i recommend printing out the image of the gift cert (shown above). then just write the gift cert # and password on it, throw it under the tree, and you're good to go.dbrohmcommentpost a commentpost comment was this helpful?1flag inappropriatereview by christian paul on may 19, 2008great gift idea.don't know what to get the person you are shopping for? cold hard cash is never bad idea. this way you can make someone's birthday or holiday and not have to worry about rushing last minute to get those gifts. beat the crowds and send a gift certificate.christian paul☃bcs_badge_alumni_label☃commentpost a commentpost comment was this helpful?0flag inappropriatereview by c. rice on november 27, 2006gift certificatethe whole email thing was pretty slick... although it did take a phone call to re-issue the gift certificate, as it failed the first attempt. customer service reps were helpful and solved the problem right away. new certificate within 12 hours! what service!c. ricecommentpost a commentpost comment was this helpful?0flag inappropriatecomment by brent arnold on january 3, 2010i know! i totally agree that backcountry.com has the best service around.brent arnoldcommentpost a commentpost comment was this helpful?0flag inappropriatereview by eric miller on august 23, 2006the best gift to givewhat's better than the gift of gear? a gift certificate! give that gear junkie the gift of picking their gear. this is a great gift for the person who already has everything or those who are hard to shop for.eric millercommentpost a commentpost comment was this helpful?0flag inappropriatereview by shaus on march 1, 2006what could be betternothing beats free money at this place? if they like the outdoors at all, they will love a gift certificate! besides, this way you never have to worry about getting the wrong size.shauscommentpost a commentpost comment was this helpful?0flag inappropriatequestion by darek on april 18, 2012hello. i want to try backcountry, but i...hello. i want to try backcountry, but i don't know which ski choose, maybe someone help me? thanks for helpdarekhave an answer?answer darek's questionadd a photo(optional)from your computerfrom another websitesubmit was this helpful?0flag inappropriateanswer by josh chapman on april 23, 2012hey darek, there are a lot of factors that go into choosing the right ski. i recommend using our "chat now" feature located in the upper right-hand corner of the page. this will connect you one of our knowledgable gearheads who can get the necessary information in recommending the ski for you.josh chapmancommentpost a commentpost comment was this helpful?0flag inappropriatequestion by phoebe j. on november 22, 2011hi...do gift cards expire? i know i still...hi...do gift cards expire? i know i still have some money left on a gift card, but i'm not sure how to access it because the link i clicked on in my email doesn't work any more. thanks so much!!phoebe j.have an answer?answer phoebe j.'s questionadd a photo(optional)from your computerfrom another websitesubmit was this helpful?0flag inappropriateanswer by zak harris on november 23, 2011contact customer service. if it has expired they should be able to re-activate it for you and tell you what the balance is that's left on it.zak harriscommentpost a commentpost comment was this helpful?0flag inappropriateunanswered questionquestion by tom wallace on september 13, 2011what can i do with the points i accumulate...what can i do with the points i accumulate from being part of the community? i am sure this is explained somewhere but i couldn't find it.tom wallacehave an answer?answer tom wallace's questionadd a photo(optional)from your computerfrom another websitesubmit was this helpful?0flag inappropriateunanswered questionquestion by nathan m. on march 10, 2011it is not send it to my email??it is not send it to my email¿?nathan m.have an answer?answer nathan m.'s questionadd a photo(optional)from your computerfrom another websitesubmit was this helpful?0flag inappropriateunanswered questionquestion by nathan m. on march 10, 2011please i purchased yesterday a gift card...please i purchased yesterday a gift card for my own and i do not yet received ... why? just only 2 in stock the shoes that i want.. some info please...nathan m.have an answer?answer nathan m.'s questionadd a photo(optional)from your computerfrom another websitesubmit was this helpful?0flag inappropriateunanswered questionquestion by monique b. on december 23, 2010hi, i received an email stating i sent a...hi, i received an email stating i sent a $25 gift certificate to myself, but i didnt. so when i tried to use it the checkout page said there was only $9 on it...im confused because i just got the email, does anyone know whats goin on?monique b.have an answer?answer monique b.'s questionadd a photo(optional)from your computerfrom another websitesubmit was this helpful?0flag inappropriatequestion by sarah mccoy on november 29, 2010hi, do the gift certificates work on steep...hi, do the gift certificates work on steep and cheap?sarah mccoyhave an answer?answer sarah mccoy's questionadd a photo(optional)from your computerfrom another websitesubmit was this helpful?0flag inappropriateanswer by josh chapman on november 30, 2010hey sarah, no they do not. only the "main sites" such as backcountry and dogfunk which has it's own gift certificate as well.josh chapmancommentpost a commentpost comment was this helpful?0flag inappropriateanswer by cory guru on november 30, 2010nope. will only work on our retail sites: backcountry.com, dogfunk.com, realcyclist.com, hucknroll.com, and departmentofgoods.com.cory guru☃bcs_badge_alumni_label☃commentpost a commentpost comment was this helpful?0flag inappropriatequestion by brooks johnson on may 27, 2010hi, i am interested in purchasing a stand...hi, i am interested in purchasing a stand up paddleboard (paddle, leash, etc.), and i was thinking about buying gift certificates over time, and using them as a sort of layaway program until i've bought enough to cover the cost of the purchases. here's my question; say it takes me six months or so to save enough gift certificates to make the purchases, can i ensure the model i want (c4waterman standem) is still available? thanks in advance for your time! brooksbrooks johnsonhave an answer?answer brooks johnson's questionadd a photo(optional)from your computerfrom another websitesubmit was this helpful?0flag inappropriatebest answeranswer by cory guru on may 27, 2010nice setup!! but sorry, no, the only way to reserve an item and pull it from inventory is to purchase it.cory guru☃bcs_badge_alumni_label☃commentpost a commentpost comment was this helpful?3flag inappropriatequestion flagged as irrelevant talk. click here to view.question by victor on january 7, 2010thank you, angus! in itself, as a response...thank you, angus! in itself, as a response so promptly made and thoughtfully sent, i continue to be grateful for and inspired by backcountry and the community that supports it. my troubles with this gear certificate remain (for reasons i'll mention), but i wanted to mention that i made a purchase anyway, and regardless of the fate of a certificate i have only myself to blame for its datedness, i will continue to be a strong advocate of the backcountry enterprise. the paper gear certificate issued in 2003 has an "authorized gear guru" signature on it, in real ink, (name of guru: gilbert) and because my brother was never in utah, i conclude that the certificate must have been sent to him in the mail - perhaps before the e-certificates became a common practice. the certificate measures about 3.75in high x 8.5in. wide, and has the logo of a mountain peak in the background, stretching the width of the card. but besides the 5-digit code, there is no further information.victorhave an answer?answer victor's questionadd a photo(optional)from your computerfrom another websitesubmit was this helpful?0flag inappropriatebest answeranswer by angus bohanon on january 7, 2010that's the most positive response i've ever gotten. i'm actually so jaded that i thought you were being sarcastic at first. given your new set of circumstances, it would seem that the protocol for gift certificates has changed since yours was issued. i'd get on live chat again, explain the situation again (including that you're now sure it's the right store), and maybe they can send you a new one. you'd think the old one would be on record somewhere so they could verify it. otherwise, assuming you already tried entering the code where i told you and that didn't work, you may just have to cut your losses. hope there wasn't too much money on the certificate (and that you can actually get to it somehow), and good luck!angus bohanoncommentpost a commentpost comment was this helpful?4flag inappropriatequestion by victor on january 7, 2010i have a paper gift certificate that is...i have a paper gift certificate that is quite old...a gift from my brother for my birthday in 2003. while the gift certificate states that it will not expire, and while there is a 5-digit code stamped on the front, i do not know how or indeed if it can be redeemed via your on-line store. i received great help from one of your staff with whom i "chatted" on-line. at the end of that conversation, i had convinced both him and myself that i had mistaken "the backcountry store" with backcountry, given that the certificate listed the following website: "www.backcountrystore.com." but when, subsequently, i searched on-line for "the backcountry store," every search directed me to your store. and for further confirmation, i checked other details on my paper certificate: and indeed, the telephone number and location matched up exactly with yours. this leaves me wondering what to do with this "gear certificate"? and ultimately can it be redeemed?victorhave an answer?answer victor's questionadd a photo(optional)from your computerfrom another websitesubmit was this helpful?0flag inappropriatebest answeranswer by angus bohanon on january 7, 2010when you get to checkout, look for a little link that says "gift certificate: click here to redeem." i attached a photo of what that looks like; it'll be under item 5: enter your payment information if you're not signed in or under item 1: verify your payment information if you are. hope that helps and hope you get your money. excellent sleuthing work too.angus bohanoncommentpost a commentpost comment was this helpful?3flag inappropriatequestion by chris b. on october 18, 2009can i use a backcountry gift certificate...can i use a backcountry gift certificate for steepandcheap or tramdock?chris b.have an answer?answer chris b.'s questionadd a photo(optional)from your computerfrom another websitesubmit was this helpful?0flag inappropriatebest answeranswer by angus bohanon on october 18, 2009nope, i tried that. it has to be used on backcountry, unfortunately.angus bohanoncommentpost a commentpost comment was this helpful?3flag inappropriatequestion by sbdivemaster on october 13, 2009can a gift certificate be spread out over...can a gift certificate be spread out over several purchases? example: if i had a $500 gift certificate, could i make five separate $100 purchases?sbdivemasterhave an answer?answer sbdivemaster's questionadd a photo(optional)from your computerfrom another websitesubmit was this helpful?0flag inappropriatebest answeranswer by angus bohanon on october 18, 2009absolutely. it's like store credit, you can spread it out as much as you want. i'd advise purchases no smaller than $50 though, you don't want to spend your certificate on shipping.angus bohanoncommentpost a commentpost comment was this helpful?6flag inappropriateanswer by snowbird on october 8, 2010also, keep in mind that you can only use one certificate per online order, so don't stock up on $50 certificates thinking you can use three of them on your $150 order.snowbirdcommentpost a commentpost comment was this helpful?2flag inappropriateanswer by joshua moore on january 9, 2011i have run into the problem of stocking up on gift certificates. ordering online did not support it. however you can jump on chat with backcountry and they will complete the order for you or even issue a brand new certificate that consolidates all your gift certificates into one.joshua moorecommentpost a commentpost comment was this helpful?0flag inappropriatequestion by cynthia c. on may 22, 2009hi, i purchased a $200 gift certificate...hi, i purchased a $200 gift certificate for my son-in-law for christmas 2008. my daughter deleted the email from back country that gave him the information about his certificate and the pass word he was supposed to use to access it. can this information be sent again, or is he just out of luck and out a $200 gift certificate? thank you, cynthiacynthia c.have an answer?answer cynthia c.'s questionadd a photo(optional)from your computerfrom another websitesubmit was this helpful?0flag inappropriateanswer by rob de luca on may 29, 2009if it hasn't been redeemed and it hasn't expired, he should be fine. a gearhead should be able to reissue the info for you; chat them up or call (800) 409-4502. hope that helps.rob de luca☃bcs_badge_alumni_label☃commentpost a commentpost comment was this helpful?0flag inappropriatequestion by jenna j. on may 12, 2009if i purchase a gift certificate on...if i purchase a gift certificate on backcoutry.com can it be used at backcountryoutlet.com?jenna j.have an answer?answer jenna j.'s questionadd a photo(optional)from your computerfrom another websitesubmit was this helpful?1flag inappropriatebest answeranswer by andrew on may 12, 2009yes it can.andrew ☃bcs_badge_alumni_label☃commentpost a commentpost comment was this helpful?1flag inappropriatequestion flagged as spam. click here to view.question by diane s. on february 27, 2009anyone can answer this one... i purchased...anyone can answer this one... i purchased a gift certificate and i want to forward it from my acct to her email... how do i do this so she can use the cert..???diane s.have an answer?answer diane s.'s questionadd a photo(optional)from your computerfrom another websitesubmit was this helpful?0flag inappropriatebest answeranswer by angus bohanon on february 27, 2009the discount code on the certificate can be used by anyone. whatever email you put in the box when you ordered it is where it'll go, so if it went to you then just forward the email and if it went to her, she already has it.angus bohanoncommentpost a commentpost comment was this helpful?1flag inappropriateunanswered questionquestion by noiedom on january 2, 2009someone in france wants to offer me a gift...someone in france wants to offer me a gift certificate (lucky me). however, france is not a country listed in the scroll menu for credit card payment (quite unbelievable...). some one why that is and can it be fixed? thanks.noiedomhave an answer?answer noiedom's questionadd a photo(optional)from your computerfrom another websitesubmit was this helpful?0flag inappropriatequestion flagged as spam. click here to view.question by seymour butts on december 10, 2008can you add more ca$h money to an existing...can you add more ca$h money to an existing gift certificate ? if not then how many certificates can you use towards one purchase ?seymour buttshave an answer?answer seymour butts's questionadd a photo(optional)from your computerfrom another websitesubmit was this helpful?0flag inappropriatebest answeranswer by angus bohanon on december 10, 2008nope, and you can only use one gift certificate per purchase. i had to split up an order to use both of my certificates just a few days ago.angus bohanoncommentpost a commentpost comment was this helpful?1flag inappropriate discover more need help? talk to our gearheads 24/7 about your needs.1.800.233.7159live chatlive chatlive chat unavailablecall: 1.800.409.4502stay in the knowsign up for backcountry news, sales and deals sign up for backcountry news, sales and dealsnews letter get newsunsubscribeput a goat on ithelmet, bumper, you name it. put a goat on it.send me a stickershop by categoryorder statussend me a stickergive your friends $10refer your friendsgift certificatesgive an e-gift certificatepopular pages home men's clothing women's clothing kids' clothing hike & camp bike run climb ski snowboard paddle fly fishing download the app mountain hardwear ghost whisperer jacket gopro hero4 silver edition sorel joan of arctic boot the north face apex bionic softshell jacket oakley frogskins sunglasses the north face aconcagua down jacket garmin forerunner 220 the north face denali fleece jacket the north face arctic down parka resources returns order status sale item policy sales tax policy updated privacy policy international shipping policy learning resources gift card terms & conditions about backcountryabout backcountrypress releasesgroup salesland your dream jobaffiliate programadvertise with ussite mapwhat's wrong with this page?facebooklike us on facebooktwitter@backcountrycominstagram@backcountrygoogle plus+backcountryyoutubebackcountryvideodownload the backcountry app.© backcountry.com – all rights reserved