来源URL: https://web.archive.org/web/20161230174342/http://www.backcountry.com/sc/press-release
================================================================================

press release | backcountry.com forgot? sign in signing in... create an account passwords are case-sensitive, and must be at least 8 characters in length. create account sign in my accountcontact uscallchatchat unavailablemy account chat 1-800-409-4502 giftsbackcountry gift guideno matter who you’re shopping for, you’re sure to find the perfect gift among these hand-picked selections from backcountry gearheads, our outdoors experts.backcountry gift cardthe perfect gift for anyone who is looking for the best selection of premium brands and products.new arrivalswomentopspantsdresses & skirtsjacketsswimwearaccessoriesfootwearshop allmenshirtspantsshortshoodies & sweatersjacketsaccessoriesfootwearshop allgearskisnowboardhike & campclimbbackpacksurf & paddlefitnessaccessoriesbrandsrhoneparks projectspot satellitetepuitotem camsvitamin atraskbrandsshop over a thousand brands#abcdefghijklmnopqrstuvwxyzactivitiesskisnowboardhike & campbikeclimbfitnessfly fishrunpaddlesurfsnowshoetravelwomenclothingjacketstopspantsshortsdresses & skirtsbaselayersunderwearswimwearfootwearbootsshoessandalsslipperssocksallaccessorieshead & neck weareyeweargloves & mittenselectronicswatcheshandbagsbackpacksblanketsallshop by activityskisnowboardfitnessclimbhike & campbikerunmenclothingjacketshoodies & sweatersshirtspantsshortsbaselayersunderwearswimwearfootwearbootsshoessandalsslipperssocksallaccessorieshead & neck weareyeweargloves & mittenselectronicswatchesbackpacks & bagsblanketsallshop by activityskisnowboardfitnesshike & campclimbrunfly fishbikekidsboysouterwearclothingfootweargirlsouterwearclothingfootweartoddlers & infantsouterwearclothingfootwearaccessoriesheadweareyeweargloves & mittensstrollers & joggerssalemenouterwearclothingfootwearaccessorieswomenouterwearclothingfootwearaccessorieskidsboys' clothinggirls' clothingtoddlerinfantaccessoriesshop by activityhike & campbikeskisnowboardpaddleclimb free 2-day shipping on orders over $50* news show less ...read more backcountry seeks to expand its gearhead program to colorado november 1, 2016 park city, ut — backcountry is seeking to expand its team of gearheads and is looking for candidates in colorado to fill seasonal positions. if you’re an avid cyclist, climber, skier, snow-boarder, fly fisherman or hiker and love connecting people to their passions and new adventures, becoming a backcountry gearhead may be a great opportunity for you. gearheads are backcountry’s unique customer service agents, trained to bring their passion and gear knowledge to customers via phone or chat. gearheads pride themselves on their in-depth technical knowledge of gear, as well as the love they have of the activities the gear is used for and the adventures gear enables. gearheads have been there, they’ve done it, and they’ve tried all the gear for you. they’ll recommend what’s best and make your next adventure even better! gearhead operations is a division at backcountry that focuses on making sure that gearheads have the answer to everything backcountry’s customers might possibly want to know before they even think of the question. gearheads have the amazing opportunity to learn more about the outdoor industry by attending company and vendor-sponsored workshops on the latest technologies and products from the world’s top outdoor retailers. backcountry values and rewards hard work, gear passion, and a get-it-done attitude. at gearhead operations, we are obsessed with creating loyal, repeat customers through our incredible service. about backcountry backcountry is the leading online retailer of premium outdoor gear. backcountry’s mission is to connect people to their passions. we create remarkable customer experiences through the best selection of outdoor product, a flawless shopping experience, the expertise of our gearheads, the lightning speed of our fulfillment, and the shared knowledge of our community. backcountry operates six online specialty stores -backcountry, competitive cyclist, motosport, bergfreunde, steepandcheap, and whiskeymilitia. backcountry and its specialty stores focus on skiing, snowboarding, biking, climbing, fly fishing, and camping. for additional information, please view current gearhead openings at http://www.backcountrycorp.com/ or email hr@backcountry.com show less ...read more backcountry seeks to expand its gearhead program to illinois november 1, 2016 park city, ut — backcountry is seeking to expand its team of gearheads and is looking for candidates in illinois to fill seasonal positions. if you’re an avid cyclist, climber, skier, snow-boarder, fly fisherman or hiker and love connecting people to their passions and new adventures, becoming a backcountry gearhead may be a great opportunity for you. gearheads are backcountry’s unique customer service agents, trained to bring their passion and gear knowledge to customers via phone or chat. gearheads pride themselves on their in-depth technical knowledge of gear, as well as the love they have of the activities the gear is used for and the adventures gear enables. gearheads have been there, they’ve done it, and they’ve tried all the gear for you. they’ll recommend what’s best and make your next adventure even better! gearhead operations is a division at backcountry that focuses on making sure that gearheads have the answer to everything backcountry’s customers might possibly want to know before they even think of the question. gearheads have the amazing opportunity to learn more about the outdoor industry by attending company and vendor-sponsored workshops on the latest technologies and products from the world’s top outdoor retailers. backcountry values and rewards hard work, gear passion, and a get-it-done attitude. at gearhead operations, we are obsessed with creating loyal, repeat customers through our incredible service. about backcountry backcountry is the leading online retailer of premium outdoor gear. backcountry’s mission is to connect people to their passions. we create remarkable customer experiences through the best selection of outdoor product, a flawless shopping experience, the expertise of our gearheads, the lightning speed of our fulfillment, and the shared knowledge of our community. backcountry operates six online specialty stores -backcountry, competitive cyclist, motosport, bergfreunde, steepandcheap, and whiskeymilitia. backcountry and its specialty stores focus on skiing, snowboarding, biking, climbing, fly fishing, and camping. for additional information, please view current gearhead openings at http://www.backcountrycorp.com/ or email hr@backcountry.com show less ...read more backcountry seeks to expand its gearhead program to new york october 15, 2016 park city, ut — backcountry is seeking to expand its team of gearheads and is looking for candidates in new york york to fill seasonal positions. if you’re an avid cyclist, climber, skier, snow-boarder, fly fisherman or hiker and love connecting people to their passions and new adventures, becoming a backcountry gearhead may be a great opportunity for you. gearheads are backcountry’s unique customer service agents, trained to bring their passion and gear knowledge to customers via phone or chat. gearheads pride themselves on their in-depth technical knowledge of gear, as well as the love they have of the activities the gear is used for and the adventures gear enables. gearheads have been there, they’ve done it, and they’ve tried all the gear for you. they’ll recommend what’s best and make your next adventure even better! gearhead operations is a division at backcountry that focuses on making sure that gearheads have the answer to everything backcountry’s customers might possibly want to know before they even think of the question. gearheads have the amazing opportunity to learn more about the outdoor industry by attending company and vendor-sponsored workshops on the latest technologies and products from the world’s top outdoor retailers. backcountry values and rewards hard work, gear passion, and a get-it-done attitude. at gearhead operations, we are obsessed with creating loyal, repeat customers through our incredible service. about backcountry backcountry is the leading online retailer of premium outdoor gear. backcountry’s mission is to connect people to their passions. we create remarkable customer experiences through the best selection of outdoor product, a flawless shopping experience, the expertise of our gearheads, the lightning speed of our fulfillment, and the shared knowledge of our community. backcountry operates six online specialty stores -backcountry, competitive cyclist, motosport, bergfreunde, steepandcheap, and whiskeymilitia. backcountry and its specialty stores focus on skiing, snowboarding, biking, climbing, fly fishing, and camping. for additional information, please view current gearhead openings at http://www.backcountrycorp.com/ or email hr@backcountry.com show less ...read more backcountry announces partnership as a sponsor with westchester parks foundation event in new york: mutts on the mountain 5k and lazy dog fun run september 20, 2016 park city, ut — backcountry.com (“backcountry”) is pleased to announce its partnership with westchester parks foundation as a sponsor of the organization’s first annual mutts on the mountain 5k and fun run at the blue mountain reservation in peekskill, ny. to be held on october 1, 2016, the mutts on the mountain event will feature a 5k consisting of 3.1 miles of technical single track, featuring several steep climbs, water crossings, two rock scrambles, and nearly 500 feet of elevation gain, and a lazy dog fun run, a 1-mile romp combining single and double track, designed for smaller and/or older dogs. “mutts and mountains? those are two of backcountry’s favorite things, so naturally we couldn’t pass up the opportunity to support this event. we’re happy to partner with the westchester parks foundation in support the local community, their parks and their pups,” said gian colombo, head of brand for backcountry. “we are thrilled that backcountry has chosen to be a sponsor of what will be a great family-fun event and the first of its kind in the tri-state area,” added joanne fernandez, chair of the board for westchester parks foundation. “this kind of partnership is so important because it helps us expand the reach of our mission – to bring awareness to the more than 18,000 acres of beautiful parkland in westchester county, new york.” for more information about the race and to register, visit the westchester parks foundation website. about backcountry backcountry.com is the leading online retailer of outdoor gear and apparel for skiing, snowboarding, biking, climbing, fly fishing, hiking, camping, and more. founded in the park city, ut area in 1996, backcountry connects people to their passions by offering the best selection of outdoor product, backed up by responsive customer service provided by its corps of gearheads, and rapid fulfillment out of its two warehouse hubs. backcountry operates five additional online specialty stores: competitive cyclist, motosport.com, steep&cheap, whiskeymilitia, and bergfreunde.de, which is based in germany. about westchester parks foundation westchester parks foundation is a 501(c)3 not-for-profit, philanthropic organization which provides private support to preserve the county’s park system and improve the quality of life in our communities. westchester parks foundation’s mission is to engage the public to advocate for and invest in the preservation, conservation, use, and enjoyment of the 18,000 acres of parks, trails, and open spaces within the westchester county parks system. for more information, visit thewpf.org. about blue mountain reservation blue mountain reservation is a 1,538-acre park in the northwest section of westchester county. it features miles of trails for mountain biking, strolling and nature study, and offers challenging hikes to the tops of two large peaks, mt. spitzenberg and blue mountain. it is a facility of the westchester county department of parks, recreation and conservation. show less ...read more competitive cyclist sponsors grinduro event in california august 22, 2016 park city, ut — as an official sponsor of grinduro, “one of the most exciting dirt road races in existence,” online bike retailer competitive cyclist is giving away a trip to the sold-out 2016 edition of the event, plus a few other grinduro-themed prizes. cyclists can go to http://competitivecyclist.com/sc/grinduro-giveaway to enter. “we believe that grinduro captures the beauty of cycling by emphasizing the social and artistic underpinnings of the sport while still maintaining the element of competition. that is where cycling is going, and we are excited to be a part of it,” said will sladek, vice president for competitive cyclist. held from october 7, 2016 to october 9, 2016, the grinduro california event will begin in quincy, california and wind its way through the beautiful sierra nevada mountains. riders must complete a 60-mile loop with a mix of paved roads, gravel roads and singletrack. this format creates a festive, social atmosphere, but competitive riders can still prove themselves on the timed segments. riding bikes all day is only half the fun of grinduro. riders will be treated to gourmet food, camping, parties, and an art & bike exhibit featuring some of the best handmade bikes. the initial event, held in 2015, was such a success that this year’s edition sold out rapidly. about competitive cyclist competitive cyclist is the leading online specialty retailer of road and mountain bikes, components, apparel and accessories. competitive cyclist delivers the knowledgeable, personalized service and custom build capability of the best local bike shops, combined with the breadth of selection only possible online. founded in arkansas by diehard cyclists in 1999, competitive cyclist joined the family of companies owned by backcountry.com in 2011. backcountry.com is the leading online retailer of outdoor gear and apparel for skiing, snowboarding, biking, climbing, fly fishing, hiking, camping, and more. founded in the park city, ut area in 1996, backcountry connects people to their passions by offering the best selection of outdoor product, backed up by responsive customer service provided by its corps of gearheads, and rapid fulfillment out of its two warehouse hubs. backcountry operates five additional online specialty stores: competitive cyclist, motosport.com, steep&cheap, whiskeymilitia, and bergfreunde.de, which is based in germany. contact: will sladek, vp, competitive cyclist show less ...read more backcountry expanding its gearhead program to california august 9, 2016 park city, ut — backcountry.com is seeking to expand its team of gearheads and is looking for candidates in california to work remotely to fill seasonal positions. gearheads are backcountry’s unique customer service agents, trained to bring their passion and gear knowledge to customers via phone or chat. avid cyclists, climbers, skiers, snowboarders, fly fishermen, campers, and hikers who are knowledgeable about their sports and the equipment requirements of each, who love talking gear, and who are looking for a flexible, work-from-home opportunity are encouraged to apply. gearhead operations is a division at backcountry that focuses on making shopping on the backcountry.com website a positive experience for customers and creating loyal repeat customers by providing the highest level of service. backcountry values and rewards hard work, gear passion, and a get-it-done attitude. for additional information, please view current gearhead openings at http://www.backcountrycorp.com/ or email hr@backcountry.com about backcountry backcountry.com is the leading online retailer of outdoor gear and apparel for skiing, snowboarding, biking, climbing, fly fishing, hiking, camping, and more. founded in the park city, ut area in 1996, backcountry connects people to their passions by offering the best selection of outdoor product, backed up by responsive customer service provided by its corps of gearheads, and rapid fulfillment out of its two warehouse hubs. backcountry operates five additional online specialty stores: competitive cyclist, motosport.com, steep&cheap, whiskeymilitia, and bergfreunde.de, which is based in germany. contact: chris purkey, gearhead operations discover more need help? talk to our gearheads 24/7 about your needs.1.800.233.7159live chatlive chatlive chat unavailablecall: 1.800.409.4502stay in the knowsign up for backcountry news, sales and deals sign up for backcountry news, sales and dealsnews letter get newsunsubscribeput a goat on ithelmet, bumper, you name it. put a goat on it.send me a stickershop by categoryorder statussend me a stickergive your friends $10refer your friendsgift certificatesgive an e-gift certificatepopular pages home men's clothing women's clothing kids' clothing hike & camp bike run climb ski snowboard paddle fly fishing download the app mountain hardwear ghost whisperer jacket gopro hero4 silver edition sorel joan of arctic boot the north face apex bionic softshell jacket oakley frogskins sunglasses the north face aconcagua down jacket garmin forerunner 220 the north face denali fleece jacket the north face arctic down parka resources returns order status sale item policy sales tax policy updated privacy policy international shipping policy learning resources gift card terms & conditions about backcountryabout backcountrypress releasesgroup salesland your dream jobaffiliate programadvertise with ussite mapwhat's wrong with this page?facebooklike us on facebooktwitter@backcountrycominstagram@backcountrygoogle plus+backcountryyoutubebackcountryvideodownload the backcountry app.© backcountry.com – all rights reserved siteid: 1 sitecode: bcs transient: true sec status: 0 catalog: catalog:bcs pricelist: pricelist:listprices salepricelist: pricelist:saleprices isdev: no is mobile (touch): no protocol: http port: 80 storeserverurl: http:///store/content/responsivecontentlanding.jsp securestoreserverurl: http://www.backcountry.com request locale:en_us_1 profile locale: template parameters footer: /includes/bcs/footer.jsp displayname: /includes/displayname.jsp productdisplaybox: /catalog/include/productdisplaybox.jsp sitename: backcountry.com navigationflyouts: /navigation/categoriesnavflyout.jsp logourl: /images/bcs/bc-logo.png navigation: /navigation/categoriesnav.jsp pagestart: /includes/pagestart.jsp pageend: /includes/pageend.jsp header: /includes/header.jsp template inheritance tree /backcountry/layout/templates/bcs/standardpage /backcountry/layout/templates/standardpage