来源URL: https://web.archive.org/web/20171228155156/https://www.backcountry.com/backcountry-gift-certificate
================================================================================

backcountry egift certificate | backcountry.comforgot?sign insigning in ...create an accountpasswords are case-sensitive, and must be at least 8 characters in length.create accountsign inwhen you create an account, you agree to our terms of use and consent to our privacy policy. free 2-day shipping on orders over $50 my accountcontact uscallmy account 1-800-409-4502 gearheadsmeet our gearheads.backcountry gearheads are your partners in adventure. they're outdoors experts with the knowledge and experience to guide you to the right gear and apparel.find your gearheadnew arrivalswomenjacketsveststopsdresses & skirtspantsshortsbaselayersunderwear & sleepwearswimwearfootwearaccessoriesshop allmenjacketsvestsshirtshoodies & sweaterspantsshortsbaselayersunderwear & sleepwearswimwearfootwearaccessoriesshop allactivitiesskisnowboardhike & campbikeclimbrun & trainingsnowshoepaddlesurffly fishyogatravelbrandspatagoniathe north faceospreybig agnesmarmotpranaarc'teryxbrandsshop over a thousand brands#abcdefghijklmnopqrstuvwxyzactivitiesskisnowboardhike & campbikeclimbrun & trainingsnowshoepaddlesurffly fishyogatravelwomenclothingjacketsveststopsdresses & skirtspantsshortsbaselayersunderwear & sleepwearswimwearshop allfootwearcasualhikingwinterrainrunningapproachwatersandalsslippersaccessoriesshop allaccessorieshatsbeaniesneckweargloves & mittensgaiterssockssunglasseswatcheselectronicsbags & daypacksblankets & beach towelsshop allactivitiesskisnowboardhike & campbikeclimbrun & trainingsnowshoepaddlesurffly fishyogatravelshop allmenclothingjacketsvestsshirtshoodies & sweaterspantsshortsbaselayersunderwear & sleepwearswimwearshop allfootwearcasualhikingwinterrainrunningapproachwatersandalsslippersaccessoriesshop allaccessorieshatsbeaniesneckweargloves & mittensgaiterssockssunglasseswatcheselectronicsbags & daypacksblankets & beach towelsshop allactivitiesskisnowboardhike & campbikeclimbrun & trainingsnowshoepaddlesurffly fishyogatravelshop allkidsgirlsjacketsveststopsdresses & skirtspantsshortsbaselayersunderwear & sleepwearswimwearfootwearaccessoriesshop allboysjacketsveststopspantsshortsbaselayersunderwear & sleepwearswimwearfootwearaccessoriesshop alltoddler girlsjacketsveststopspantsshortsbaselayersswimwearfootwearaccessoriesshop alltoddler boysjacketsveststopspantsshortsbaselayersswimwearfootwearaccessoriesshop allinfantjacketsveststopspantsshortssnowsuits & buntingsbaselayersswimwearfootwearaccessoriesshop allsalewomenjacketsveststopsdresses & skirtspantsshortsbaselayersunderwear & sleepwearswimwearfootwearaccessoriesshop allmenjacketsvestsshirtssweaters & hoodiespantsshortsbaselayersunderwear & sleepwearswimwearfootwearaccessoriesshop allkidsgirlsboystoddler girlstoddler boysinfantaccessoriesshop allactivitiesskisnowboardhike & campbikeclimbrun & trainingsnowshoepaddlesurffly fishyogatravelyour destination for warmth the best selection of winter jackets & accessories gift cardsbackcountry egift certificate$25.00 - $500.00select your amountselect optionsselect options$25.00$30.00$40.00$100.00$125.00$150.00$175.00$200.00$225.00$250.00$500.00recipient's namerecipient's emailleave gift notesquantity add to cartadd to wish list5544 reviewsdetailsgifting made easy.it's never too late to give someone the perfect gift. the backcountry egift certficate is delivered via email, and can be redeemed online immediately. with a huge selection of outdoor gear and apparel to choose from, backcountry.com has something for everyone, even those hard-to-please people on your list. you can choose to have the egift certificate sent directly to the intended recipient; just enter their email address. if you would prefer to forward the gift certificate to them on a later date, enter your email address so you can forward the certificate when you like. the egift certificate is redeemable on the following backcountry sites: backcountry.com, competitivecyclist.com, steepandcheap.com, and motosport.com. for complete details, see www.backcountry.com/sc/gift-card-policybackcountry exclusivedelivered via email, and can be redeemed online immediatelyegift certificate never expiresemail arrives within 24 hours of purchaseitem #bcs0021learn moregearhead help reviewsq & awhat do you think about this product?write a reviewhave questions about this product?ask a questioneverythingwrite a reviewask a questionshare a photoshare a videoreviewsstraight up sucksnot recommendedadequate for the jobpretty coollove ityour review title is required.titlereviewadd photoadd videochoose a photochoose a videono file chosenrather attach a photo from your computer?familiarity:share how you have used iti've put it through the wringeri've used it several timesi've used it once or twice and have initial impressionsi returned this product before using iti gave it as a gift but have feedback to shareonly jpg, jpeg, png, gif or bmp files please.submitcancelreviewstitleyour review title is required.add photoadd videochoose a photochoose a videono file chosenrather attach a photo from your computer?familiarity:share how you have used iti've put it through the wringeri've used it several timesi've used it once or twice and have initial impressionsi returned this product before using iti gave it as a gift but have feedback to shareonly jpg, jpeg, png, gif or bmp files please.submitcancelreviewstitleyour review title is required.descriptionchoose a photochoose a videono file chosenrather attach a photo from your computer?familiarity:share how you have used iti've put it through the wringeri've used it several timesi've used it once or twice and have initial impressionsi returned this product before using iti gave it as a gift but have feedback to shareonly jpg, jpeg, png, gif or bmp files please.submitcancelreviewstitleyour review title is required.descriptionchoose a photochoose a videono file chosenrather attach a photo from your computer?familiarity:share how you have used iti've put it through the wringeri've used it several timesi've used it once or twice and have initial impressionsi returned this product before using iti gave it as a gift but have feedback to shareonly jpg, jpeg, png, gif or bmp files please.submitcancelviewallreviewsphotosvideosruns smalltrue to sizeruns largeall fit infojanuary 10, 2018very convenienti gave this as a gift for last secret santa and was pretty awesome, very convenient and cool. highly recommended.mauricio soto alfaroleave a comment...post a commentpost commentflag inappropriate0january 2, 2018good for momsfamiliarity: i've used it several timesmy mom never likes the things i buy her, but she pretends she does. now she can buy her own stuff. take that mom. vincent maurogearheadleave a comment...post a commentpost commentflag inappropriate0november 6, 2017fastbackcountry has two forms of gift certs. a hard card or in digital form. this is the way to go for that millennial who live on their phone. i'd suggest printing out the email you receive after you purchase so the gift receiver at least can have something physical (slide it in a card maybe) and forward the email later on. simply redeem online at any time! hassle free. case turnerleave a comment...post a commentpost commentflag inappropriate0october 31, 2017very fastbackcountry.com egift cards are a great last minute gift. they're delivered within minutes of ordering. i tend to buy them when i get promotional debit cards (think cable to signups) as i'm worried about losing the card itself, or forgetting to use it before it expires.chris shieldsleave a comment...post a commentpost commentflag inappropriate0march 2, 2017you know what this is mangreat way to gift the gift of gear to your buddies. my friend sam watched my dog and he got one of these in return.jason trueleave a comment...post a commentpost commentflag inappropriate0december 19, 2011recommend!!! five starshighly recommended: i just bought one of these as a gift for a friend. i messed up the email address and customer service was at a minimum 11 out of 10 stars in helping remedy the problem. i would not only recommend the gift card, but backcountry.com for outdoor enthusiast equipment. they are awesome, have awesome products and great affiliate web sites...michael b.leave a comment...post a commentpost commentflag inappropriate2november 3, 2011one of the best gifts you can get!actually my first experience with this was when backcountry.com sent me an email telling me that i got $10 off my next order. the email said that it was just $10 off, straight up, no strings attached. the offer expired in a few weeks so i didn't want a free $10 to go to waste. i decided to put the "no strings attached" promise to the test. i was happy to discover that i could indeed use my free $10 towards a $25 gift certificate, locking in this free money for two years. i later used this gift certificate towards the purchase of much needed clothing. can't think of too many places i'd rather get a gift certificate for.matt rleave a comment...post a commentpost commentflag inappropriate1july 14, 2011ah, the backcountry gift cardthat warm, fuzzy feeling you get when you get the gift of outdoor goodies from your loved ones? well, it's now available in an e-mail. don't think i've ever met anyone who doesn't love getting these.ross solomonleave a comment...post a commentpost commentflag inappropriate3june 20, 2010they value my businessi purchased over $75 of north face tee shirts for my husband. they are the best shirts in the whole wide world, and pricey. i did not notice the discloser that free shipping was offered only to the lower 48 of which hawaii is not. i contacted them to cancel my order when i received my email receipt. to my surprise, they offered me free shipping for this order. i realize this is a one time gesture, and i really appreciate that. as much as i am discouraged by shipping costs (the reason for the 4 stars, instead of 5), i will certainly shop here again. their retail prices are really, really good.lynette y.leave a comment...post a commentpost commentflag inappropriate3review flagged as lmao . click here to view.december 22, 2009merry christmas, chase!robyn pollockleave a comment...post a commentpost commentflag inappropriate1december 15, 2009disappointedi wanted to get a gift card to give my nephew for christmas. but all you have to offer is an e-mail.timleave a comment...post a commentpost commentflag inappropriate0jesse trimbledecember 17, 2009buy the gift certificate online, print it out and put it in a christmas card. giftcard!leave a comment...post a commentpost commentflag inappropriate2brent arnoldjanuary 3, 2010i agree with the answer above. print the thing out, and give that as a gift.leave a comment...post a commentpost commentflag inappropriate1wfscotdecember 24, 2016they offer real gift cards as well. just search for "backcountry gift card".leave a comment...post a commentpost commentflag inappropriate1justin abbottgearheadjanuary 4, 2018hey tim, i'm sorry you were disappointed in the egift option. we do have a traditional, physical gift card option for future reference! https://www.backcountry.com/backcountry-gift-card?s=a leave a comment...post a commentpost commentflag inappropriate0december 10, 2009merry christmasthis is the best photo i could find. john and victoria share this gift certificate.fredrick farberleave a comment...post a commentpost commentflag inappropriate3productimage flagged as spam. click here to view.october 24, 2009nice gift!come on.....what can you really say in a review about a gift certificate!?! okay, every time i've gotten them they've shown up to the recipient within 1-2 hours of purchase, if you get them before the afternoon mountain time, otherwise sometimes they can take overnight. and they work at the coolest gear store on the planet:)steve tibbittsleave a comment...post a commentpost commentflag inappropriate0october 10, 2009cindy scardinocindy s.leave a comment...post a commentpost commentflag inappropriate3comment flagged as duplicate. click here to view.mario sarricajanuary 6, 2010looks like she liked it:)leave a comment...post a commentpost commentflag inappropriate0december 29, 2008takes 24h or so to arrive!everybody love backcountry.com, so a gift cert is a great ideabut make sure you realize that they don't send them out immediately. so if you're doing last minute shopping, you should realize that the person you're ordering for won't receive their e-gift for about 24 hours.bcrockettleave a comment...post a commentpost commentflag inappropriate1brent arnoldjanuary 3, 2010it can come much quicker than that though. also, if it is last minute once you get it all you have to do is print it out so it is better than having to wait on something from the mail to get to them.leave a comment...post a commentpost commentflag inappropriate0december 23, 2008print image of gift cert to give as a giftthere's really nothing better than a backcountry.com gift certificate. the possibilities are endless! and if you'll be giving a gift certificate as a gift this year, i recommend printing out the image of the gift cert (shown above). then just write the gift cert # and password on it, throw it under the tree, and you're good to go.dbrohmleave a comment...post a commentpost commentflag inappropriate1may 19, 2008great gift idea.don't know what to get the person you are shopping for? cold hard cash is never bad idea. this way you can make someone's birthday or holiday and not have to worry about rushing last minute to get those gifts. beat the crowds and send a gift certificate.christian paulleave a comment...post a commentpost commentflag inappropriate0november 27, 2006gift certificatethe whole email thing was pretty slick... although it did take a phone call to re-issue the gift certificate, as it failed the first attempt. customer service reps were helpful and solved the problem right away. new certificate within 12 hours! what service!c. riceleave a comment...post a commentpost commentflag inappropriate0brent arnoldjanuary 3, 2010i know! i totally agree that backcountry.com has the best service around.leave a comment...post a commentpost commentflag inappropriate0unanswered questionjuly 12, 2017i see there isn't a $50 option for a gift certificate. in fact the gap between the $40 and $100 amount is not very accommodating. shouldn't the customer have a choice as to the amount they wish to purchase? this isn't very customer friendly. seems very manipulating. shawnee b.have an answer?answer shawnee b.'s questionadd a photo(optional)from your computerfrom another websitesubmitflag inappropriate0unanswered questionjanuary 17, 2017i ordered a e gift certificate for my nephew, but he never received it. is there a way i check that it went to the correct email address? thank you! laurie norlander 951-204-6185laurie n.have an answer?answer laurie n.'s questionadd a photo(optional)from your computerfrom another websitesubmitflag inappropriate0april 18, 2012hello. i want to try backcountry, but i...hello. i want to try backcountry, but i don't know which ski choose, maybe someone help me? thanks for helpdarekhave an answer?answer darek's questionadd a photo(optional)from your computerfrom another websitesubmitflag inappropriate0josh chapmanapril 23, 2012hey darek, there are a lot of factors that go into choosing the right ski. i recommend using our "chat now" feature located in the upper right-hand corner of the page. this will connect you one of our knowledgable gearheads who can get the necessary information in recommending the ski for you.leave a comment...post a commentpost commentflag inappropriate0november 22, 2011hi...do gift cards expire? i know i still...hi...do gift cards expire? i know i still have some money left on a gift card, but i'm not sure how to access it because the link i clicked on in my email doesn't work any more. thanks so much!!phoebe j.have an answer?answer phoebe j.'s questionadd a photo(optional)from your computerfrom another websitesubmitflag inappropriate0zak harrisnovember 23, 2011contact customer service. if it has expired they should be able to re-activate it for you and tell you what the balance is that's left on it.leave a comment...post a commentpost commentflag inappropriate0unanswered questionseptember 13, 2011what can i do with the points i accumulate...what can i do with the points i accumulate from being part of the community? i am sure this is explained somewhere but i couldn't find it.tom wallacehave an answer?answer tom wallace's questionadd a photo(optional)from your computerfrom another websitesubmitflag inappropriate0unanswered questionmarch 10, 2011it is not send it to my email??it is not send it to my email¿?nathan m.have an answer?answer nathan m.'s questionadd a photo(optional)from your computerfrom another websitesubmitflag inappropriate0unanswered questionmarch 10, 2011please i purchased yesterday a gift card...please i purchased yesterday a gift card for my own and i do not yet received ... why? just only 2 in stock the shoes that i want.. some info please...nathan m.have an answer?answer nathan m.'s questionadd a photo(optional)from your computerfrom another websitesubmitflag inappropriate0unanswered questiondecember 23, 2010hi, i received an email stating i sent a...hi, i received an email stating i sent a $25 gift certificate to myself, but i didnt. so when i tried to use it the checkout page said there was only $9 on it...im confused because i just got the email, does anyone know whats goin on?monique b.have an answer?answer monique b.'s questionadd a photo(optional)from your computerfrom another websitesubmitflag inappropriate0november 29, 2010hi, do the gift certificates work on steep...hi, do the gift certificates work on steep and cheap?sarah mccoyhave an answer?answer sarah mccoy's questionadd a photo(optional)from your computerfrom another websitesubmitflag inappropriate0josh chapmannovember 30, 2010hey sarah, no they do not. only the "main sites" such as backcountry and dogfunk which has it's own gift certificate as well.leave a comment...post a commentpost commentflag inappropriate0cory gurunovember 30, 2010nope. will only work on our retail sites: backcountry.com, dogfunk.com, realcyclist.com, hucknroll.com, and departmentofgoods.com.leave a comment...post a commentpost commentflag inappropriate0may 27, 2010hi, i am interested in purchasing a stand...hi, i am interested in purchasing a stand up paddleboard (paddle, leash, etc.), and i was thinking about buying gift certificates over time, and using them as a sort of layaway program until i've bought enough to cover the cost of the purchases. here's my question; say it takes me six months or so to save enough gift certificates to make the purchases, can i ensure the model i want (c4waterman standem) is still available? thanks in advance for your time! brooksbrooks johnsonhave an answer?answer brooks johnson's questionadd a photo(optional)from your computerfrom another websitesubmitflag inappropriate0best answercory gurumay 27, 2010nice setup!! but sorry, no, the only way to reserve an item and pull it from inventory is to purchase it.leave a comment...post a commentpost commentflag inappropriate3question flagged as irrelevant talk. click here to view.january 7, 2010thank you, angus! in itself, as a response...thank you, angus! in itself, as a response so promptly made and thoughtfully sent, i continue to be grateful for and inspired by backcountry and the community that supports it. my troubles with this gear certificate remain (for reasons i'll mention), but i wanted to mention that i made a purchase anyway, and regardless of the fate of a certificate i have only myself to blame for its datedness, i will continue to be a strong advocate of the backcountry enterprise. the paper gear certificate issued in 2003 has an "authorized gear guru" signature on it, in real ink, (name of guru: gilbert) and because my brother was never in utah, i conclude that the certificate must have been sent to him in the mail - perhaps before the e-certificates became a common practice. the certificate measures about 3.75in high x 8.5in. wide, and has the logo of a mountain peak in the background, stretching the width of the card. but besides the 5-digit code, there is no further information.victorhave an answer?answer victor's questionadd a photo(optional)from your computerfrom another websitesubmitflag inappropriate0best answerangus bohanonjanuary 7, 2010that's the most positive response i've ever gotten. i'm actually so jaded that i thought you were being sarcastic at first. given your new set of circumstances, it would seem that the protocol for gift certificates has changed since yours was issued. i'd get on live chat again, explain the situation again (including that you're now sure it's the right store), and maybe they can send you a new one. you'd think the old one would be on record somewhere so they could verify it. otherwise, assuming you already tried entering the code where i told you and that didn't work, you may just have to cut your losses. hope there wasn't too much money on the certificate (and that you can actually get to it somehow), and good luck!leave a comment...post a commentpost commentflag inappropriate4january 7, 2010i have a paper gift certificate that is...i have a paper gift certificate that is quite old...a gift from my brother for my birthday in 2003. while the gift certificate states that it will not expire, and while there is a 5-digit code stamped on the front, i do not know how or indeed if it can be redeemed via your on-line store. i received great help from one of your staff with whom i "chatted" on-line. at the end of that conversation, i had convinced both him and myself that i had mistaken "the backcountry store" with backcountry, given that the certificate listed the following website: "www.backcountrystore.com." but when, subsequently, i searched on-line for "the backcountry store," every search directed me to your store. and for further confirmation, i checked other details on my paper certificate: and indeed, the telephone number and location matched up exactly with yours. this leaves me wondering what to do with this "gear certificate"? and ultimately can it be redeemed?victorhave an answer?answer victor's questionadd a photo(optional)from your computerfrom another websitesubmitflag inappropriate0best answerangus bohanonjanuary 7, 2010when you get to checkout, look for a little link that says "gift certificate: click here to redeem." i attached a photo of what that looks like; it'll be under item 5: enter your payment information if you're not signed in or under item 1: verify your payment information if you are. hope that helps and hope you get your money. excellent sleuthing work too.leave a comment...post a commentpost commentflag inappropriate3october 18, 2009can i use a backcountry gift certificate...can i use a backcountry gift certificate for steepandcheap or tramdock?chris b.have an answer?answer chris b.'s questionadd a photo(optional)from your computerfrom another websitesubmitflag inappropriate0best answerangus bohanonoctober 18, 2009nope, i tried that. it has to be used on backcountry, unfortunately.leave a comment...post a commentpost commentflag inappropriate3october 13, 2009can a gift certificate be spread out over...can a gift certificate be spread out over several purchases? example: if i had a $500 gift certificate, could i make five separate $100 purchases?sbdivemasterhave an answer?answer sbdivemaster's questionadd a photo(optional)from your computerfrom another websitesubmitflag inappropriate0best answerangus bohanonoctober 18, 2009absolutely. it's like store credit, you can spread it out as much as you want. i'd advise purchases no smaller than $50 though, you don't want to spend your certificate on shipping.leave a comment...post a commentpost commentflag inappropriate6snowbirdoctober 8, 2010also, keep in mind that you can only use one certificate per online order, so don't stock up on $50 certificates thinking you can use three of them on your $150 order.leave a comment...post a commentpost commentflag inappropriate2joshua moorejanuary 9, 2011i have run into the problem of stocking up on gift certificates. ordering online did not support it. however you can jump on chat with backcountry and they will complete the order for you or even issue a brand new certificate that consolidates all your gift certificates into one.leave a comment...post a commentpost commentflag inappropriate0may 22, 2009hi, i purchased a $200 gift certificate...hi, i purchased a $200 gift certificate for my son-in-law for christmas 2008. my daughter deleted the email from back country that gave him the information about his certificate and the pass word he was supposed to use to access it. can this information be sent again, or is he just out of luck and out a $200 gift certificate? thank you, cynthiacynthia c.have an answer?answer cynthia c.'s questionadd a photo(optional)from your computerfrom another websitesubmitflag inappropriate0rob de lucamay 29, 2009if it hasn't been redeemed and it hasn't expired, he should be fine. a gearhead should be able to reissue the info for you; chat them up or call (800) 409-4502. hope that helps.leave a comment...post a commentpost commentflag inappropriate0may 12, 2009if i purchase a gift certificate on...if i purchase a gift certificate on backcoutry.com can it be used at backcountryoutlet.com?jenna j.have an answer?answer jenna j.'s questionadd a photo(optional)from your computerfrom another websitesubmitflag inappropriate1best answerandrew may 12, 2009yes it can.leave a comment...post a commentpost commentflag inappropriate1question flagged as spam. click here to view.february 27, 2009anyone can answer this one... i purchased...anyone can answer this one... i purchased a gift certificate and i want to forward it from my acct to her email... how do i do this so she can use the cert..???diane s.have an answer?answer diane s.'s questionadd a photo(optional)from your computerfrom another websitesubmitflag inappropriate0best answerangus bohanonfebruary 27, 2009the discount code on the certificate can be used by anyone. whatever email you put in the box when you ordered it is where it'll go, so if it went to you then just forward the email and if it went to her, she already has it.leave a comment...post a commentpost commentflag inappropriate1unanswered questionjanuary 2, 2009someone in france wants to offer me a gift...someone in france wants to offer me a gift certificate (lucky me). however, france is not a country listed in the scroll menu for credit card payment (quite unbelievable...). some one why that is and can it be fixed? thanks.noiedomhave an answer?answer noiedom's questionadd a photo(optional)from your computerfrom another websitesubmitflag inappropriate0load more need help? talk to our gearheads 24/7 about your needs.1.800.233.7159call: 1.800.409.4502stay in the knowsign up for backcountry news, sales and deals sign up for backcountry news, sales and dealsnews letter get newsunsubscribeput a goat on ithelmet, bumper, you name it. put a goat on it.send me a stickershop by categoryorder statussend me a stickergive a friend $10, get $10refer your friendsgift certificatese-gift certificateclassic gift cardpopular pages home men's clothing women's clothing kids' clothing hike & camp bike run climb ski snowboard paddle fly fishing download the app mountain hardwear ghost whisperer jacket gopro hero4 silver edition sorel joan of arctic boot the north face apex bionic softshell jacket oakley frogskins sunglasses the north face aconcagua down jacket garmin forerunner 220 the north face denali fleece jacket the north face arctic down parka resources create a wedding registry returns order status sale item policy sales tax policy terms of use privacy policy international shipping policy learning resources gift card terms & conditions about backcountryabout backcountrypress releasesgroup salesland your dream jobaffiliate programsite mapwhat's wrong with this page?facebooklike us on facebooktwitter@backcountryinstagram@backcountrygoogle plus+backcountryyoutubebackcountryvideodownload the backcountry app.© backcountry.com – all rights reserved