来源URL: https://web.archive.org/web/20171228155156/https://www.backcountry.com/sc/press-release
================================================================================

press release | backcountry.com forgot? sign in signing in... create an account passwords are case-sensitive, and must be at least 8 characters in length. create account sign in when you create an account, you agree to our terms of use and consent to our privacy policy. free 2-day shipping on orders over $50 my accountcontact uscallmy account 1-800-409-4502 gearheadsmeet our gearheads.backcountry gearheads are your partners in adventure. they're outdoors experts with the knowledge and experience to guide you to the right gear and apparel.find your gearheadnew arrivalswomenjacketsveststopsdresses & skirtspantsshortsbaselayersunderwear & sleepwearswimwearfootwearaccessoriesshop allmenjacketsvestsshirtshoodies & sweaterspantsshortsbaselayersunderwear & sleepwearswimwearfootwearaccessoriesshop allactivitiesskisnowboardhike & campbikeclimbrun & trainingsnowshoepaddlesurffly fishyogatravelbrandspatagoniathe north faceospreybig agnesmarmotpranaarc'teryxbrandsshop over a thousand brands#abcdefghijklmnopqrstuvwxyzactivitiesskisnowboardhike & campbikeclimbrun & trainingsnowshoepaddlesurffly fishyogatravelwomenclothingjacketsveststopsdresses & skirtspantsshortsbaselayersunderwear & sleepwearswimwearshop allfootwearcasualhikingwinterrainrunningapproachwatersandalsslippersaccessoriesshop allaccessorieshatsbeaniesneckweargloves & mittensgaiterssockssunglasseswatcheselectronicsbags & daypacksblankets & beach towelsshop allactivitiesskisnowboardhike & campbikeclimbrun & trainingsnowshoepaddlesurffly fishyogatravelshop allmenclothingjacketsvestsshirtshoodies & sweaterspantsshortsbaselayersunderwear & sleepwearswimwearshop allfootwearcasualhikingwinterrainrunningapproachwatersandalsslippersaccessoriesshop allaccessorieshatsbeaniesneckweargloves & mittensgaiterssockssunglasseswatcheselectronicsbags & daypacksblankets & beach towelsshop allactivitiesskisnowboardhike & campbikeclimbrun & trainingsnowshoepaddlesurffly fishyogatravelshop allkidsgirlsjacketsveststopsdresses & skirtspantsshortsbaselayersunderwear & sleepwearswimwearfootwearaccessoriesshop allboysjacketsveststopspantsshortsbaselayersunderwear & sleepwearswimwearfootwearaccessoriesshop alltoddler girlsjacketsveststopspantsshortsbaselayersswimwearfootwearaccessoriesshop alltoddler boysjacketsveststopspantsshortsbaselayersswimwearfootwearaccessoriesshop allinfantjacketsveststopspantsshortssnowsuits & buntingsbaselayersswimwearfootwearaccessoriesshop allsalewomenjacketsveststopsdresses & skirtspantsshortsbaselayersunderwear & sleepwearswimwearfootwearaccessoriesshop allmenjacketsvestsshirtssweaters & hoodiespantsshortsbaselayersunderwear & sleepwearswimwearfootwearaccessoriesshop allkidsgirlsboystoddler girlstoddler boysinfantaccessoriesshop allactivitiesskisnowboardhike & campbikeclimbrun & trainingsnowshoepaddlesurffly fishyogatravel news show less ...read more jonathan nielsen, ceo of backcountry, joins the nature conservancy utah chapter board december 7, 2017 park city, ut — backcountry, the premier online specialty retailer of outdoor gear, is pleased to announce that jonathan nielsen, ceo of backcountry, joined the nature conservancy’s utah chapter board on december 5, 2017. he will serve a 3-year term expiring in 2020. “we are delighted to have someone of jonathan’s business background and passion for conservation now serving on our utah chapter board.” said dave livermore, utah state director. “jonathan’s insight and experience will be invaluable in helping our chapter expand its commitment to protecting utah’s lands and waters.” “i’m honored to have the opportunity to work with the experts at the nature conservancy and serve with other community leaders who care as deeply as i do about the future of utah’s public lands and conservation policy,” said nielsen. “i have long respected the nature conservancy’s collaborative approach and commitment to education. living in utah is a privilege and working with the nature conservancy allows me to give back to a place my family and i hope to call home for many years to come.” after an extensive career in investment banking and corporate development at ebay inc., nielsen moved from san francisco to park city to lead backcountry’s corporate development team. at backcountry, nielsen has led the product management and design teams, managed backcountry’s adjacent category businesses (competitive cyclist and motosport) and led backcountry’s european expansion with the acquisition of bergfreunde. in 2016, nielsen was appointed ceo. nielsen earned his b.s. in finance from brigham young university. about the nature conservancy the nature conservancy is a non-profit, science-based conservation organization which works collaboratively to protect lands and waters for nature and people around the world. with the support of more than a million members, the conservancy has protected over 119 million acres of land and thousands of river miles since its founding in 1951. working with partners, the utah chapter has helped to conserve over one million acres of public and private land including iconic landscapes such as the dugout ranch in san juan county, the matheson preserve near moab and the shorelands preserve on the great salt lake. more information on the nature conservancy’s utah chapter and its conservation programs can be found at nature.org/utah, on instagram (@nature_utah), and on facebook at www.facebook.com/natureconservancyutah. the opdd advancement board is a core group of companies representing various segments of the outdoor industry and is comprised of industry leaders inside and outside the state of utah. board members are investing in the opdd program and its students by committing their knowledge and resources to helping prepare students for successful careers in the industry. board members will be available to faculty for curriculum support, as well as assisting in finding industry experiences for students to participate in, including internships, design competitions, and more. about backcountry backcountry.com is the premier online specialty retailer of outdoor gear for snow sports, hiking, camping, paddling, biking, climbing, fly fishing, and more, including a wide selection of premium apparel, both technical and casual. backcountry’s mission is to connect people to their passions by supplying customers with the gear, knowledge, and inspiration necessary to chase down life’s greatest moments. backcountry does this by providing the biggest and best assortment of premium outdoor products, personalized gearhead expertise, inspirational content, a superior shopping experience, and lightning-fast fulfillment. the backcountry family of companies includes competitive cyclist, motosport.com, steep&cheap, and bergfreunde.de, which is based in germany. contact the nature conservancy member@tnc.org backcountry.com llc pr@backcountry.com show less ...read more andy fletcher, director of owned brands of backcountry, joins advisory board of the outdoor products design and development program at utah state university june 26, 2017 park city, ut — backcountry is pleased to announce that andy fletcher, director of owned brands of backcountry, is joining the advisory board of utah state university’s outdoor products design and development program effective july 25, 2017. “the outdoor product design and development (opdd) program is proud to have andy fletcher of backcountry join its advancement board,” says chase anderson. development officer of utah state university. “the program has seen increased success with continued industry involvement, and opdd is excited to welcome an industry leader like backcountry. its expertise in product design, buying, and e-commerce, as well as its insight and knowledge of the marketplace and product, will be an invaluable resource to students and faculty. utah state and opdd welcome backcountry's commitment to supporting and educating the next generation of outdoor industry leaders.” fletcher leads backcountry’s private label apparel business, overseeing design, development, production, and marketing of several brands. prior to joining backcountry, fletcher led corporate strategy and business development for vf corporation’s sportswear coalition. his career also spans roles at nordstrom, in private equity, and in management consulting. fletcher holds an mba from the kellogg school of management at northwestern university and a bs in electrical engineering from the university of virginia. about utah state university's outdoor products design and development program utah state university's outdoor product design and development (opdd) program was created in order to close the design and skills gap between what students learn in school and the skills they need to succeed in the outdoor industry. opdd was created in response to industry asking for more skilled designers with a knowledge of outdoor products. students who could not only design, but prototype, source, and understand the manufacturability of their designs. students specialize in hard or soft goods design, learning practical skills like industrial sewing, pattern making, cad and 3d design, as well machining and manufacturing processes. the opdd advancement board is a core group of companies representing various segments of the outdoor industry and is comprised of industry leaders inside and outside the state of utah. board members are investing in the opdd program and its students by committing their knowledge and resources to helping prepare students for successful careers in the industry. board members will be available to faculty for curriculum support, as well as assisting in finding industry experiences for students to participate in, including internships, design competitions, and more. about backcountry backcountry.com is the leading online retailer of premium outdoor gear and apparel for skiing, snowboarding, biking, climbing, fly fishing, hiking, camping, and more. founded in the park city, ut area in 1996, backcountry connects people to their passions by offering the best selection of outdoor products, backed up by knowledgeable, responsive customer service from its gearheads and rapid fulfillment out of its two warehouse hubs. backcountry operates four additional online specialty stores: competitive cyclist, motosport.com, steep&cheap, and bergfreunde.de, which is based in germany. contact backcountry.com llc pr@backcountry.com show less ...read more pete labore, coo of backcountry, joins ski utah board of directors june 28, 2017 park city, ut — backcountry is pleased to announce that pete labore, chief operating officer of backcountry, is joining ski utah’s 2017 board of directors, effective july 1, 2017. he will serve a three-year term expiring june 30, 2020. “we are thrilled to have pete labore join the ski utah board of directors,” said nathan rafferty, ceo/president of ski utah. “backcountry is an influential utah-based outdoor retail company that ski utah is proud to have a partnership with. with pete joining the board we hope to strengthen this relationship and in turn continue to support and represent utah’s $1.4 billion winter sports industry." “i’m passionate about the outdoor industry and the ski utah mission to promote utah’s ski and snowboard industry,” said labore. “i have been skiing since i was nine years old and continue to spend as much time as i can on the slopes with my wife and two sons, as well as occasional backcountry touring with colleagues and friends.” as coo, labore manages backcountry’s domestic and international operations, customer service, marketing, and merchandising teams. labore earned his b.a. in mechanical engineering from iowa state university and his mba in strategy & marketing from the university of chicago's booth school of business. about ski utah ski utah is a membership association representing utah’s $1.4 billion winter sports industry, including 14 alpine ski resorts and a membership of over 250 industry partners. the organization has been creating brand awareness of and demand for the utah winter sports product since its inception in 1978. ski utah’s primary functions are concentrated in marketing, public policy and public relations. information about ski utah and its members can be found at skiutah.com, on twitter @skiutah and on facebook at www.facebook.com/skiutahyeti. about backcountry backcountry.com is the leading online retailer of premium outdoor gear and apparel for skiing, snowboarding, biking, climbing, fly fishing, hiking, camping, and more. founded in the park city, ut area in 1996, backcountry connects people to their passions by offering the best selection of outdoor products, backed up by knowledgeable, responsive customer service from its gearheads and rapid fulfillment out of its two warehouse hubs. backcountry operates four additional online specialty stores: competitive cyclist, motosport.com, steep&cheap, and bergfreunde.de, which is based in germany. contact ski utah info@skiutah.com backcountry.com pr@backcountry.com show less ...read more scott huddleston named gm and vp of motosport.com february 13, 2017 portland, or — backcountry.com today announced the appointment of scott huddleston as general manager and vp of backcountry’s power sports subsidiary, motosport.com, effective february 3, 2017. “long before i joined motosport, i was a motorcycle rider and enthusiast with a deep love of this brand and this sport. the next chapter in the motosport story will honor our roots but also grow our brand to reach even more consumers with our selection, value and customer service. i couldn’t be more excited to be a part of the motosport team” said scott huddleston, gm and vp of motosport. prior to joining motosport, scott led marketing teams at mag retail group, harry and david, and eddie bauer. with a distinguished career of over 15 years, scott has deep operational and strategic experience developing and executing direct, e-commerce and retail marketing strategies consistent with company goals in the power sports, premium food and gift, and outdoor apparel markets. scott has a demonstrated ability to structure, solve and present solutions to ambiguous business problems and has proven it at every step of his career. pete labore, backcountry’s coo noted, “scott brings the rare balance of marketing, merchandising, and financial acumen to lead motosport into its next transformative phase of growth. perhaps most impressive for scott is his track record of maintaining his laser focus while building, developing, and leading high performance teams. we are delighted to have him as a part of the backcountry family and leading motosport.” about backcountry backcountry.com is the premier online specialty retailer of outdoor gear for snow sports, hiking and camping, paddling, biking, climbing, fly fishing, and more. we also carry a wide selection of premium apparel, both technical and casual. the quality and breadth of our products, the knowledge and empowered service of our gearheads, the lightning-fast speed of our fulfillment, and the shared gear knowledge of our community enable our customers to get outside and pursue their passions. the backcountry.com family of companies includes competitivecyclist.com, motosport.com, bergfreunde.de, and steepandcheap.com. about motosport.com motosport is one of the premiere leaders in the riding community, servicing the dirt bike, atv, sport bike and cruiser markets. motosport has seen rapid growth by focusing on a few fundamental principles: deliver outstanding customer service; stock most of the products we sell; provide competitive pricing; and most importantly, hire and retain staff that is as dedicated to riding as the customers we serve. the riding community is a family, with the passion for riding often passed from generation to generation. at motosport, we strive to make sure our customers can enjoy and share their love for riding as much as we do. show less ...read more backcountry seeks to expand its gearhead program to colorado november 1, 2016 park city, ut — backcountry is seeking to expand its team of gearheads and is looking for candidates in colorado to fill seasonal positions. if you’re an avid cyclist, climber, skier, snow-boarder, fly fisherman or hiker and love connecting people to their passions and new adventures, becoming a backcountry gearhead may be a great opportunity for you. gearheads are backcountry’s unique customer service agents, trained to bring their passion and gear knowledge to customers via phone or chat. gearheads pride themselves on their in-depth technical knowledge of gear, as well as the love they have of the activities the gear is used for and the adventures gear enables. gearheads have been there, they’ve done it, and they’ve tried all the gear for you. they’ll recommend what’s best and make your next adventure even better! gearhead operations is a division at backcountry that focuses on making sure that gearheads have the answer to everything backcountry’s customers might possibly want to know before they even think of the question. gearheads have the amazing opportunity to learn more about the outdoor industry by attending company and vendor-sponsored workshops on the latest technologies and products from the world’s top outdoor retailers. backcountry values and rewards hard work, gear passion, and a get-it-done attitude. at gearhead operations, we are obsessed with creating loyal, repeat customers through our incredible service. about backcountry backcountry is the leading online retailer of premium outdoor gear. backcountry’s mission is to connect people to their passions. we create remarkable customer experiences through the best selection of outdoor product, a flawless shopping experience, the expertise of our gearheads, the lightning speed of our fulfillment, and the shared knowledge of our community. backcountry operates six online specialty stores -backcountry, competitive cyclist, motosport, bergfreunde, steepandcheap, and whiskeymilitia. backcountry and its specialty stores focus on skiing, snowboarding, biking, climbing, fly fishing, and camping. for additional information, please view current gearhead openings at //www.backcountrycorp.com/ or email hr@backcountry.com show less ...read more backcountry seeks to expand its gearhead program to illinois november 1, 2016 park city, ut — backcountry is seeking to expand its team of gearheads and is looking for candidates in illinois to fill seasonal positions. if you’re an avid cyclist, climber, skier, snow-boarder, fly fisherman or hiker and love connecting people to their passions and new adventures, becoming a backcountry gearhead may be a great opportunity for you. gearheads are backcountry’s unique customer service agents, trained to bring their passion and gear knowledge to customers via phone or chat. gearheads pride themselves on their in-depth technical knowledge of gear, as well as the love they have of the activities the gear is used for and the adventures gear enables. gearheads have been there, they’ve done it, and they’ve tried all the gear for you. they’ll recommend what’s best and make your next adventure even better! gearhead operations is a division at backcountry that focuses on making sure that gearheads have the answer to everything backcountry’s customers might possibly want to know before they even think of the question. gearheads have the amazing opportunity to learn more about the outdoor industry by attending company and vendor-sponsored workshops on the latest technologies and products from the world’s top outdoor retailers. backcountry values and rewards hard work, gear passion, and a get-it-done attitude. at gearhead operations, we are obsessed with creating loyal, repeat customers through our incredible service. about backcountry backcountry is the leading online retailer of premium outdoor gear. backcountry’s mission is to connect people to their passions. we create remarkable customer experiences through the best selection of outdoor product, a flawless shopping experience, the expertise of our gearheads, the lightning speed of our fulfillment, and the shared knowledge of our community. backcountry operates six online specialty stores -backcountry, competitive cyclist, motosport, bergfreunde, steepandcheap, and whiskeymilitia. backcountry and its specialty stores focus on skiing, snowboarding, biking, climbing, fly fishing, and camping. for additional information, please view current gearhead openings at //www.backcountrycorp.com/ or email hr@backcountry.com show less ...read more backcountry seeks to expand its gearhead program to new york october 15, 2016 park city, ut — backcountry is seeking to expand its team of gearheads and is looking for candidates in new york york to fill seasonal positions. if you’re an avid cyclist, climber, skier, snow-boarder, fly fisherman or hiker and love connecting people to their passions and new adventures, becoming a backcountry gearhead may be a great opportunity for you. gearheads are backcountry’s unique customer service agents, trained to bring their passion and gear knowledge to customers via phone or chat. gearheads pride themselves on their in-depth technical knowledge of gear, as well as the love they have of the activities the gear is used for and the adventures gear enables. gearheads have been there, they’ve done it, and they’ve tried all the gear for you. they’ll recommend what’s best and make your next adventure even better! gearhead operations is a division at backcountry that focuses on making sure that gearheads have the answer to everything backcountry’s customers might possibly want to know before they even think of the question. gearheads have the amazing opportunity to learn more about the outdoor industry by attending company and vendor-sponsored workshops on the latest technologies and products from the world’s top outdoor retailers. backcountry values and rewards hard work, gear passion, and a get-it-done attitude. at gearhead operations, we are obsessed with creating loyal, repeat customers through our incredible service. about backcountry backcountry is the leading online retailer of premium outdoor gear. backcountry’s mission is to connect people to their passions. we create remarkable customer experiences through the best selection of outdoor product, a flawless shopping experience, the expertise of our gearheads, the lightning speed of our fulfillment, and the shared knowledge of our community. backcountry operates six online specialty stores -backcountry, competitive cyclist, motosport, bergfreunde, steepandcheap, and whiskeymilitia. backcountry and its specialty stores focus on skiing, snowboarding, biking, climbing, fly fishing, and camping. for additional information, please view current gearhead openings at //www.backcountrycorp.com/ or email hr@backcountry.com show less ...read more backcountry announces partnership as a sponsor with westchester parks foundation event in new york: mutts on the mountain 5k and lazy dog fun run september 20, 2016 park city, ut — backcountry.com (“backcountry”) is pleased to announce its partnership with westchester parks foundation as a sponsor of the organization’s first annual mutts on the mountain 5k and fun run at the blue mountain reservation in peekskill, ny. to be held on october 1, 2016, the mutts on the mountain event will feature a 5k consisting of 3.1 miles of technical single track, featuring several steep climbs, water crossings, two rock scrambles, and nearly 500 feet of elevation gain, and a lazy dog fun run, a 1-mile romp combining single and double track, designed for smaller and/or older dogs. “mutts and mountains? those are two of backcountry’s favorite things, so naturally we couldn’t pass up the opportunity to support this event. we’re happy to partner with the westchester parks foundation in support the local community, their parks and their pups,” said gian colombo, head of brand for backcountry. “we are thrilled that backcountry has chosen to be a sponsor of what will be a great family-fun event and the first of its kind in the tri-state area,” added joanne fernandez, chair of the board for westchester parks foundation. “this kind of partnership is so important because it helps us expand the reach of our mission – to bring awareness to the more than 18,000 acres of beautiful parkland in westchester county, new york.” for more information about the race and to register, visit the westchester parks foundation website. about backcountry backcountry.com is the leading online retailer of outdoor gear and apparel for skiing, snowboarding, biking, climbing, fly fishing, hiking, camping, and more. founded in the park city, ut area in 1996, backcountry connects people to their passions by offering the best selection of outdoor product, backed up by responsive customer service provided by its corps of gearheads, and rapid fulfillment out of its two warehouse hubs. backcountry operates five additional online specialty stores: competitive cyclist, motosport.com, steep&cheap, whiskeymilitia, and bergfreunde.de, which is based in germany. about westchester parks foundation westchester parks foundation is a 501(c)3 not-for-profit, philanthropic organization which provides private support to preserve the county’s park system and improve the quality of life in our communities. westchester parks foundation’s mission is to engage the public to advocate for and invest in the preservation, conservation, use, and enjoyment of the 18,000 acres of parks, trails, and open spaces within the westchester county parks system. for more information, visit thewpf.org. about blue mountain reservation blue mountain reservation is a 1,538-acre park in the northwest section of westchester county. it features miles of trails for mountain biking, strolling and nature study, and offers challenging hikes to the tops of two large peaks, mt. spitzenberg and blue mountain. it is a facility of the westchester county department of parks, recreation and conservation. show less ...read more competitive cyclist sponsors grinduro event in california august 22, 2016 park city, ut — as an official sponsor of grinduro, “one of the most exciting dirt road races in existence,” online bike retailer competitive cyclist is giving away a trip to the sold-out 2016 edition of the event, plus a few other grinduro-themed prizes. cyclists can go to //competitivecyclist.com/sc/grinduro-giveaway to enter. “we believe that grinduro captures the beauty of cycling by emphasizing the social and artistic underpinnings of the sport while still maintaining the element of competition. that is where cycling is going, and we are excited to be a part of it,” said will sladek, vice president for competitive cyclist. held from october 7, 2016 to october 9, 2016, the grinduro california event will begin in quincy, california and wind its way through the beautiful sierra nevada mountains. riders must complete a 60-mile loop with a mix of paved roads, gravel roads and singletrack. this format creates a festive, social atmosphere, but competitive riders can still prove themselves on the timed segments. riding bikes all day is only half the fun of grinduro. riders will be treated to gourmet food, camping, parties, and an art & bike exhibit featuring some of the best handmade bikes. the initial event, held in 2015, was such a success that this year’s edition sold out rapidly. about competitive cyclist competitive cyclist is the leading online specialty retailer of road and mountain bikes, components, apparel and accessories. competitive cyclist delivers the knowledgeable, personalized service and custom build capability of the best local bike shops, combined with the breadth of selection only possible online. founded in arkansas by diehard cyclists in 1999, competitive cyclist joined the family of companies owned by backcountry.com in 2011. backcountry.com is the leading online retailer of outdoor gear and apparel for skiing, snowboarding, biking, climbing, fly fishing, hiking, camping, and more. founded in the park city, ut area in 1996, backcountry connects people to their passions by offering the best selection of outdoor product, backed up by responsive customer service provided by its corps of gearheads, and rapid fulfillment out of its two warehouse hubs. backcountry operates five additional online specialty stores: competitive cyclist, motosport.com, steep&cheap, whiskeymilitia, and bergfreunde.de, which is based in germany. contact: will sladek, vp, competitive cyclist show less ...read more backcountry expanding its gearhead program to california august 9, 2016 park city, ut — backcountry.com is seeking to expand its team of gearheads and is looking for candidates in california to work remotely to fill seasonal positions. gearheads are backcountry’s unique customer service agents, trained to bring their passion and gear knowledge to customers via phone or chat. avid cyclists, climbers, skiers, snowboarders, fly fishermen, campers, and hikers who are knowledgeable about their sports and the equipment requirements of each, who love talking gear, and who are looking for a flexible, work-from-home opportunity are encouraged to apply. gearhead operations is a division at backcountry that focuses on making shopping on the backcountry.com website a positive experience for customers and creating loyal repeat customers by providing the highest level of service. backcountry values and rewards hard work, gear passion, and a get-it-done attitude. for additional information, please view current gearhead openings at //www.backcountrycorp.com/ or email hr@backcountry.com about backcountry backcountry.com is the leading online retailer of outdoor gear and apparel for skiing, snowboarding, biking, climbing, fly fishing, hiking, camping, and more. founded in the park city, ut area in 1996, backcountry connects people to their passions by offering the best selection of outdoor product, backed up by responsive customer service provided by its corps of gearheads, and rapid fulfillment out of its two warehouse hubs. backcountry operates five additional online specialty stores: competitive cyclist, motosport.com, steep&cheap, whiskeymilitia, and bergfreunde.de, which is based in germany. contact: chris purkey, gearhead operations need help? talk to our gearheads 24/7 about your needs.1.800.233.7159call: 1.800.409.4502stay in the knowsign up for backcountry news, sales and deals sign up for backcountry news, sales and dealsnews letter get newsunsubscribeput a goat on ithelmet, bumper, you name it. put a goat on it.send me a stickershop by categoryorder statussend me a stickergive a friend $10, get $10refer your friendsgift certificatese-gift certificateclassic gift cardpopular pages home men's clothing women's clothing kids' clothing hike & camp bike run climb ski snowboard paddle fly fishing download the app mountain hardwear ghost whisperer jacket gopro hero4 silver edition sorel joan of arctic boot the north face apex bionic softshell jacket oakley frogskins sunglasses the north face aconcagua down jacket garmin forerunner 220 the north face denali fleece jacket the north face arctic down parka resources create a wedding registry returns order status sale item policy sales tax policy terms of use privacy policy international shipping policy learning resources gift card terms & conditions about backcountryabout backcountrypress releasesgroup salesland your dream jobaffiliate programsite mapwhat's wrong with this page?facebooklike us on facebooktwitter@backcountryinstagram@backcountrygoogle plus+backcountryyoutubebackcountryvideodownload the backcountry app.© backcountry.com – all rights reserved siteid: 1 sitecode: bcs transient: true sec status: 0 catalog: catalog:bcs pricelist: pricelist:listprices salepricelist: pricelist:saleprices isdev: no is mobile (touch): no protocol: https port: 80 storeserverurl: https://www.backcountry.com securestoreserverurl: https://www.backcountry.com request locale:en_us_1 profile locale: template parameters footer: /includes/bcs/footer.jsp displayname: /includes/displayname.jsp productdisplaybox: /catalog/include/productdisplaybox.jsp sitename: backcountry.com navigationflyouts: /navigation/categoriesnavflyout.jsp logourl: /images/bcs/bc-logo.png navigation: /navigation/categoriesnav.jsp pagestart: /includes/pagestart.jsp pageend: /includes/pageend.jsp header: /includes/header.jsp template inheritance tree /backcountry/layout/templates/bcs/standardpage /backcountry/layout/templates/standardpage