来源URL: https://web.archive.org/web/20171228155156/https://www.backcountry.com/sc/privacy-policy
================================================================================

updated privacy policy | backcountry.com forgot? sign in signing in... create an account passwords are case-sensitive, and must be at least 8 characters in length. create account sign in when you create an account, you agree to our terms of use and consent to our privacy policy. free 2-day shipping on orders over $50 my accountcontact uscallmy account 1-800-409-4502 gearheadsmeet our gearheads.backcountry gearheads are your partners in adventure. they're outdoors experts with the knowledge and experience to guide you to the right gear and apparel.find your gearheadnew arrivalswomenjacketsveststopsdresses & skirtspantsshortsbaselayersunderwear & sleepwearswimwearfootwearaccessoriesshop allmenjacketsvestsshirtshoodies & sweaterspantsshortsbaselayersunderwear & sleepwearswimwearfootwearaccessoriesshop allactivitiesskisnowboardhike & campbikeclimbrun & trainingsnowshoepaddlesurffly fishyogatravelbrandspatagoniathe north faceospreybig agnesmarmotpranaarc'teryxbrandsshop over a thousand brands#abcdefghijklmnopqrstuvwxyzactivitiesskisnowboardhike & campbikeclimbrun & trainingsnowshoepaddlesurffly fishyogatravelwomenclothingjacketsveststopsdresses & skirtspantsshortsbaselayersunderwear & sleepwearswimwearshop allfootwearcasualhikingwinterrainrunningapproachwatersandalsslippersaccessoriesshop allaccessorieshatsbeaniesneckweargloves & mittensgaiterssockssunglasseswatcheselectronicsbags & daypacksblankets & beach towelsshop allactivitiesskisnowboardhike & campbikeclimbrun & trainingsnowshoepaddlesurffly fishyogatravelshop allmenclothingjacketsvestsshirtshoodies & sweaterspantsshortsbaselayersunderwear & sleepwearswimwearshop allfootwearcasualhikingwinterrainrunningapproachwatersandalsslippersaccessoriesshop allaccessorieshatsbeaniesneckweargloves & mittensgaiterssockssunglasseswatcheselectronicsbags & daypacksblankets & beach towelsshop allactivitiesskisnowboardhike & campbikeclimbrun & trainingsnowshoepaddlesurffly fishyogatravelshop allkidsgirlsjacketsveststopsdresses & skirtspantsshortsbaselayersunderwear & sleepwearswimwearfootwearaccessoriesshop allboysjacketsveststopspantsshortsbaselayersunderwear & sleepwearswimwearfootwearaccessoriesshop alltoddler girlsjacketsveststopspantsshortsbaselayersswimwearfootwearaccessoriesshop alltoddler boysjacketsveststopspantsshortsbaselayersswimwearfootwearaccessoriesshop allinfantjacketsveststopspantsshortssnowsuits & buntingsbaselayersswimwearfootwearaccessoriesshop allsalewomenjacketsveststopsdresses & skirtspantsshortsbaselayersunderwear & sleepwearswimwearfootwearaccessoriesshop allmenjacketsvestsshirtssweaters & hoodiespantsshortsbaselayersunderwear & sleepwearswimwearfootwearaccessoriesshop allkidsgirlsboystoddler girlstoddler boysinfantaccessoriesshop allactivitiesskisnowboardhike & campbikeclimbrun & trainingsnowshoepaddlesurffly fishyogatravelgifts backcountry privacy policylast updated: 11/7/2017this privacy policy explains how information about you is collected, used and disclosed by backcountry.com, llc and its subsidiaries (“backcountry” or “we”). this privacy policy applies to information we collect when you use our websites, mobile apps and other online products and services (collectively, the “services”), including backcountry.com, steepandcheap.com, competitivecyclist.com, and motosport.com, or when you otherwise interact with us. this policy does not apply to products or services with separate privacy policies that do not incorporate this privacy policy. we may change this privacy policy from time to time. if we make changes, we will notify you by revising the date at the top of the policy and, in some cases, we may provide you with additional notice (such as adding a statement to our homepage or sending you a notification). we encourage you to review the privacy policy whenever you access the services or otherwise interact with us to stay informed about our information practices and the ways you can help protect your privacy. for information about the choices we offer in connection with our information practices, please see “your choices” below. collection of information information you provide to us we collect information you provide directly to us. for example, we collect information when you create an account, update your profile, post a review, participate in any interactive features of the services, fill out a form or survey, participate in a contest or promotion, make a purchase, communicate with us via third party social media sites, request customer support or otherwise communicate with us. the types of information we may collect include your name, password, email address, social media user names and handles, postal address, phone number, gender, interests, preferences, payment information and any other information you choose to provide. information we collect automatically when you use the services when you use our services, we automatically collect certain information, including: transaction information: we collect information in connection with each transaction you engage in via the services, including product details, purchase price, and other transaction details. log information: we collect log information in connection with your use of the services, including the type of browser you use, access times, pages viewed, your ip address and the page you visited before navigating to our services. device information we collect information about the mobile device you use to access our mobile apps, including the hardware model, operating system and version, unique device identifiers and mobile network information. location information: we may collect precise location of your mobile device via our mobile apps in accordance with the permission process established by your mobile device operating system. we may also collect the approximate location of your device based the device’s ip address. stored information: we may access information you have stored on your mobile device via our mobile app in accordance with the permission process established by your mobile device operating system. for example, with your permission, we may access photos or videos from your mobile device photo gallery. information collected by cookies and other tracking technologies: we use various technologies to collect information from the computer or device you use to access our services, including cookies and web beacons. cookies are small data files stored on your hard drive or in device memory that help us see which areas and features of our services are popular and count visits. web beacons are electronic images that may be used in our services or emails and help deliver cookies, count visits and understand usage and campaign effectiveness. we do not alter or change your experience, or otherwise respond to, “dnt” or “do not track” signals. information we collect from other sources we may also obtain information from other sources. for example, we may collect information about you from other sites that sell our products, from other users, such as individuals who send you a gift through our services, and from social networks in accordance with their authorization procedures. use of information we may use information about you for various purposes, including to: provide, maintain and improve our services; provide and deliver the products and services you request, process transactions and send you related information, including confirmations and invoices; send you technical notices, updates, security alerts and support and administrative messages; respond to your comments, questions and requests and provide customer service; communicate with you about products, services, offers, promotions, rewards, and events and other news and information we think will be of interest to you; monitor and analyze trends, usage and activities in connection with our services; detect, investigate and prevent fraudulent transactions and other illegal activities and protect the rights and property of backcountry and others; personalize our services, including by providing advertisements, content or features we think will be of interest to you; facilitate contests, sweepstakes and promotions and process and deliver entries and rewards; link or combine with information we collect about you; and carry out any other purpose described to you at the time the information is collected. sharing of information we may share information about you as follows or as otherwise described in this privacy policy: with third parties for their direct marketing purposes. please see “your choices” below if you want to opt out; when you participate in interactive features on our services, information about you may be displayed publicly on our services and on other sites or online services, including your photos, videos, posts, product feedback, and other information you choose to provide; with vendors, consultants and other service providers who need access to such information in connection with services they perform for us and who are subject to contractual obligations regarding their use of the information; in response to a request for information if we believe disclosure is in accordance with, or required by, any applicable law, regulation or legal process; if we believe your actions are inconsistent with our user agreements or policies, or to protect the rights, property and safety of backcountry or others; in connection with, or during negotiations of, any merger, sale of backcountry assets, financing or acquisition of all or a portion of our business by another company; with your consent or at your direction. we may also share aggregated or de-identified information. social sharing features the services may offer social sharing features and other integrated tools (such as the facebook “like” button), which let you share actions you take on our services with other media, and vice versa. your use of such features enables the sharing of information with your friends or the public, depending on the settings you establish with the entity that provides the social sharing feature. for more information about the purpose and scope of data collection and processing in connection with social sharing features, please visit the privacy policies of the entities that provide these features. security we use reasonable security measures designed to protect information about you from loss, misuse and unauthorized access, disclosure, alteration and destruction. advertising and analytics services provided by others we may allow others to provide analytics services and serve you advertisements on our behalf. these entities may use cookies, web beacons, device identifiers and other technologies to collect information about your use of the services and other websites and apps with this device or other devices. the information collected includes your ip address, web browser, mobile network information, pages viewed, time spent on pages or in apps, links clicked and conversion information. this information may be used by backcountry and others to, among other things, analyze and track data, determine the popularity of certain content, deliver advertising and content targeted to your interests to this device and other devices via the services and other websites and apps, and better understand your online activity. for more information about interest-based ads, or to opt out of having your web browsing information used for behavioral advertising purposes, please visit www.aboutads.info/choices. your device may also include a feature that allows you to opt out of having certain information collected through apps used for behavioral advertising purposes. we may also work with other websites or platforms (such as facebook) to serve ads to you as part of a customized campaign. please refer to the settings of those other websites or platforms for information about any choices they offer in connection with the delivery of interest-based ads. transfer of information to the u.s. and other countries backcountry is based in the united states and the information we collect is governed by u.s. law. by accessing or using the services or otherwise providing information to us, you consent to the processing, transfer and storage of information in and to the u.s. and other countries, where you may not have the same rights and protections as you do under local law. your choices account information you may update the online account information you provide to us by logging into your online account. this information should update across the online accounts you use to access the services, except that you will have to separately maintain and update your motosport account. opt-out of sharing for direct marketing purposes to opt out of us sharing your personal information with third parties for their direct marketing purposes, please send us an email containing the subject line “sharing opt out” to info@backcountry.com. please note that california law permits residents of california to request certain details about how their information is shared with third parties for direct marketing purposes. under the law, a business must either provide this information or permit california residents to opt in to, or opt out of, this type of sharing. we qualify for this alternative option through the opt-out we provide above. location information if you initially consent to our collection of precise location information via our mobile app, you should be able to stop the collection of this information by changing the preferences on your mobile device. if you do so, you may be prevented from using certain features of our mobile app. you may also stop our collection of precise location information via our mobile apps by following the standard uninstall process to remove all of our mobile apps from your device. revoking other mobile app permissions your mobile device operating system may provide you with the ability to discontinue our access to the information described in the “stored information” section of this policy via our mobile apps. you may also stop our collection of this information by following the standard uninstall process to remove all of our mobile apps from your mobile device. cookies most web browsers are set to accept cookies by default. if you prefer, you can usually choose to set your browser to remove or reject browser cookies. please note that if you choose to remove or reject cookies, this could affect the availability and functionality of our services. promotional emails you may opt out of receiving promotional emails from one of our services by following the instructions in those emails or by changing the preferences through your online account with each service. if you opt out, we may still send you non-promotional emails, such as those about your account or our ongoing business relations. promotional calls you may opt out of receiving promotional calls from us by letting us know during one of those calls or by sending an email to info@backcountry.com with the subject line “opt out to calls”. mobile push notifications with your consent, we may send promotional and non-promotional push notifications or alerts to your mobile device. you can deactivate these messages at any time by changing the notification settings on your mobile device. contact us if you have any questions about this privacy policy, please contact us at: 1678 redstone center dr., park city, ut 84098, legal@backcountry.com, or 1-800-409-4502. need help? talk to our gearheads 24/7 about your needs.1.800.233.7159call: 1.800.409.4502stay in the knowsign up for backcountry news, sales and deals sign up for backcountry news, sales and dealsnews letter get newsunsubscribeput a goat on ithelmet, bumper, you name it. put a goat on it.send me a stickershop by categoryorder statussend me a stickergive a friend $10, get $10refer your friendsgift certificatese-gift certificateclassic gift cardpopular pages home men's clothing women's clothing kids' clothing hike & camp bike run climb ski snowboard paddle fly fishing download the app mountain hardwear ghost whisperer jacket gopro hero4 silver edition sorel joan of arctic boot the north face apex bionic softshell jacket oakley frogskins sunglasses the north face aconcagua down jacket garmin forerunner 220 the north face denali fleece jacket the north face arctic down parka resources create a wedding registry returns order status sale item policy sales tax policy terms of use privacy policy international shipping policy learning resources gift card terms & conditions about backcountryabout backcountrypress releasesgroup salesland your dream jobaffiliate programsite mapwhat's wrong with this page?facebooklike us on facebooktwitter@backcountryinstagram@backcountrygoogle plus+backcountryyoutubebackcountryvideodownload the backcountry app.© backcountry.com – all rights reserved siteid: 1 sitecode: bcs transient: true sec status: 0 catalog: catalog:bcs pricelist: pricelist:listprices salepricelist: pricelist:saleprices isdev: no is mobile (touch): no protocol: https port: 80 storeserverurl: https://www.backcountry.com securestoreserverurl: https://www.backcountry.com request locale:en_us_1 profile locale: template parameters footer: /includes/bcs/footer.jsp displayname: /includes/displayname.jsp productdisplaybox: /catalog/include/productdisplaybox.jsp sitename: backcountry.com navigationflyouts: /navigation/categoriesnavflyout.jsp logourl: /images/bcs/bc-logo.png navigation: /navigation/categoriesnav.jsp pagestart: /includes/pagestart.jsp pageend: /includes/pageend.jsp header: /includes/header.jsp template inheritance tree /backcountry/layout/templates/bcs/standardpage /backcountry/layout/templates/standardpage