来源URL: https://web.archive.org/web/20201231162814/https://www.backcountry.com/backcountry-gift-certificate
================================================================================

backcountry egift card | backcountry.com skip to contentskip to searchsign in invalid email or password. please try again.closeemailplease enter a valid email addresspasswordshow passwordplease enter a passwordremember meforgot passwordsign in...create a new accountor sign in with: sign in using facebook sign in using apple create account closefull nameyou must enter a display nameemailplease enter a valid email addresspasswordpasswords are case-sensitive, must be at least 8 characters in length, and must contain at least one special character.☃label_authmodal_show_hide_password☃your password must be at least 8 characters long. it can contain letters, numbers, and must contain at least one special character: ~ ! @ # $ % ^ & * _ - + = ` | ( ) '{' '}' [ ] : ; " '' < > , . ? /include 8 or more characters.include at least 1 special character.retype password☃label_authmodal_show_hide_password☃the two passwords provided do not matchcreate accountsign inwhen you create an account, you agree to our terms of use and consent to our privacy policy.my accountcontact us call last chance to get it by 12/24! use next-day air until 12/22 @ 5:00pm est home pagesearchsubmitclear textwhen autocomplete results are available use up and down arrows to review and enter to select. touch device users, explore by touch or with swipe gestures. talk to our gearheads 24/7 about your needs.1-800-409-4502 my accountshopactivitiesdestinationsstoriesbuilt by backcountryshopdecember picks: winter trail gear & apparelmensclothingjacketsvestsshirtshoodies & sweaterspantsshortsbaselayersunderwear & sleepwearswimwearshop allfootwearcasualhikingwinterrainrunningapproachwatersandalsslippersaccessoriesshop allaccessorieshatsbeaniesneckweargloves & mittensgaiterssockssunglasseswatcheselectronicsbags & daypacksblankets & beach towelsshop alljacketsvestsshirtspantshoodies & sweatersbaselayershatsshop allwomensclothingjacketsveststopsdresses & skirtspantsshortsbaselayersunderwear & sleepwearswimwearshop allfootwearcasualhikingwinterrainrunningapproachwatersandalsslippersaccessoriesshop allaccessorieshatsbeaniesneckweargloves & mittensgaiterssockssunglasseswatcheselectronicsbags & daypacksblankets & beach towelsshop alljacketsveststopspantsdresses & skirtsbaselayersactivewearshop allbrands#abcdefghijklmnopqrstuvwxyzbackcountrybasin + rangestoicpatagoniathe north facearc'teryxmarmotblack diamondla sportivasalomonsanta cruz bicyclessee all brandsactivitieshike & campbikeclimbruntrainingpaddlefly fishsurfyogatravelskisnowboardsnowshoenew arrivalswomenjacketsveststopsdresses & skirtspantsshortsbaselayersunderwear & sleepwearswimwearfootwearaccessoriesshop allmenjacketsvestsshirtshoodies & sweaterspantsshortsbaselayersunderwear & sleepwearswimwearfootwearaccessoriesshop allactivitiesskisnowboardhike & campbikeclimbruntrainingsnowshoepaddlesurffly fishyogatravelbrandspatagoniathe north faceospreybig agnesmarmotpranaarc'teryxon salewomenjacketsveststopsdresses & skirtspantsshortsbaselayersunderwear & sleepwearswimwearfootwearaccessoriesshop allmenjacketsvestsshirtssweaters & hoodiespantsshortsbaselayersunderwear & sleepwearswimwearfootwearaccessoriesshop allkidsgirlsboystoddler girlstoddler boysinfantaccessoriesshop allactivitiesskisnowboardhike & campbikeclimbruntrainingsnowshoepaddlesurffly fishyogatravelgiftskidsboys' clothinggirls' clothingkids' geartoddler boys' clothingtoddler girls' clothinginfant clothingkids accessoriesshop allgirlsjacketsveststopsdresses & skirtspantsshortsbaselayersunderwear & sleepwearswimwearfootwearaccessoriesshop allboysjacketsveststopspantsshortsbaselayersunderwear & sleepwearswimwearfootwearaccessoriesshop allkids' gearkids' campkids' skikids' travelkids' climbkids' snowboardtoddler girlsjacketsveststopspantsshortsbaselayersswimwearfootwearaccessoriesshop alltoddler boysjacketsveststopspantsshortsbaselayersswimwearfootwearaccessoriesshop allinfantjacketsveststopspantsshortssnowsuits & buntingsbaselayersswimwearfootwearaccessoriesshop allactivitiesall activitieshike & campbikeclimbruntrainingpaddlefly fishsurfyogatravelskisnowboardsnowshoeskisnowboardsnowshoedestinationsall destinationsutaheast asiacanadathe alpscaliforniasouth americautaheast asiacanadastoriesbackcountry storiesstories from real people who are blending the outdoors with the everyday, the latest information about gear we love, advice to get you into a new activity or take your passion to the next level, and trip reports to help you plan your next adventure.see all storiesgearhead picks: timpanogos tech fleecebackpacking in the rainsmart camping storage ideas and hacksbuilt by backcountryour new kits for ski, snowboard, winter hiking, indoor training & morebackcountrymen's clothingwomen's clothingskisnowboardhike & campbikeclimbtravelshop all backcountrybasin + rangestoicmen's clothingwomen's clothinghike & campshop all stoiccommunitygearheadseventsadvocacythe nature conservancywildland firefighters foundationthe national ability centerresponsible productsgreener packaginglet them choose with egift cards delivered instantly to their inboxbackgift cardsbackcountry egift card$25.00 - $500.00select your amountselect options$25.00$30.00$40.00$50.00$100.00$125.00$150.00$175.00$200.00$225.00$250.00$500.00recipient's namerecipient's emailleave gift notesquantity add to cart45314 out of 5 stars31 reviewsdetailsegift cardtake it from us gearheads, you have a one in a million chance surprising your own gearhead with the right piece of equipment for the next outdoor adventure. the egift card makes sure you get the right piece of gear. not only will we deliver it, but we'll also email the card straight to the intended recipient. just give us the email address. the egift card is redeemable on the following backcountry sites: backcountry.com, competitivecyclist.com, steepandcheap.com, and motosport.com. note that only one egift card may be redeemed per order. to apply multiple egift cards to a single order, contact us via chat or phone. click here for complete details.give the gift of gear this season with our egift cardemailed within 24 hours, and never expiresto apply multiple gift cards to a single order, please contact usitem #bcs0021learn moretech specsreviewsq & a what do you think about this product?write a reviewviewall>rating: 1december 5, 2020not senti ordered this as a gift for family. months later, i found out the person i was gifting to never received it. i discovered i was charged, but no gift card was sent. i called customer support, and was told the recipient email ended up in the wrong field for some reason they were unclear about. i would be surprised if i made an error like that (although it's not impossible), but i'm definitely disappointed i wasn't contacted about the error despite being charged. it seems like it would be straight forward enough to detect when a gift card is ordered but it doesn't actually get sent to anyone.aistis t.leave a commment report>rating: 1november 9, 2020this internet thing is going to take offi ordered an egift card 18 hours ago, yet i haven’t gotten it yet. every other egift card i‘ve ordered from other retailers are delivered almost immediately. david m.leave a commment reportmark rodgersnovember 28, 2020for anyone that see this, my gift card went to my spam. i would guess david's did the same or was an incorrect email address. report>rating: 5may 8, 2020best gift 🎁 familiarity:i've used it once or twice and have initial impressionsone of the best and easy way to save up to getting something you really want. also best idea. 😍joseph r.leave a commment report>rating: 5december 29, 2019can i buy them trough amazon? familiarity:i've put it through the wringeri want to buy them trough my amazon account.... is that possible? i wasn’t able to find themjfernandoleave a commment report>rating: 1august 15, 2019good gift idea but can’t combinei really like backcountry & was excited when i got 2 gift certificates for backcountry. was hoping to buy a pack only to learn you can only use 1 gift card per order & there’s no way to combine the gift cards. which is a major bummer. so now i am waiting to save enough to use even just one of my gift certificates & i’m sure by the time i do have enough the pack i’ve been eyeing will be long gone 😔kristen engevikleave a commment reportandrew meehannovember 4, 2019hey kristen, give our gearheads a call or chat via our website, and they'll be more than happy apply both of those gift certificates to your order! report>rating: 4april 19, 2019i hope it can be use more than one egiftwhen i pay for my order on steepandcheap.com,i found i only use just one egift card.jmuyj h.leave a commment report>rating: 5november 19, 2018easy gift!when i can't figure out what to get for my favorite outdoor enthusiast (i.e., effectively everyone i know), then i go with the gift card. it's quick for me to input their email address and then it takes care of the rest.will s.leave a commment reportvanya mooreoctober 20, 2020i want to sell your 👩clothing on my facebook report>rating: 5november 5, 2018can't beat a backcountry gift cardfamiliarity:i gave it as a gift but have feedback to shareno matter who you need a gift for, you can't go wrong with a backcountry gift card. good for holidays, baby showers, birthdays, weddings, etc. jessica jacobsonleave a commment reportinfoapril 17, 2019this is a test message report>rating: 5october 7, 2018no one can top backcountryafter my last review, $50 was added on and even koly reached out to me. i purchase these for giveaways for my fb group "maine hiking" so it's great to have a company like backcountry to offer these digital gift certificates. i have no intention on shopping anywhere else when it comes to online ordering for my outdoor gear.luke n.leave a commment reportkoly swistakoctober 8, 2018you're the best luke! report>rating: 4june 18, 2018pricingi'm mostly happy. my only gripe is i needed 3 $50 cards. guess they offer nearly every other amount except $50. hahaluke n.leave a commment reportkoly swistakjune 19, 2018hey luke, thanks for pointing that out! we have a ticket to fix that issue and add the $50 gift cert. you should see it live by this afternoon! report>rating: 5february 9, 2018gift cardfamiliarity:i've put it through the wringergot the gift of picking out my own gear...what more could you ask for?! btw...if you're reading reviews on gift cards you have too much time on your hands. matt faczanleave a commment report>rating: 5january 10, 2018very convenienti gave this as a gift for last secret santa and was pretty awesome, very convenient and cool. highly recommended.mauricio soto alfaroleave a commment report>rating: 5january 2, 2018good for momsfamiliarity:i've used it several timesmy mom never likes the things i buy her, but she pretends she does. now she can buy her own stuff. take that mom. vincent mauroleave a commment report>rating: 5november 6, 2017fastbackcountry has two forms of gift certs. a hard card or in digital form. this is the way to go for that millennial who live on their phone. i'd suggest printing out the email you receive after you purchase so the gift receiver at least can have something physical (slide it in a card maybe) and forward the email later on. simply redeem online at any time! hassle free. case turnerleave a commment report>rating: 5october 31, 2017very fastbackcountry.com egift cards are a great last minute gift. they're delivered within minutes of ordering. i tend to buy them when i get promotional debit cards (think cable to signups) as i'm worried about losing the card itself, or forgetting to use it before it expires.chris shieldsleave a commment report>rating: 5march 2, 2017you know what this is mangreat way to gift the gift of gear to your buddies. my friend sam watched my dog and he got one of these in return.jason trueleave a commment report>rating: 5december 19, 2011recommend!!! five starshighly recommended: i just bought one of these as a gift for a friend. i messed up the email address and customer service was at a minimum 11 out of 10 stars in helping remedy the problem. i would not only recommend the gift card, but backcountry.com for outdoor enthusiast equipment. they are awesome, have awesome products and great affiliate web sites...michael b.leave a commment report>rating: 5november 3, 2011one of the best gifts you can get!actually my first experience with this was when backcountry.com sent me an email telling me that i got $10 off my next order. the email said that it was just $10 off, straight up, no strings attached. the offer expired in a few weeks so i didn't want a free $10 to go to waste. i decided to put the "no strings attached" promise to the test. i was happy to discover that i could indeed use my free $10 towards a $25 gift certificate, locking in this free money for two years. i later used this gift certificate towards the purchase of much needed clothing. can't think of too many places i'd rather get a gift certificate for.matt rleave a commment reportflagged as inappropriate or irrelevant to the product. click here to view. view post flagged as inappropriate or irrelevant to the product. click here to view. view post >rating: december 15, 2020can i send the e-card to my email then print it to give as a gift to my nephew? steve s.leave a commment report>rating: november 27, 2019what can be done if the recipient of an ecard deletes the email? tiffanie m.leave a commment reportevgkeaoctober 19, 2020 report>rating: december 19, 2018why can’t i get a $75 e-gift certificate?lynn w.leave a commment report>rating: january 11, 2018can i redeem two gift certificates in the same transaction and pay off the remaining amount through credit card?ptrmrlsleave a commment report>rating: july 12, 2017i see there isn't a $50 option for a gift certificate. in fact the gap between the $40 and $100 amount is not very accommodating. shouldn't the customer have a choice as to the amount they wish to purchase? this isn't very customer friendly. seems very manipulating. shawnee b.leave a commment report>rating: january 17, 2017i ordered a e gift certificate for my nephew, but he never received it. is there a way i check that it went to the correct email address? thank you! laurie norlander 951-204-6185laurie n.leave a commment report>rating: april 18, 2012hello. i want to try backcountry, but i...hello. i want to try backcountry, but i don't know which ski choose, maybe someone help me? thanks for helpdarekleave a commment reportjosh chapmanapril 23, 2012hey darek, there are a lot of factors that go into choosing the right ski. i recommend using our "chat now" feature located in the upper right-hand corner of the page. this will connect you one of our knowledgable gearheads who can get the necessary information in recommending the ski for you. report>rating: november 22, 2011hi...do gift cards expire? i know i still...hi...do gift cards expire? i know i still have some money left on a gift card, but i'm not sure how to access it because the link i clicked on in my email doesn't work any more. thanks so much!!phoebe j.leave a commment reportzak harrisnovember 23, 2011contact customer service. if it has expired they should be able to re-activate it for you and tell you what the balance is that's left on it. report>rating: september 13, 2011what can i do with the points i accumulate...what can i do with the points i accumulate from being part of the community? i am sure this is explained somewhere but i couldn't find it.tom wallaceleave a commment report>rating: march 10, 2011it is not send it to my email??it is not send it to my email¿?nathan m.leave a commment report>rating: march 10, 2011please i purchased yesterday a gift card...please i purchased yesterday a gift card for my own and i do not yet received ... why? just only 2 in stock the shoes that i want.. some info please...nathan m.leave a commment report>rating: december 23, 2010hi, i received an email stating i sent a...hi, i received an email stating i sent a $25 gift certificate to myself, but i didnt. so when i tried to use it the checkout page said there was only $9 on it...im confused because i just got the email, does anyone know whats goin on?monique b.leave a commment report>rating: november 29, 2010hi, do the gift certificates work on steep...hi, do the gift certificates work on steep and cheap?sarah mccoyleave a commment reportjosh chapmannovember 30, 2010hey sarah, no they do not. only the "main sites" such as backcountry and dogfunk which has it's own gift certificate as well. reportcory gurunovember 30, 2010nope. will only work on our retail sites: backcountry.com, dogfunk.com, realcyclist.com, hucknroll.com, and departmentofgoods.com. report>rating: may 27, 2010hi, i am interested in purchasing a stand...hi, i am interested in purchasing a stand up paddleboard (paddle, leash, etc.), and i was thinking about buying gift certificates over time, and using them as a sort of layaway program until i've bought enough to cover the cost of the purchases. here's my question; say it takes me six months or so to save enough gift certificates to make the purchases, can i ensure the model i want (c4waterman standem) is still available? thanks in advance for your time! brooksbrooks johnsonleave a commment reportcory gurumay 27, 2010nice setup!! but sorry, no, the only way to reserve an item and pull it from inventory is to purchase it. report>rating: january 7, 2010thank you, angus! in itself, as a response...thank you, angus! in itself, as a response so promptly made and thoughtfully sent, i continue to be grateful for and inspired by backcountry and the community that supports it. my troubles with this gear certificate remain (for reasons i'll mention), but i wanted to mention that i made a purchase anyway, and regardless of the fate of a certificate i have only myself to blame for its datedness, i will continue to be a strong advocate of the backcountry enterprise. the paper gear certificate issued in 2003 has an "authorized gear guru" signature on it, in real ink, (name of guru: gilbert) and because my brother was never in utah, i conclude that the certificate must have been sent to him in the mail - perhaps before the e-certificates became a common practice. the certificate measures about 3.75in high x 8.5in. wide, and has the logo of a mountain peak in the background, stretching the width of the card. but besides the 5-digit code, there is no further information.victorleave a commment reportangus bohanonjanuary 7, 2010that's the most positive response i've ever gotten. i'm actually so jaded that i thought you were being sarcastic at first. given your new set of circumstances, it would seem that the protocol for gift certificates has changed since yours was issued. i'd get on live chat again, explain the situation again (including that you're now sure it's the right store), and maybe they can send you a new one. you'd think the old one would be on record somewhere so they could verify it. otherwise, assuming you already tried entering the code where i told you and that didn't work, you may just have to cut your losses. hope there wasn't too much money on the certificate (and that you can actually get to it somehow), and good luck! report>rating: january 7, 2010i have a paper gift certificate that is...i have a paper gift certificate that is quite old...a gift from my brother for my birthday in 2003. while the gift certificate states that it will not expire, and while there is a 5-digit code stamped on the front, i do not know how or indeed if it can be redeemed via your on-line store. i received great help from one of your staff with whom i "chatted" on-line. at the end of that conversation, i had convinced both him and myself that i had mistaken "the backcountry store" with backcountry, given that the certificate listed the following website: "www.backcountrystore.com." but when, subsequently, i searched on-line for "the backcountry store," every search directed me to your store. and for further confirmation, i checked other details on my paper certificate: and indeed, the telephone number and location matched up exactly with yours. this leaves me wondering what to do with this "gear certificate"? and ultimately can it be redeemed?victorleave a commment reportangus bohanonjanuary 7, 2010when you get to checkout, look for a little link that says "gift certificate: click here to redeem." i attached a photo of what that looks like; it'll be under item 5: enter your payment information if you're not signed in or under item 1: verify your payment information if you are. hope that helps and hope you get your money. excellent sleuthing work too. report>rating: october 18, 2009can i use a backcountry gift certificate...can i use a backcountry gift certificate for steepandcheap or tramdock?chris b.leave a commment reportangus bohanonoctober 18, 2009nope, i tried that. it has to be used on backcountry, unfortunately. report>rating: october 13, 2009can a gift certificate be spread out over...can a gift certificate be spread out over several purchases? example: if i had a $500 gift certificate, could i make five separate $100 purchases?sbdivemasterleave a commment reportangus bohanonoctober 18, 2009absolutely. it's like store credit, you can spread it out as much as you want. i'd advise purchases no smaller than $50 though, you don't want to spend your certificate on shipping. reportsnowbirdoctober 8, 2010also, keep in mind that you can only use one certificate per online order, so don't stock up on $50 certificates thinking you can use three of them on your $150 order. reportjoshua moorejanuary 9, 2011i have run into the problem of stocking up on gift certificates. ordering online did not support it. however you can jump on chat with backcountry and they will complete the order for you or even issue a brand new certificate that consolidates all your gift certificates into one. report>rating: may 22, 2009hi, i purchased a $200 gift certificate...hi, i purchased a $200 gift certificate for my son-in-law for christmas 2008. my daughter deleted the email from back country that gave him the information about his certificate and the pass word he was supposed to use to access it. can this information be sent again, or is he just out of luck and out a $200 gift certificate? thank you, cynthiacynthia c.leave a commment reportrob de lucamay 29, 2009if it hasn't been redeemed and it hasn't expired, he should be fine. a gearhead should be able to reissue the info for you; chat them up or call (800) 409-4502. hope that helps. reportflagged as inappropriate or irrelevant to the product. click here to view. view post need help? talk to our gearheads 24/7 about your needs.call usor call: 1-800-409-4502stay in the knowbe the first to see sales & new gear!email addresssubmitgift certificatesshop by categoryorder statuse-gift certificateclassic gift cardresources create a wedding registry returns order status sale item policy sales tax policy terms of use privacy policy do not sell my personal data international shipping policy learning resources gift card terms & conditions special group offers about backcountryabout backcountrypress releasesgroup salesland your dream jobaffiliate programaccessibility statementwhat's wrong with this page?like us on facebookfollow us on instagramfollow us on twittersubscribe to us on youtubedownload the backcountry app© backcountry.com – all rights reserved