来源URL: https://web.archive.org/web/20211231210019/https://www.backcountry.com/sc/privacy-policy
================================================================================

updated privacy policy | backcountry.com skip to content skip to search sign in invalid email or password. please try again.closeemailplease enter a valid email addresspasswordshow passwordplease enter a passwordremember meforgot passwordsign in...close you've shopped with us before!please set your password using the link below.set my passwordcreate a new accountor sign in with: sign in using apple create your accountalready have an account?sign inplease correct the errors.first name*enter first namelast name*enter last nameemail*enter valid emailpassword*passwords are case-sensitive, must be at least 8 characters in length, and must contain at least one special character.☃label_authmodal_show_hide_password☃please enter a valid passwordinclude 8 or more characters.include at least 1 special character.retype password*☃label_authmodal_show_hide_password☃passwords provided do not matchbirthdatemonthjanuaryfebruarymarchaprilmayjunejulyaugustseptemberoctobernovemberdecember(optional)dayselect a birthdayfor your free birthday gift!*i agree to backcountry’s terms of use,expedition perks’ terms & conditions,and consent to the privacy policy.agree to terms & conditionsi agree to receive recurring, outbound marketing calls to the phone number associated with my default address from a gearhead. calls may utilize automated systems. (optional)restricted from expedition perksthis email is restricted from joining expedition perks. continue to create your backcountry account without access to expedition perks.join nowstart your expeditionsign up with your email and start earning rewards with our exclusive loyalty program.explore more, score moreelevate your outdoor experience with expedition perks, where you earn points on purchases, get a bonus on your birthday, and more–it’s free to join!points on purchasesmember exclusivesbirthday discountlearn more my accountcontact uschat call winter adventure guide: explore more this season home pagesearchsubmitclear textwhen autocomplete results are available use up and down arrows to review and enter to select. touch device users, explore by touch or with swipe gestures.chat talk to our gearheads 24/7 about your needs.1-800-409-4502 my accountnew arrivalswomenmenkidsactivitiesbrandsexclusive brandssaleexplore blog backcountry privacy policy last updated: april 03, 2021 this privacy policy explains how information about you is collected, used and disclosed by backcountry.com, llc and its subsidiaries (backcountry or we). this privacy policy applies to information we collect across our brands when you use our websites, mobile apps, retail stores, and other online products and services (collectively, the services), including the services we provide for backcountry, and our other brands (like steep & cheap, competitive cyclist, and motosport), and when you otherwise interact with us. this policy does not apply to products or services with separate privacy policies that do not incorporate this privacy policy. we may change this privacy policy from time to time. if we make changes, we will notify you by revising the date at the top of the policy and, in some cases, we may provide you with additional notice (such as adding a statement to our homepage or sending you a notification). we encourage you to review the privacy policy regularly to stay informed about our information practices and the choices available to you. for information about the choices we offer in connection with our information practices, please see your choices below. if you are a california resident, please see the section titled "california privacy rights" below. collection of information information you provide to us we collect information you provide directly to us. for example, we collect information when you create an account, update your profile, post a review, participate in any interactive features of the services, fill out a form or survey, join and participate in a loyalty program, participate in a contest or promotion, make a purchase, communicate with us via third party social media sites, request customer support or otherwise communicate with us. the types of information we may collect about you include your name, password, email address, social media user names and handles, postal address, phone number, birthday, gender, interests, preferences, photos, product reviews, fit information, payment information and any other information you choose to provide. information we collect automatically when you use the services when you use our services, we automatically collect certain information, including: transaction information: we collect information in connection with each transaction you engage in or consider via the services, including product details, purchase price and other transaction details. log information: we collect log information in connection with your use of the services, including the type of browser you use, access times, pages viewed, product interactions, your ip address and the page you visited before navigating to our services. device information: we collect information about the mobile device you use to access our mobile apps, including the hardware model, operating system and version, unique device identifiers and mobile network information. location information: we may collect precise location of your mobile device via our mobile apps in accordance with the permission process established by your mobile device operating system. we may also collect the approximate location of your device based the devices ip address. stored information: we may access information you have stored on your mobile device via our mobile apps in accordance with the permission process established by your mobile device operating system. for example, with your permission, we may access photos or videos from your mobile device photo gallery. information collected by cookies and other tracking technologies:we use various technologies to collect information from the computer or device you use to access our services, including cookies and web beacons. cookies are small data files stored on your hard drive or in device memory that help us see which areas and features of our services are popular and count visits. web beacons are electronic images that may be used in our services or emails and help deliver cookies, count visits and understand usage and campaign effectiveness. one of the technologies we use in our services is google analytics. for more information about how google processes information in connection with google analytics, please see https://policies.google.com/privacy. information we collect from other sources we may also obtain information from other sources. for example, we may collect information about you from other sites that sell our products, from other users, such as individuals who send you a gift through our services, from social networks in accordance with their authorization procedures and from third party providers that tie together multiple data points to gain additional information to create a unified customer view. information we infer we may derive information or draw inferences about you based on information we collect about you. for example, based on your browsing or purchases, we may infer your gender, your interest in certain activities or brands, or information about your purchasing activities over time. use of information we use information about you as follows: provide, maintain and improve our services; provide and deliver the products and services you request, process transactions and send you related information, including confirmations and invoices; send you technical notices, updates, security alerts and support and administrative messages; respond to your comments, questions and requests and provide customer service; communicate with you about products, services, offers, promotions, rewards, and events and other news and information we think will be of interest to you; monitor and analyze trends, usage and activities in connection with our services; detect, investigate and prevent fraudulent transactions and other illegal activities and protect the rights and property of backcountry and others; personalize and improve your experience on our services; personalize the advertisements you see on third-party platforms and websites (for more information, see advertising and analytics services provided by others below); facilitate contests, sweepstakes and promotions and process and deliver entries and rewards; link or combine with other information we collect about you; and. carry out any other purpose described to you at the time the information is collected. sharing of information we may share information about you as follows or as otherwise described in this privacy policy: with third parties with whom we sponsor events if you consent to such disclosure; when you participate in interactive features on our services, information about you may be displayed publicly on our services and on other sites or online services, including your photos, videos, posts, product feedback and other information you choose to provide; with vendors, consultants, marketing partners, and other third party providers who need access to such information in connection with services they perform for us and who are subject to contractual obligations regarding their use of the information; we share name and contact information with third-party providers of print catalog services who may use this information for their own commercial purposes. you may contact us at legal@backcountry.com if you would like to opt out of backcountry sharing your information with these providers; in response to a request for information if we believe disclosure is in accordance with, or required by, any applicable law, regulation or legal process if we believe your actions are inconsistent with our user agreements or policies, or to protect the rights, property and safety of backcountry or others; in connection with, or during negotiations of, any merger, sale of backcountry assets, financing or acquisition of all or a portion of our business by another company; and with your consent or at your direction. we may also share aggregated or de-identified information that cannot reasonably be used to identify you. third-party features the services may offer third-party social sharing features and other integrated tools (such as the facebook like button), which let you share actions you take on our services with other media, and vice versa. your use of such features enables the sharing of information with your friends or the public, depending on the settings you establish with the entity that provides the social sharing feature. for more information about the purpose and scope of data collection and processing in connection with social sharing features, please visit the privacy policies of the entities that provide these features. for orders placed on some of our services, we may offer third-party payment and financing options. for example, if you select klarna as your payment method, you will provide information directly to klarna and you also direct backcountry to share certain contact and order information with klarna to enable your use of their service to pay for your order. the information klarna receives is subject to their privacy policy. security we use reasonable security measures designed to protect information about you from loss, misuse and unauthorized access, disclosure, alteration and destruction. advertising and analytics services provided by others we allow others to provide analytics services and serve you advertisements on our behalf. these entities may use cookies, web beacons, device identifiers and other technologies to collect information about your use of the services and other websites and apps. the information collected includes your ip address, web browser, mobile network information, pages viewed, time spent on pages or in apps, links clicked and conversion information. this information may be used by backcountry and others to, among other things, analyze and track data, determine the popularity of certain content, deliver advertising and content targeted to your interests on our services and other websites and apps, and better understand your online activity. you may opt out of cookie-based data sharing with ad targeting providers by following the instructions via this link: "here". you can also learn more about interest-based ads and opt out of having your web browsing information used for behavioral advertising purposes at www.aboutads.info/choices. in addition, your device may include a feature that allows you to opt out of having certain information collected through mobile apps used for behavioral advertising purposes. we may also work with other websites or platforms (such as facebook) to serve ads to you as part of a customized campaign. please refer to the settings of those other websites or platforms for information about any choices they offer in connection with the delivery of interest-based ads. transfer of information to the u.s. and other countries backcountry is based in the united states and the information we collect is governed by u.s. law. by accessing or using the services or otherwise providing information to us, you consent to the processing, transfer and storage of information in and to the u.s. and other countries, where you may not have the same rights and protections as you do under local law. your choices account information you may update the online account information you provide to us by logging into your online account. you will need to change any account information you provide, including communication preferences, for each brand. location information if you initially consent to our collection of precise location information via any of our mobile apps, you should be able to stop the collection of this information by changing the preferences for those apps on your mobile device. if you do so, you may be prevented from using certain features of our mobile apps. you may also stop our collection of precise location information via our mobile apps by following the standard uninstall process to remove all of our mobile apps from your device. revoking other mobile app permissions your mobile device operating system may provide you with the ability to discontinue our access to the information described in the stored information section of this policy via our mobile apps. you may also stop our collection of this information by following the standard uninstall process to remove all of our mobile apps from your mobile device. cookies you may opt out of cookie-based data sharing with ad targeting providers by following the instructions via this link: "here". in addition, most web browsers are set to accept cookies by default. if you prefer, you can usually choose to set your browser to remove or reject browser cookies. please note that if you choose to remove or reject cookies, this could affect the availability and functionality of our services. promotional emails you may opt out of receiving promotional emails from each of our brands (like backcountry, motosport, competitive cyclist, and steepandcheap) by following the instructions in emails from each brand or by changing the preferences through your online account with each brand. if you opt out, we may still send you non-promotional emails, such as those about your account or our ongoing business relations. promotional calls and texts with your consent, you may receive promotional calls or text messages from us. you may opt out of receiving these communications by letting us know during one of those calls, or by responding with the word stop to one of these text messages or following other opt-out instructions provided in those messages. if you have consented to promotional calls or texts, you may also be able to adjust your communications preferences for calls or texts through your online account with the backcountry, motosport and competitive cyclist brands. direct mail you may receive catalogs and other print mail pieces from our brands. you may opt out of receiving direct mail marketing by adjusting your communication preferences with the brand that sent the direct mail communication or by emailing us at legal@backcountry.com. mobile push notifications with your consent, we may send promotional and non-promotional push notifications or alerts to your mobile device. you can deactivate these notifications at any time by changing the notification settings on your mobile device. california privacy rights the california consumer privacy act or ccpa and the shine the light law afford consumers residing in california certain rights with respect to their personal information. if you are a california resident, this section applies to you. ccpa in the last 12 months, we collected the following categories of personal information: identifiers (such as name and contact information), characteristics of protected classifications (such as age and gender), commercial information (such as products purchased), internet or other electronic network activity information (such as browsing behavior), geolocation data (such as if permitted for collection via one of our mobile apps), audio, electronic, visual or similar information (such as profile pictures or customer support call information), and inferences we make (such as preferred activities). for more details about the personal information we collect, including the categories of sources, please see the collection of information section above. we collect this information for the business and commercial purposes described in the use of information section above. in the preceding 12 months, we have disclosed the following categories of personal information for business purposes to the following categories of recipients: categories of personal information we collect parties with whom information may be shared identifiers (such as name and contact information) financing and payment processors and services providers characteristics of protected classifications (such as age and gender) order and fulfillment services providers commercial information (such as products purchased) customer support services providers internet or other electronic network activity information (such as browsing behavior) events services providers geolocation data (such as if permitted for collection via one of our mobile apps) customer feedback services providers audio, electronic, visual or similar information (such as profile pictures or customer support call information) data analytics providers inferences (such as preferred activities) cloud storage providers software development services providers fraud prevention services providers identity verification services providers marketing services providers personalization and user experience partners advertising partners developers of mobile apps you use third parties when compelled by law, such as to law enforcement or other governmental authorities california law requires that we provide transparency about scenarios in which backcountry sells personal information, which, for purposes of the ccpa, includes sharing personal information with third parties in exchange for valuable consideration. we do not sell your personal information for money. instead, like many retailers, we sell personal information to certain third parties to market and advertise our products to you and to curate and grow our catalog audience. in the preceding 12 months, we have sold identifiers (such as your email address, postal address and other online identifiers) with advertising networks and print catalog marketing partners, and electronic network activity information (such as browsing behavior) to advertising networks. you have the right to opt out of these sales at any time by visiting our "do not sell my personal data" webpage. we do not knowingly sell personal information about consumers under the age of 16. subject to certain limitations and exceptions, the ccpa also provides california consumers the right to request (1) to know more details about the categories or specific pieces of personal information we collect, use, disclose and sell, (2) to request deletion of their personal information, and (3) to not be discriminated against for exercising these rights. california consumers may make a rights request by visiting this portal, by contacting us at legal@backcountry.com, or by calling us at 1-833-923-3717. we will verify your request by asking you to provide information related to your recent interactions with us, such as information about a recent purchase. if we receive your request from an authorized agent, we may ask for evidence that you have provided such agent with a power of attorney or that the agent otherwise has valid written authority to submit requests to exercise rights on your behalf. if you are an authorized agent seeking to make a request, please email us at legal@backcountry.com. we offer various financial incentives. for example, we provide discounts and other benefits to members of our loyalty programs and we may offer you a discount if you sign up for our email newsletters or participate in some surveys we offer. when you participate in a financial incentive, we collect personal information from you, such as identifiers like your name and email address and commercial information like your purchasing habits. you may opt into a financial incentive by following the instructions provided at sign-up, and you may opt-out of the incentive at any time by emailing legal@backcountry.com. in some cases, additional terms and conditions may govern a financial incentive program, which we will provide to you when you sign up. the value of your personal information is reasonably related to the value of the discount or benefit presented to you. shine the light california law permits residents of california to request certain details about how their information is shared with third parties for direct marketing purposes. under the law, a business must either provide this information or permit california residents to opt in to, or opt out of, this type of sharing. backcountry qualifies for this alternative option. if you would like to opt out of such sharing, please complete the form available here (select do not sell my information as the right you would like to exercise). contact us if you have any questions about this privacy policy, please contact us at: 1678 redstone center dr., park city, ut 84098, legal@backcountry.com, or 1-833-923-3717. need help? talk to our gearheads 24/7 about your needs.call uschat nowor call: 1-800-409-450215% off your first orderand get the scoop on sales & new gear!email addresssubmitgift certificatesshop by categoryorder statuse-gift certificateclassic gift cardprice matchingterms of useprivacy policydo not sell my personal dataca supply chain actsummit club terms & conditionsresourcesfind a storereturnsprice matchingorder statusklarna faqsprotect+sales tax policyshipping policylearning resourcesgift card terms & conditionsspecial group offersstudent offersterms of useprivacy policydo not sell my personal dataca supply chain actsummit club terms & conditionsabout backcountryabout backcountrygroup salesland your dream jobexpedition perksaffiliate programaccessibility statementcontact uslike us on facebookfollow us on instagramfollow us on twittersubscribe to us on youtubedownload the backcountry app© backcountry.com – all rights reserved siteid: 1 sitecode: bcs transient: true sec status: 0 catalog: catalog:bcs pricelist: pricelist:listprices salepricelist: pricelist:saleprices isdev: no is mobile (touch): no protocol: https port: 80 storeserverurl: https://www.backcountry.com securestoreserverurl: https://www.backcountry.com request locale:en_us_1 profile locale: template parameters footer: /includes/bcs/footer.jsp displayname: /includes/displayname.jsp productdisplaybox: /catalog/include/productdisplaybox.jsp sitename: backcountry.com navigationflyouts: /navigation/categoriesnavflyout.jsp gtmtagid: gtm-5dk6vpb logourl: /images/bcs/bc-logo.png navigation: /navigation/categoriesnav.jsp pagestart: /includes/pagestart.jsp pageend: /includes/pageend.jsp header: /includes/header.jsp template inheritance tree /backcountry/layout/templates/bcs/standardpage /backcountry/layout/templates/standardpage