来源URL: https://web.archive.org/web/20111012174738/http://www.jegs.com/s/customercare/CustomerCare.html?tab=5
================================================================================

jegs jegs history text/photos customer satisfaction payment shop with confidence stores careers text, pricing & photography errors in typographical content, pricing and photography are subject to correction and may change without notice. customer satisfaction guaranteed your satisfaction is paramount to our business! we strive to offer our customers the highest quality parts, top-notch customer and technical service, all at the lowest prices. we are so confident in our ability to do this that we offer an unparalleled customer satisfaction guarantee. if you are not completely satisfied, return the new/unused item in the original box prepaid, with a copy of the invoice within one year, for a refund/exchange. 24/7 technical support only at jegs! need technical information about a product you've already purchased from us or help getting it installed? need more information on an item before you purchase it? that is what we're here for 24 hours a day, 7 days a week, 363* days of the year! our knowledgeable tech support staff is ready and willing to give you the support you need for all our name brand products. millions of name brand parts in stock our 250,000+ square foot warehouse is filled with millions of name brand parts ready for same day shipping. this means that most any item you want for your car will be in stock and ship the day you order it (by 9:00 pm est). no more waiting. price match guarantee our price match guarantee is easy to use. just enter the url or the web site where you found a lower "to your door" price, enter that price in the box provided and that is the price you pay when you check out. the item price matched includes "to your door" costs. the guarantee does not apply to refurbished, used, or closeout sales. price matches will be confirmed before the items are shipped. jegs reserves the right to determine the eligibility of all items that are price matched. contacting our tech support staff to get help with your jegs products simply call 800-345-4545, press option 2, and a technical support representative will be available to answer any and all your questions and take your order. track tested: we race what we sell when you see the "track tested" logo you can feel confident that this manufacturer has our official jegs approval. exclusively at jegs, select manufacturers have been put to the test by our championship pro stock car and sportsman race teams. the nhra circuit provides the most demanding conditions possible for the daily use and abuse of our track tested manufacturers. only after surviving these tests are manufactures given the track tested approval. we want you to know that when you buy a track tested product that you are buying with confidence. that is why, when you see the track tested logo, you know it is a winner! (the track tested is a designation of jegs automotive, inc. it is not a representation of warranty of any kind respecting the products with which it is used.) did you know? did you know that we offer jegs brand product instruction sheets? what this means to you is that when you purchase a product from jegs you have access to installation instructions for your product** in pdf format. you can also be assured that our expert tech support staff is available to assist you with those instructions 24/7/362. you are welcome to browse our instruction sheets before you purchase a product from us. how are we doing? at jegs, customer satisfaction is a major part of our business. we want to know how we are doing. let us know if someone has been helpful, how your service was, or how we can make your shopping experience more enjoyable by contacting us at myexperience@jegs.com. * - closed thanksgiving, and christmas. ** - available on most jegs products we sell and other manufacturers when available. paypal is a safe, simple alternative to other online payment methods. you can shop confidently on the internet without revealing credit card numbers. paypal offers 24/7 monitoring of and 100% protection from potential fraud. we are now accepting paypal internationally! credit card we accept mastercard, visa, discover, and american express. make sure to enter your complete account number and expiration date. for your protection, we security check all credit card orders. money order, wire transfer, certified check (only available through our phone system) your order will be shipped within 24 hours upon receipt of your payment. please do not send cash. c.o.d. (only available through our phone system) there will be a $14.99 per box fee. use your credit card for fast "to-your-door" delivery and save the c.o.d. fee. please note: checks returned unpaid by your financial institution are subject to a service charge of $30 or the maximum allowed by law. checks returned for insufficient or uncollected funds, together with service charges, may be debited electronically from your account or collected using a bank draft drawn from your account. shop with confidence at jegs.com we understand your concerns about online security and maintain rigorous standards to ensure your personal information is safe when you shop at jegs.com. your information is safe neither your name nor anything about you is sold or shared with any other company. privacy policy the following states the jegs high performance policy regarding the privacy rights of visitors to this website. we respect your right to privacy and your desire for a secure online shopping experience. our postal address is: 101 jegs place delaware, oh 43015 we can be reached by telephone at 1-800-345-4545. information we collect and how it's used - aggregate information we collect aggregate information on visits made to our pages. this information helps us improve the content of our site. - other information we collect when you purchase a product on jegs.com, we ask you for the following information: name, address, phone number, e-mail address, and credit card. this information is used to process your order and if necessary, to contact you for help when we are processing an order. all information we collect is stored in a secure database. jegs high performance also collects e-mail addresses to inform our customers that we received the order, and to send notifications of special offers and promotions. - about children (under 18) for their protection, we ask that children do not submit information to us without the consent of a parent or guardian. - secure shopping we use verisign as our ssl (secure socket layer) digital certificate provider, providing our customers the strongest certificate services available. your credit card information is encrypted while traveling the internet. we also use mcafee secure to keep you safe from identity theft, credit card fraud, spyware, spam and viruses. - disclosure of information policy we never make your e-mail address available to any other company or organization. if you supply us with your postal address, you may receive periodic mailings of catalogs from jegs high performance. if you do not wish to receive such mailings, please let us know by calling or writing us at the above address. if you have supplied us with your postal address, we do not share your name and address with any companies. - need to make a change? if you would like to change any of your transactional information in our database please feel free to contact us. you'll find our phone number and address at the top of this page. retail stores if you are ever in central ohio, feel free to stop by one of the jegs high performance retail stores. we have two locations in the greater columbus area. main retail store 751 east 11th avenue columbus, oh 43211 (614)-294-5151 (view map) store hours (all stores) sunday: 10 am - 4 pm monday: 9 am - 9 pm tuesday: 9 am - 7 pm wednesday: 9 am - 7 pm thursday: 9 am - 7 pm friday: 9 am - 9 pm saturday: 9 am - 5:30 pm east retail store 6597 east main street reynoldsburg, oh 43068 (614)-863-1616 (view map) ecommerce java developer are you tired of being a number at your employer?  do you want to know that you really contribute to your company’s website? come and make a difference at jegs!  jegs automotive, inc., an industry leader in the distribution of after market high performance auto parts and accessories, is searching for a self motivated professional with proven success developing java based ecommerce projects.  the candidate must possess 3 to 5 years of previous java development experience in a direct-to-consumer ecommerce environment.  experience in application development using websphere commerce is also required.  a bs in computer science is preferred... complete description buyer - high performance auto parts jegs, the leader in after-market distribution of high performance parts and accessories, is seeking an experienced automotive parts buyer.  we are in need of a highly motivated, enthusiastic individual with strong negotiating and analytical skills, with a solid experience in the automotive performance market... complete description mail order technical sales associate jegs is a leading multi-channel merchant of high-performance auto parts. founded in 1960 by jeg coughlin, sr. as a small speed shop, jegs has grown into a powerhouse that includes a race team and a 250,000 sq ft warehouse which supports two retail stores and a mail order business. right now, we are currently seeking mail order technical sales associates. start an enjoyable career with jegs and look forward to going to work! if the high performance field excites and inspires you...if your hobbies are automotive and performance related...if you enjoy interacting with fellow enthusiasts... then jegs could be the place for you! complete description warehouse associate - 4 day work week! jegs is a leading multi-channel merchant of high-performance auto parts. founded in 1960 by jeg coughlin, sr. as a small speed shop, jegs has grown into a powerhouse that includes a race team, and a 250,000 sq ft warehouse which supports two retail stores and a mail order business. jegs is currently seeking a warehouse associate to help with the daily picking, packing, shipping and receiving of high performance auto parts and accessories in our clean, climate-controlled distribution center in delaware, ohio. this is a fast-paced, physical position, and successful candidates will demonstrate dependability and a solid work history, will have prior distribution experience, and will have the ability to lift up to 50 pounds. forklift certification and experience with rf scanners is a plus. complete description warehouse associate - 4 day work week! jegs is a leading multi-channel merchant of high-performance auto parts. founded in 1960 by jeg coughlin, sr. as a small speed shop, jegs has grown into a powerhouse that includes a race team, and a 250,000 sq ft warehouse which supports two retail stores and a mail order business. jegs is currently seeking a warehouse associate to help with the daily picking, packing, shipping and receiving of high performance auto parts and accessories in our clean, climate-controlled distribution center in delaware, ohio. this is a fast-paced, physical position, and successful candidates will demonstrate dependability and a solid work history, will have prior distribution experience, and will have the ability to lift up to 50 pounds. forklift certification and experience with rf scanners is a plus. complete description warehouse associate - 2nd shift jegs is a leading multi-channel merchant of high-performance auto parts. founded in 1960 by jeg coughlin, sr. as a small speed shop, jegs has grown into a powerhouse that includes a race team, and a 250,000 sq ft warehouse which supports two retail stores and a mail order business. jegs is currently seeking a warehouse associate to help with the daily picking, packing, shipping and receiving of high performance auto parts and accessories in our clean, climate-controlled distribution center in delaware, ohio. this is a fast-paced, physical position, and successful candidates will demonstrate dependability and a solid work history, will have prior distribution experience, and will have the ability to lift up to 50 pounds. forklift certification and experience with rf scanners is a plus. complete description performance parts air filters & cold air kits apparel batteries bracket racing brakes & drivetrain cams & valvetrain car care chassis, steering & suspension chrome, billet, dress-up circle track collectibles, books, dvds & energy drinks computer tuning cooling, ac & heating easy kits engines & components exhaust, headers & mufflers fasteners & gaskets fittings & hose fuel, carbs & intakes gauges & tachs gift certificates hoods, scoops & body ignition & electrical jr. dragster ls / lt mopar performance mustang & ford racing oil system safety & seats shifters sport compact superchargers, turbo & nitrous switches, starters & alternators timing chains & pulleys tools & shop equipment trailer, towing & winches transmission & drivetrain truck accessories wheels & tires high performance auto partsover 50 years of experience delivering the best in high performance auto parts. jegs has the knowledge and technical support staff along with 100% satisfaction guarantee. our warehouse is filled with millions of name brand parts ready for same day shipping.what you want - when you want it - at the price you want to pay jegs online login add to favorites/bookmark follow us on send to a friend team jegs website translate performance parts categories engines & components wheels & tires fuel & induction exhaust chassis & suspension transmission performance parts brands edelbrock msd ignition moroso mr. gasket auto meter holley popular performance parts 6al ignition hose fittings edelbrock intakes pro seats battery switch starters about jegs jegs foundation link to us jegs - videos wish list home track tested brands privacy policy site map contact us retail stores tech articles ©2011 jegs high performance. all rights reserved. customer care my account wish list order tracker view cart 1-800-345-4545 shop specials shop new products shop by brand catalog quick order shop by catalog free catalog team jegs recent searches year 2012 2011 2010 2009 2008 2007 2006 2005 2004 2003 2002 2001 2000 1999 1998 1997 1996 1995 1994 1993 1992 1991 1990 1989 1988 1987 1986 1985 1984 1983 1982 1981 1980 1979 1978 1977 1976 1975 1974 1973 1972 1971 1970 1969 1968 1967 1966 1965 1964 1963 1962 1961 1960 1959 1958 1957 1956 1955 make model