来源URL: https://web.archive.org/web/20091229205646/http://www.coffee.org/testimonials.html
================================================================================

coffee.org brews a new coffee distribution center customer service hours mon. – fri. 7:00am – 7:00pm cst saturday 8:30am – 12 noon cst 1-800-344-2739 (brew) item unit price quantity total pumpkin k-cups | timothy's | 24 k-cups 6.88 $34.40 lipton spiced hot cider, 14 packages 3.00 $3.00 total: 2 $37.40 home  /  add to favorites /  my account coffee k cups pods machines teas & beverages supplies gift baskets accessories soup “ hi i purchased the christmas basket it is very nice thank you ”december 2009 millie “ thanks for such great service that is fast and friendly. the personal touch is wonderful and rarely experienced. your customers really appreciate it. thank you!”december 2009 joan “ received our order the other day and we are enjoying our new k-cups! yummy holiday flavors. we also enjoyed the package of cookies you enclosed. you are an awesome company and we will be ordering from you again. i will be sure to let our friends know about your company. thank you! thank you! happy holidays! ”december 2009 ann m. :) customer service and easy shopping is very important to us. we will always step in and go the extra mile. we do our best to ensure you have a good customer experience. let us know how we can improve. not all of our customers choose to rate our store, but we appreciate the ones who provide us valuable feedback. it is with your help that we improve our service. thank you! sincerely, ellie ellie glidewell, president please rate our performance: excellent very good average good poor name: email: message: security code: please insert the security code from the image to the text box below. “ i was so surprised to see an extra box of kcups in my order. it sure made my day! thank you so much sam for the wonderful package! i love coffee. org. i was very pleased with my last order also and i have never before gotten a handwritten letter from a company thanking me! awesome service!! happy holidays to all of you at coffee.org!! ”december 2009 kathy y. :) “ thank you i did reieve my order!!!!! it is nice to know that there is actually someone reading emails sent to your business. i will never buy coffee from another company again and i will pass along to all my friends that have a kurieg coffee maker about my experience with you. thank you,”december 2009 erin c. “ to the staff : thank you so much for the fast and professional service! i appreciate you all so very much and think you have a great team and the best prices on coffee! ”december 2009 dawn h. “ i just wanted you to know that i ordered on wednesday and received my shipment on thursday. i just had regular shipping but with that kind of service it opens up possibilities for christmas presents. i am always skeptical about ordering over the internet but your sight has been great and with the quick response on getting the products i would have to give you an at. thanks again for everything, ”december 2009 tammy “ thank you so much for your help and excellent customer service. have a great day! ”december 2009 kendra “ thank you for the samples of timothy\'s perfectly pumpkin very good nice chance an the chocolate to yum!”december 2009 . “ for the cookie ! ,and for the good old fashioned service. you will get my business again for k cups. and boy do we drink a lot of \'em. thanks again .... ”december 2009 tom b. “ please let miss ellie know, i love the special touch with her excellent customer service!”december 2009 linda “ i would like to thank you for the cookie you always place with my order! i was really surprised when i opened my order yesterday and found a cookie and an additional gift of chocolate and coffee k-cups! i noticed right from the first order the personal touch provided by miss ellie’s coffee.org! i have to say, this is what makes me come back to your company. the personal touch is very nice! again, thank you!”december 2009 linda a. “ i recently received my second order of k cups from you folks.....i really like and appreciate your little notes and candid comments. your service is first rate and i hope we enjoy a long relationship. keurig and timothy's equals a swell cup of coffee!”december 2009 william a. “ thank you very much for prompt service, so fast i could not believe such great service. happy holidays”december 2009 e. d. “ it is very refreshing to know that someone still cares about the customer. price for my k cups is really good too. oh, did i mention that miss ellie is cute too?”december 2009 howard w. “ received my order. what a nice surprise to find a personal note and gift goodies! thank you so much for your kindness and fast shipment. we will definitely order from you again. great selection and super service.”december 2009 penni b. “ thanks miss ellie, i just received my first coffee order from you and was surprised because i received a box of pumpkin, thank you, i was getting ready to call and tell you that you sent an extra box of coffee, so glad to get the email, and thank you for the prompt delivery.”december 2009 jere o. “ good morning! we received our coffee order yesterday and i wanted to thank your company for the coffee mug. it was a very pleasant surprise! have a wonderful day. sincerely,”december 2009 rachel “ thank you for your prompt shiping of my order. this is my second order and i do enjoy the note and cookies. today i received my order and note from shelly. sounds silly but i do now look forward to seeing what kind of cookie i will munch on. slight disappointment that the cookie pkg reads \"guaranteed fresh until printed date\"..it is todays date. i do thank you though for my prompt order. ”december 2009 laura b. “ yes, your package did bring a smile. thx for the mug and cookies. everything was okay and as-ordered. hope your holiday was exceptional. ”november 2009 walt l. “ i wanted to take a few minutes to say thank you to miss ellie and her staff. i ordered the pumpkin coffee at an amazing price and recieved it in only two days from all the way across the united states and i did not even put in my order until the evening! wow what an amazing team. i used to order from keruig but now i will always use miss ellies. great prices, quick and friendly service and my order arrived with a complimentary cookie gift, how nice! thank you all! i'm your new life time customer!”november 2009 dawn hayes “ just wanted to thank you for the special chocolate surprise and samples in my last order. it was a very nice surprise... happy thanksgiving! ”november 2009 theresa z. “ hi sammie... now that's what i call service ! easy and fast. i'm recommending you to 2 others i know who own keurig coffee makers. thanks and happy thanksgiving.”november 2009 ken “ excellent service. always in stock and great prices. just amazing ”november 2009 jason h. “ i want to thank you for such prompt service. i love my kurig cup holder and found the person i ordered it from courteous and delightful. refreshing to talk to a human especially one with a great diposition.”november 2009 nancy “ you are such a wonderful supplier i just forwarded your email address to out motion picture group. hope you get lots of orders ”november 2009 chris m. “ hi just wanted to let you know my order arrived fine. i did have a smile on my face when i found the cookies, and the gift box with some new coffee’s to try along with a wonderful piece of chocolate. thanks very much and have a wonderful thanksgiving.”november 2009 rita m. “ dear sirs, just have to say that i am very impressed with the delivery of your product! it has to be the fastest delivery of any product i have ordered online. i will be ordering from you from now on !”november 2009 janice f. “ just a little feedback. i have now purchased your products several times and find your website easy to navigate and your delivery system to be expeditious. online purchasing has become my primary vehicle for obtaining almost everything and therefore ease of use (i'm always in a hurry) and effective delivery is very important.”november 2009 craig d. “ thank you for your quick response. we love the coffee and have recommended coffee.org. to friends and family.”november 2009 maureen “ i love your site- it is colorful and it is easy to find what i need.”november 2009 barbara l. “ i liked: everything about my order: *the personal telephone call to get my physical address *the fact that someone knew instantly that i had e-mailed that information *the fact that people pick up the phones quite quickly *that someone could tell me the exact date of the fedex delivery i also liked: the cookie i also liked: the sound of everyone's voice down there arkansas way... think of me as happyorder!!!”november 2009 william s. “ excellent customer service: i wanted to thank coffee.org and in particular sammie. i was a little frustrated that the online ordering system wouldn't accept a billing address in alaska even though i was shipping my order to california. on the online chat i talked to sammie who appologized for the inconvience, but due to my location the order would have to be taken via phone. i detest using the phone to conduct business. after several minutes sammie convinced me to go ahead and call in my order. i'm glad i did. sammie is one of the friendliest and helpful customer service reps i have dealt with. she was patient, kind and happy to help. definately a rare find in business today. thank you once again....and whatever you are paying sammie....it isn't enough. :) respectfully, ”november 2009 shannon “ great job to all!!!!!! in a day when far to many companies have long forgotten customer service...y\'all are an example to be followed. fast shipping, excellent products and good varieties, user friendly web site and of course price. keep up the great job!! personal note had a girlfriend in fort smith years ago when i was a otr truck driver..loved the people and the town.”november 2009 randy p. “ sammie (that's my granddaughter's name too)!!! anyway, thank you so much for contacting me and adding some extra's to my order. i really appreciated that. i will be ordering from your company in the future. prices are good. we love our new coffee pot. it's such fun using it. i do need the decaf teas. i would like to buy a variety of them in one box order if you sell them that way. my husband likes his coffee stronger than the ones he has tasted, so it will be nice to see if he likes the bold you are sending. thanks again for introducing yourself. ”november 2009 jane “ thank you so much for always getting my order to me so fast! our patients love having this in our waiting room. i love the little extra you add to each order!”november 2009 cindy “ wow, you guys are awesome, enjoy your product and your service is grand.... however, i was very disappointed in my last order, ordered 4 boxes, and i did not get my cookie,,,,,.. har har the box was too full i know. keep up the good work...”november 2009 dinah w. “ i used your site today for the first time and found it pleasurable in that navigation was simple, coffee details appear to be precise enough to get a good feel for the flavors, check out was simple and i even received customer support on a sunday morning even though you don't have sunday business hours. i think you have a steady customer in me!!”november 2009 gia “ i just received your personal hand written thank you card. very impressed....great customer care & service, will continue to order from you!”november 2009 gena g. “ excellent performance. other variant is possible also ”november 2009 fumwainna “ i just wanted to say how much i like doing business with your company. i order k-cups from you one day and they arrive the next! i am always impressed with this level of customer service each time i order, and i love the personal touch with the cookies. having been involved with customer service for over 35 years, i wanted to take a minute to tell you that i think you do it best! thanks again and keep up the good work!”october 2009 cathy p. “ thank you very much, and i will order again soon , right now we are not sure what type of coffee we like best the last one we ordered was a little strong for us and in the past some have been weak. when we decide i will defiently use your company.thanks,”october 2009 amy “ thank you for the quick service. we will be ordering from you again. sincerely, ”october 2009 jan r. “ ellie, your company is awesome! i can’t believe my order is shipping today. thank you very much, ”october 2009 diane m. “ hello! i ordered from your site for the first time a few months ago. i recently received a hand-written thank you note and i wanted to let you know that it was a very nice touch! that little note ensured i would always order from you! i work in support of the sales team at our small company so i know how important it is to receive positive feedback. we all do so many things to keep our customers and that little touch definitely worked! i look forward to receiving many future coffee orders from you! thanks for your wonderful customer attention!”october 2009 nicole c. “ dear shelly, thank you for shipping my pod order so quickly. i appreciate your personal touch of hospitality. my family will enjoy the sample pods. i will freeze my extra boxes of pods, to help keep their freshness. my high heart rate needs me to drink decaff. your pods are so tasty. i am excited about it. i love the frothy top it has. my husband has his own coffee pot and drinks only regular coffee. picture "his and hers" coffee pots on the kitchen counter. best wishes forever to you, ”october 2009 mary y. “ i received my coffee order today and wanted to drop you a note to say thank you. i will most definitely be placing orders in the future. you have excellent customer service with a fast turn around time. thanks again,., oh by the way.. thanks for the cookies.. ”october 2009 lee g. “ this was my first time ordering anything from your company and would like to say, thank you. i bought these items for my mom and step dad. they received these items within a few days of me ordering it. you provide a great variety of items, good prices, and fast delivery. i was so happy with my first order that i placed another order for my husband. thank you, again”october 2009 beth o. “ i bought my daughter a razorback t shirt from you. was the 1st one you sold i believe. she wore it at my front desk the otehr day and got some good compliments. one lady lives in charlston and we are giving her your contact info. the post casrd reminder happened to come in a week ago so it was frwesh on my mind. i hope she calls you. ”october 2009 paul c. “ thank you for the basket for our bazaar, it is wonderful and it is going on the raffle table, hopefully i will win it. we have lots of people come to this once a year bazaar. will make sure they know it came from miss ellie\'s coffee org. again thanks.”october 2009 ginny “ received my coffee today and am so excited to have found your website, products, and great service. i have typically purchased my k-cups from target and kohl’s, but realized your selling boxes of 24 vs. their 18 is a much better value. i also appreciate the fact that you have a variety of organic offerings. i am looking forward to enjoying this order and many more in the future. thank you! ”october 2009 karen anderson “ thank you! so glad to know that some companies out there have such a attentive & responsive customer service dept. way to go!”october 2009 judy “ sammie, yes, very satisfactory great customer service i will keep ordering from you!!!! thank you, ”october 2009 mary “ i received my order today by fedex overnite. i just wanted to thank sue and everyone else who got my order out. i know my order got lost in ordering, but when i called sue yesterday she had it shipped out overnite. i told her that she didn\'t have to, but she insited. we made the mistake. again thank you for the "great service"”october 2009 doug p. “ i have been ordering coffee from coffee.org for a while now and have always received great service along with quality products. your coffee cake is a must try for anyone. fabulous!”october 2009 monica s. “ shelly, thank you for the wonderful order of k-cups ( order# xxxxxx ). the order arrived very timely and was complete-perfect. i have lot's of good coffee drinking ahead of me and i now know where i will be ordering additional k-cups in the future! also, thank you for the grandma's cookies pack. have a good remaining day,”october 2009 jon “ thankyou for the cookies. what a nice surprise!”october 2009 “ i wanted to let you know that i have received my order. thank you for your assistance in this matter. i am so very appreciative of the type of service you provide your customers. i recently purchased a keurig machine for a friend as a birthday gift. i have also introduced them to the k-cups offered by your company not only that, i told them of my experience with you as a new customer. as a result, you have acquired a new customer who will be ordering products from you. because of your customer service, it pleasures me to introduce my friends and associates to your company. thanks again for going the extra mile for me; it truly makes my shopping experience pleasurable! ”september 2009 cynthia a. “ wow,fast service!!!!!! thanks”september 2009 jan y. “ i recently splurged and purchased a keurig coffeemaker, and then realized that i had to find k-cups. after doing a google search, i came across your web site (thank goodness, i almost ordered k-cups from keurig). ya\'ll are great, and i\'m love with ellie, or at least what i can see of her on the web page.”september 2009 henry a. “ thank you very much sammie; i cannot believe how quickly you responded to my inquiry your customer service is beyond excellent the next time i need k-cups i will definitely be contacting your company ”september 2009 maria p. “ thanks to sammie, we just received another order from miss ellie. the donut shop flavor is the best so far. thanks so much for the speedy service!”september 2009 donna and charlie “ sammie. please leave the decaf as is. no change on it. thank you for answering my e-mail. the service you have is one of the best i have ever dealt with. thank you again ”september 2009 martha. “ thank you so much! i have enjoyed working with your company all the way around. this is my third order! we got a hand-written note after the first one and it was really nice. ”september 2009 donna c. “ thanks for your immediate response. wow! now that's service. i will definitely continue to use your company for all my k cup needs. looking forward to waking to my new flavors and brands. thanks again. with great respect and regards ”september 2009 jacob “ your customer service rocks!! got my coffee before noon today! thanks, ”august 2009 elisabeth k. “ sammie,thank you very much for your timely reply and your kind response. i continue to be extremely impressed with coffee.org. obviously a class operation!! thanks again, ”august 2009 bob s. “ hi sammie, i just wanted you to know that i received the shipment of coffee yesterday evening. i was astonished that the package had arrived! not so long ago, i received your email that you had so graciously packaged this for me. thank you for your sweet spirit, i am sure to enjoy this wonderful flavor and each time i take a sip from the cup, i will be reminded of your concern, your generosity and your desire to assure the company that all of its customers are satisfied. i have thoroughly enjoyed my coffee experience thus far and you can rest assured that i have shared my first encounter with those around me. i look forward to our continued friendship and your outstanding service. have a wonderful day and may god shower you with his blessings.”august 2009 cynthia “ thank you for the coffee. i will defiantly order from you again when i run out. thanks again, ”august 2009 teresa “ i just wanted to say thanks for the complimentary coffee and cake that i received this week. once again, your staff showed me that you are all very thoughtful and care about your customers. i am convinced that you deserve to be my only source of k-cups because of your concern about customer satisfaction. thank you, thank you!”august 2009 joan “ i'm soooooo happy i found your website. i was having trouble finding my favorite coffee (douwe egbert\'s kona blend) and was able to order it from you. i phoned in my order and was pleased to get free shipping for being a first time buyer. my order came quickly,i was happy to receive a complimentary bag of miss ellie\'s coffee(which was very good) and the cookies were a nice touch. you now have a new customer..thank you so much!!!”august 2009 roz a. “ thanks for the cookies, that is a nice touch. have a great weekend.”august 2009 kerry g. “ just wanted to thank you on your prompt shipment of my order. a special thanks to sam your c.s.r. she was great.”august 2009 victor s. “ sammie thank you for the cookie. my package arrived in great shape and quickly. thank you for your note. yes, the package did bring a smile to my face. have a great day.”august 2009 dru m. “ just received your personalized note of thanks for order. thank god someone out there knows how to build a business. keep it up and you\'ll be the next starbucks only better.”july 2009 martin b. “ your customer service is beyond comparison! we will be your customers for years to come! thank you!”july 2009 david “ i have received my order and i would like to thank you for such special attention. prior to my delivery, i had the opportunity to try the butter toffee, unfortuantly, it was not a favorite of mine and i do so wish that i had not ordered it. when i realized that this particular flavor was one that would soon ship to my home, it was too late for me to alter my choice. i did read however, that i could send it back to you and make a different choice but i felt like that would be too much trouble. so, for the time being, i'll have to live with them. all the other choices that i have made are pleasing to my taste, i wish i would have ordered more german chocolate or swiss chocolate almond which seem to be a favorite of my family. thank you again for such a wonderful first experience with your company. i look forward to working with you again!!! i may need to order a k-cup display that can hold more than 24 cups at a time!!!!”july 2009 cynthia “ hi sam: thank you for packing my order. everything was good. got it earlier than i expected which was great, since i was out of coffee. good job. have a nice day! thank you again,”july 2009 betty a. “ i just placed my second order with you. your staff handled the first order in a very timely, courteous and professional manner. the personal touch was very much appreciated. it was, truly, a pleasure doing business with you. my compliments to your staff.”july 2009 conrad b. “ hi....received my first order today from you and i wanted you to know how delighted we were with it. the quick service was great and your coffee is yummy. we will be out of town for a week and then will get back to drinking the good coffee again. thank you so much and i will be ordering again when i get low on this order.”july 2009 dorrie “ "thank you" - sam - customer service rep. you put a smile on my face when i received my order. i appreciate your work to promptly get my order out to me. i went online to see all those smile's on those that work with you. keep up the good work, and i know i will keep on buying more coffee to keep you busy.”july 2009 barbara r. “ sammie, thank you for caring about the quality of your product. the box of hazelnut k-cups will be appreciated and the defect in the cup will not stop me from ordering from you. your coffee does have the flavor that we like and we have not found another coffee that matches that flavor nor the delivery service that we receive from your company. thank you,”july 2009 richard and kathy “ i wanted to express my thank you to bill mcclure he personally contacted me after a problem with my order. thank you bill i really appreciated your concern on the situation.”july 2009 janet r. “ sammie thank you soo much for getting back to me. with that insight, i will definitely be a returning customer. i really appreciate you taking the time to keep me as a customer. you can bet i will be ordering again. thank you so much,”july 2009 michele “ sam is an excellent service rep. someone there went out of their way to make sure i got my tea. thank you, thank you, thank you! excellent product too, i've been "sampling" all day. thanks again, sam. sincerely,”july 2009 becky t. “ thank you for your prompt reply. i hope your boss see's this e-mail and realizes that you are doing a fantastic job. this is the quickest response i have ever gotten and the only one that actually answered my questions and was helpful. thank you again.”july 2009 “ thank you sammie! you were so helpful when you answered my "shipping" question. i was looking for certain flavored coffees and you had them all at the right prices. and thanks for the cookies!”july 2009 sarah “ we just received our coffee and want to thank sammie for the extra special job! it seems that sammie packed the previous order, if memory servies us correctly. and we are glad to see that your web site is back up. we were worried! our next order will be placed before this coffee runs out. thanks so much!”july 2009 donna and charlie “ hey you all did a great job with my coffee! you had just the flavor i was looking for at a pretty good price. thanks again, i look forward to hearing from you all with great specials and new products/flavors. lb packaged my order.”july 2009 alice r. “ thank you...i got the package...dry, safe and delicious....you have been great. when i need more i am ordering from you guys, your great!!!”july 2009 leigh “ sammie, i received my order yesterday. thank you for your attention to this matter. i am very pleased with all aspects of the order. thank you,”july 2009 anthony m. “ expresso great as was the hot chocolate and french v. the emeril bold was, well lets just say it will stay in my cabinet until i serve people i don't like, very bitter and not for me.”july 2009 tony s. “ thank you for your continuous and wonderful product!”july 2009 christine p. “ i ordered some coffee for my girlfriend 19.6 hours ago. the boxes are in my hand and she will be thrilled when she gets home. ehemm...she'll never know about the cookies, will she? :) my first coffee e-order and i won't go any further; you even helped me through the paypal checkout. supah-stars!!”july 2009 ted s. “ sammie, i got my coffee! thanks! it was here so quick that i'm already drinking some!”june 2009 nick “ excellent customer service. unmatched. thank you for a wonderful experience. you go above and beyond, and it is noticed! i will be a returning customer. thank you!”june 2009 shannon d “ i received the shipment of timothy's sugar bush maple today. i am so happy! i have been searching for something to replace green mtn.'s golden french toast since it's no longer available. yesterday, i called to check on the order status and spoke with a really nice young lady who told me that my order should've shipped monday (i hadn't gotten a tracking #). she was so kind and really cared about my order! she even looked into when we got off the phone to find out when it shipped and exactly when i should get the coffee and called me back! ”june 2009 marsha p “ thanks for your help today. i am gentleman from the detroit area that you spoke with today. i ordered the columbian supremo dewey egberts. i'll give it a go. it might be what we had. thanks for your honesty.”june 2009 keith “ just a note to let you know that the coffee arrived and i am enjoying a delicious cup right now. i have to tell you why i ordered from you. i had placed an order a while back but had to cancel it because my daughter did not have one of the coffee makers that used your kind of coffee. however, you still sent e a personalized thank you note for my order. that personal note, written by hand, and sent first class mail sealed it for me -- you are my only coffee company now (i use the k cups). so, tell whoever had the idea for personal thank you notes that it was a great idea and got my business. not that my business is going to keep you in business, but i will be ordering all of my coffee through you.”june 2009 dolores w. “ i am very happy with the service you provide. i am now thinking about joining your coffee club soon!..thanks for the cookies that were included with my order...love my keurig machine and the variety of k-cups available.”june 2009 janet l. “ thank you miss ellie for the good service, oh and the cookies.”june 2009 frank b. “ thank you so much for your quick response. we really appreciate you responding to the issue. we have had nothing but great experiences shopping with your company and once again you continue to make the experience the best that you can. we also appreciate the extra creamers. that is not the reason that i wrote, but we do appreciate your token of kindness. thanks again, ”june 2009 jennifer k. “ wow...i am impressed....you mean i spoke to the brains behind this company. wow....anyway, i bought from your company because you had the best prices on the internet. nice to do business with you. ”june 2009 susan “ sammie, thank you so much. you guys are great and i appreciate your gift and your excellent customer service. forward this to your boss! you deserve a raise. you have my business and i'll share your website with my aunt and my mom. they also have a keurig. take care, a satisfied customer in fort myers, florida.”june 2009 steph “ the keurig coffee maker and variety pack was a hit. it arrived yesterday (6/8) and we installed it this morning (6/9). what really made our experience spectacular, however, was the miss ellie's freshly sliced granny smith apple coffee cake! wow! how can we purchase more of that (i.e., it is so fresh and moist and great tasting that perhaps we cannot even afford it-smile!), and is there a recipe available perhaps? we have already had an absolutely incredible experience, and it is only the first day!”june 2009 mary h. “ thank you for your personalized service! in this day and age....it is very few and far between when you receive such exceptional attention to customer service! i love your website and your products you sell! the coffee is awesome!! thank you for the card you sent in the mail as well. i recommend you to all my "coffeeholic" friends!! ”june 2009 debbie s. “ this is the best service i have ever had! thanks so very much! ”june 2009 peggy “ miss ellie: just wanted to drop you a note to thank you for the excellent service you provided since i became a customer! ”june 2009 ed r. “ i wanted to let you know that i received my coffee yesterday ... it is simply amazing to me how quickly you get these orders filled, shipped and before i know it they are on my front doorstep!!!! ... thank you so much! as long as i need coffee pods, you will be my supplier!!! a satisfied customer! ”june 2009 connie w. “ your company is incredible. what quick service. we love coffee.org. ”june 2009 pat marsh “ you are the hit of our organization. i have referred several employees to your site for orders. we love you!!! ”june 2009 noel p. “ miss ellie: thank you for sending me the cookies with my coffee order. sorry didn't get back to you sooner; had lots to do. god bless you and may your coffee.org really bring you lots of friends.”june 2009 marie “ i was born and raised in fort smith and got my degree from the u of a in fayetteville. it is really nice to see such a professional organization coming from my hometown. your service is first class as is your e-mails and site. good work!”june 2009 bill w. “ i just bought some coconut flavored coffee and it was great. orange coffee is also great. how about some more flavored coffees. love the site and have told many people about it. thanks for offering great coffee at great prices.”june 2009 cheryl “ i wanted to send you a quick note to say how impressed i am with your service. first, my order was shipped to me fast and arrived packaged with care. i always appreciate that from a smaller company. it speaks volumes of your dedication to provide top quality to your customers. however, what impressed me the most was the handwritten thank you note i received a couple weeks after i had gotten my order. what a wonderfully personal and kind touch. you run the type of organization that makes me proud to give my business to. keep up the good work! you have a customer for life. :) sincerely,”may 2009 kristen p “ shelly, my package did bring a smile to my face. i was not expecting a yummy fresh apple cake. and by the way, the cake is wonderful. thank you for a job well done.”may 2009 nancy s “ she sent me a thank-you!! i will never buy from anyone else just because she sent a thank-you! something you just don't see anymore! awesome!”may 2009 tina r “ miss ellie, thank you for the wonderful surprise of a cake and cookie. my co-workers and i will enjoy it with a wonderful cup of coffee. also it was a wonderful surprise to see that your company is in my home town of fort smith, arkansas. as a matter of fact our school is having a class reunion in june and if i am needing more coffee for the church here is it possible to come by and pick some up or is this a web business only? everything was just fine with the order. once again thank you!”may 2009 risa o “ all items arrived intact so thank you for doing such a nice packing job. also, i really appreciate the little extras like the extra coffee sample and of course….the cookies. enjoying them at my desk right now. there’s certainly other places i could go but i won’t. coffee.org is the only place i want to get my keurig orders filled. my best,”may 2009 steve p “ we are new to coffee.org and i must say, it is a pleasure to do business with a company that obviously cares about their customers and their service to the customer! we were thrilled with the prices as well as the speedy delivery! it is so nice to have a company (especially in this day and age) that values its customers. we will happily refer others! thank you”may 2009 pat s “ thanks so much for the speedy delivery of my order of kcups. all was great except the package of gloria jean cocoa cups. one cup was not sealed correctly so there was cocoa powder over everything. it was quite a mess. just thought you'd like to know--thanks again”may 2009 theresa c “ sammie, thank you. i promise to become that 'special customer' because of that 'special customer service'...”may 2009 ruth s “ hi again! i loved my coffee maker so much i convinced my mom she needed one and that the best place to order the coffee from was you! my sister graduated from college friday and my mom and i got her the k cup coffee maker..... guess who she just placed her coffee order with?! you!!! she was so excited that it shipped so quickly! we love you!!! thank you again from all three of us! ”may 2009 nettie “ thanks, shelly. the package did bring a smile to my face! thanks for the cookies.”may 2009 carolyn t “ dear sammie, i must applaud miss ellie's for their most excellent customer service. this is the second order that i have placed and each time i was shocked at how quickly it arrived! you guys are amazing! great prices and fantastic service. it's very rare these days to get good service and when i do i want them to know that they are greatly appreciated. you will have my business for a long time to come and i have recommended you to friends. loved the little note tucked inside. thank you! ”may 2009 rebecca r “ your company has been phenomenal. i worked with ellie extensively on our initial order. all orders will be placed via phone as needed due to our tax exempt status. all of the physicians are trying the different types to determine their favorites. i will place an order the minute we are low. thanks so much for your efforts!!!!”may 2009 noel p. “ you people are great!!!!!! here i order my coffee on the 9th and have it here the 12th. that is fantastic service. i plan on giving a couple keurig's as presents and i will surely recommend your company for ordering refills. thanks again for being so really fast!!!! ”may 2009 bob j “ i just wanted to say thank you for the prompt service with your company. i will definitely be ordering from you again. also, thank you to shelly who packed my order. the cookie was a great touch and indeed brought a smile to my face. thanks again!”may 2009 michelle l. “ we received our latest coffee delivery along with the thank you note and all. my wife and are very happy with not only the product but the friendly service and prompt delivery we've been receiving. it is always a pleasure doing business with a first class company.”may 2009 richard k “ just a note to let you know that i love the personal service that you grant. i even received a hand written note thanking me for my business. very good business practice. i've shopped a couple times with you and then tried another online site. the bottom line is that money is a factor. however; that nice simple little note made the difference. thank you.”may 2009 vinna d “ hi shelly and team at coffee.org, i not only got great service from you and fedx but i got yummy cookies too. thank you for the very prompt service and the treat. i will be using your service over and over again and i've already started telling my friends about you. sincerely happy,”may 2009 diana h “ i wanted to let you know that i received my order very quickly and in excellent condition. thank-you so much for offering reasonable shipping rates to alaska. many companies insist on using ups or fedex and their rates are really high to alaska, so it is great to find someone willing to ship usps as they have more reasonable rates. thanks again,”may 2009 susan d “ shelly, csr we lewins received our order today and want to thank you and miss ellie (whom we think took our order in the first place.) your company displays an outstanding and rare commitment towards customer service satisfaction and i want to tell you that it was a real pleasure to place our order with you. we look forward to using your company in the future. sincerely,”may 2009 fred l “ ms. ellie. i recieved your thank you note today. i thank you very much. it is so nice to find someone so thoughtfull with customers. i wish to thank you for such wonderful service.”may 2009 martha p “ wow your awsome miss ellie what an awsome lady you are as well as your staff.. we received our order and cake and it is just wonderful.. i brag on you and your site everywhere we go and recommend you to everyone ..hope you get lots of business from them .. our new order is on the way.. hugs to a very special lady and staff.. thank you for being you ”may 2009 teresa and dennis “ miss ellies coffee cake is one of the best we have ever had. ellie must be a great cook. thanks for the quick shipping.”may 2009 ron w “ we think the coffee is very tastey, thanks for the great service”may 2009 joanne c “ i received my coffee package yesterday and was pleasantly surprised by the cookies. thanks for the special touch.”may 2009 carolyn “ i have 2 keurig coffeemakers (one for work and one for home). i like the variety pack price; however, am not a tea drinker. it would be great to be able to order just coffee variety packs. keep up the great work and thanks! ”may 2009 terrie z “ hi miss sammie, thank you for the email and handling this. i bought my machine on craigslist and have only ever bought my k-cups from your website. i am very happy with the ease of use and now the quickness of handling this small issue. thanks again and i continue to be a very happy customer,”may 2009 susan h “ i just received my order (#*****). we are always so excited when the new order comes in so we can try the yummy beverages you have to offer. i just wanted to let you know 2 of the boxes (chai tea k-cups) were kind of “smooshed” but the products were unaffected. i don’t want to complain because we are very pleased with your products but your little note in the box suggested i should let you know of any damage so i just wanted to let you know about those 2 boxes. keep up the good work! j sincerely, a very happy customer….”may 2009 kimberly h “ you web site was very easy to use. thank you”april 2009 “ miss ellie's k-cups are the best price on the internet! they are shipped fast, and sometimes she even includes a little free item for shopping. once you sign up to order with them watch for monthly specials, and weekly discounts on all assorted k-cups. thanks for making it easy to shop for the best coffee in the world, miss ellie!!”april 2009 “ loving the coffee and appreciate your terrific service. it's a pleasure doing business with you.”april 2009 nancy “ miss ellie, i received my senseo variety pack in the mail and i'm delighted! i will definitely be back to your site for future orders. you have such a sweet soul and i wish you continued success in all your endeavors. all good things, ”april 2009 maleah j “ yesterday we placed an order and less then 24 hours later.. it has arrived. your sales man/woman went way out of thier way to make us happy. as fist time customers to your buisness.. kurt was very happy.. he is thrilled and you will have a long term customer for your efforts.. thank you so much. ”april 2009 jauson k “ miss ellie, i placed my order on sunday, the 19th of this month and received it yesterday afternoon. thanks for the excellent service. we will be ordering from you company from now on. sincerely, ”april 2009 jim and sally p. “ hi! i just want someone to know that sammy is a wonderful asset to your company. i was having trouble ordering on your web site and i called and was lucky to reach sammy who went out of her way to help me with my order. she is a doll and you guys are lucky to have her. ”april 2009 charlene m “ wow! i ordered 8 boxes & had my items 3 days later, then after that i put in another order for 6 more boxes, now i have my mom hooked and she will be putting an order in soon! my kids love the tea and hot cocoa & they can do it themselves! emmie & ellie are the best! tommy's itilian blend is the best flavor, we did a family taste test & that one wins! although they are all really good! thank you!”april 2009 nettie “ wooh! i ordered just this am & you've already shipped! thank you! ”april 2009 mary r “ just received my four boxes of colombian la vereda k-cup coffee this morning, tried it and it was wonderful! best cup of coffee i have had in a very long time. i am impressed with your product, your prompt delivery and the lovely lady on your stationary. i will be back. thank you,”april 2009 george b “ please list all the different varieties of coffee that come in each variety pack. it would be nice to know what you are getting if you are a first time buyer. also customers should be able to pick different varieties to a case, instead of a case having just one type of k-cup.”april 2009 “ fast at delivery and your prices including shipping were very acceptable. thank you”april 2009 su “ we would just like to say that it is an absolute pleasure doing business with miss ellie, the price, the coffee and the outstanding customer service is heartwarming! thank you!”april 2009 sharon and jim g “ i for got to put the sp45 code on my order after looking for 30 minutes trying to find the place for the 10 percent discount. you all have been so good on my other orders so i expect you will take care of me on this one. thanks so much for taking care of me...”april 2009 dean “ wonderful. this was my first experience with this store and i plan on purchasing additional coffee supplies from this source in the future. timely delivery, accurate and priced competitively. ”april 2009 stephen w “ when running low on decaf, will surely reorder from this company. very swift and reliable. ”april 2009 “ thanks for correcting the address and sending out so fast. we received today and i am now enjoying my first cup of sumatra! sincerely ”april 2009 bruce “ just wanted to let you know....i love your prices....the last order the green is great....the winter carnival was okay...a bit milder than i expected. i would love to know what item has the same aroma and flavor of timothy columbian decaf but has the kick (caffeine). thanks ”april 2009 cheryl “ wow! i really only expected you to replace the four empty pods. how very generous of you! have just given your web sight to my daughter-in-law to whom i have given a new keurig for her birthday. ”april 2009 cheryl a “ ellie, thank you so much for your personal note. it’s not a problem. i am very happy to do business with your company since i now know you are located in ft. smith. we live way up here in maine now, but my husband’s family is in huntsville, ar and my parents live in little rock where i was born. i went to the u of a and have lots of extended family in eastern ok. i am very familiar with ft. smith! i will be placing an order with you again soon for myself and for my parents in little rock (mother’s day). those keurig coffee makers were a big hit with our family this past christmas and your tea and coffee selections makes family gift choosing much easier for me. many thanks for your follow up and great service!”april 2009 kim e “ thank you. i love love love. your coffee!”april 2009 albert p “ this will be my second order. i was so impressed with my first. quick, efficient, pleasant--what more could i ask? ”april 2009 cheryl a “ today i took time out to call your office so that i could commend ellie for a great first time experience with coffee.org. i was completely surprised that i placed my order april 2 (p.m.) and the order arrived april 3 (first thing this morning). not only was i shocked but pleasantly pleased that the coffee i ordered tasted wonderful. i'll definitely be a repeat customer. thanks! i will tell all my friends to not only buy a kuerig machine but to also get the k cups from coffee.org. have a great wknd and keep up the wonderful customer service. ”april 2009 julia h “ dear ellie, thank you so much for caring, i really appreciate the personal service and of course the credit. i intend to stay a customer, because you sell k-cups at the absolute best price, and we really can't afford to buy it some places. most of all because of your phone call and wonderful customer service. thanks so much,”april 2009 sharon “ dear ellie, thank you so much for caring, i really appreciate the personal service and of course the credit. i intend to stay a customer, because you sell k-cups at the absolute best price, and we really can't afford to buy it some places. most of all because of your phone call and wonderful customer service. thanks so much,”april 2009 sharon “ good day !! hoping all is well with you ..... well ellie makes some coffee cake!! and the coffee was so much appreciated. please, at your earliest convenience send me your order list, catalog. i would love to know what else ellie cooks up, and what brands of k cups you offer. as i sure you are aware ----- you will be our "one and only" - your customer service is impeccable. you have gone above and beyond - what a welcome change from other businesses today!! thank you so very much for your kindness. i have quite a few friends with keurig coffee makers - they order k cups on line every month - i will send them a copy of whatever info you send me. stay happy and healthy !! warm regards,”march 2009 joanne r “ i received my coffee last week. perfect! thank you very much for such excellent service and quick shipping. thank you ”march 2009 sharon d “ i found your web site by accident. my wife took over and we both were just so excited to be able to get such a good variety of coffee. we ordered 7 boxes of k-cups in different flavors & two additional boxes of variety flavors.this will give us a chance to try different kinds before we buy them. excellent coffee,clear instructions--good information, fast service,& arrived in good shape. thank you for such a good online shopping experience. we definitely will order more--looking forward to checking out the teas & bakery also. thanks you”march 2009 james e “ thanks for the fast shipment. it's a pleasure doing business with you. again thank you! vella have a great day! ”march 2009 vj “ hi bill, thank you for the wonderful coffee and cake. my wife, diane, and i simply love it. i will definitely put coffee.org at the top of my list for mail orders. i hope your business is wonderful! thank you again. best regards, ”march 2009 bruce t “ great service and fantastic coffee....will continue to purchase from you....thanks”march 2009 richard w “ the lemon blueberry passsion decaf tea is absolutely delicious. full bodied and yummy. i also purchased the french vanilla decaf coffee. it was also very good. thank you”march 2009 susan s “ just wanted to let you know... that was the best coffee cake i ever had - ever.. thanks again bill - good luck to your daughters company and your other ventures:) ”march 2009 david v “ hi, i just received my first coffee order from you, and it was fine. because the staff i spoke to when placing my order over the phone was so pleasant, i thought i would like to say so. your making the order postage free made you competitive and i will reorder in the future if i can. thank you ”march 2009 edward p “ hello, miss ellie. i ordered 4 boxes of k-cups from you last thursday and received my order on the next day. thank you so much. i ordered for the ladies in my office. i spoke with you on friday to let you know that the variety packs-mild that we ordered contained several k-cups dark roast. you apologized and ask that i give you another flavor choice so that you could send us a free box. the staff would like for you to send us the caramel vanilla nut. thank you so much.”march 2009 marilyn s “ received my order today 17 march, ordered on 12 march, reasonable time for delivery. packaging ok items in good shape, no damage. thank you.”march 2009 rocco p “ ellie: you've made my day today! thanks much - and i'm sure i will indeed order from you again in the future.”march 2009 paulette w “ hello! just wanted to say that i love your prices and i really appreciate the super fast delivery. your in my favorites and i tell all my friends about your website. thanks so much! have a wonderful day! ”march 2009 corine p “ miss ellie: i just placed a order with you yesterday 3-11-09 at about 1:30 pm and you said that i would receive my order 3-13 or 3-16. i'm happy to say that my order was rec'd today at 12:00 pm. i'm very impressed with your service and i just wanted to e-mail you to say thank you very much. sincerely ”march 2009 paula c “ so glad i found miss ellie's coffee ... more coffee for less money ... shipped quickly and right to my door! and in just a few days ... thank you sooo much!”march 2009 connie w “ dear emmie, thank you so much for trying to locate the k-cups. i appreciate your wonderful response. that fair trade raspberry rhapsody was our favorite k-cup coffee flavor. i can't imagine why it is no longer available. again, thanks for taking the time to send such a nice response. enjoy your day!”march 2009 maralah r “ great service and fantastic coffee....will continue to purchase from you....thanks ”march 2009 richard w “ alex, thanks for your rapid response, and thanks for taking care of this matter. we hope to enjoy a long customer relationship with coffee .org as we really love your products. this is our first internet order with your company and hope to do many more. thanks again for your help. ”march 2009 patrick g “ dear ellie, we love you guys and will be back the instant our supplies run low again. thank you for the excellent service and thoughtful follow up! best,”march 2009 michael c “ i love your coffee,much better than green mountain coffee. i will be your customer from now on. ”march 2009 sam “ thanks lavonda, i'll certainly be back be back because of your excellent customer service.”march 2009 darlene “ i wanted to say thank you i love your coffee. i also love my new coffee mug that you sent me with my last order so now i'm ordering again. thanks again. ”march 2009 shirley “ i am so pleased with the service, fast shipping, great product line and fantastic prices... i will be a steady customer!”march 2009 sandra s. “ hi ellie, thank you for following up. yes we have some cranky staff members without their coffee. thank you for your offer of the free coffee. we will certainly use your company again since you have excellent customer service.”february 2009 lisa z. “ i wanted to thank you for your fast service and good prices. although i didn't love the taste of the irish cream and caramel nut,i loved the hazelnut and green tea. i will be sure to order flavors i know i like in the future. thanks . ”february 2009 lynne c. “ ellie, thanks so much for your quick and wonderful service!!! ”february 2009 barbara t. “ i recently called about my order and i was extremely surprised when a real person answered the phone! i thought this was fabulous! especially now a days when everything is computerized. i plan to use you as my primary coffee/tea supplier from now on. thanks very much!”february 2009 brandi “ i just wanted to drop you a line and tell you how pleased i am with your timothy's private blend coffee. i have been drinking coffee for over 50 years and can honestly say this is most aromatic and best flavored coffee i have ever had. your prices are terrific and delivery time is superior to any others i have ordered from. thank you! i will pass the word. keep up the good work. ”february 2009 virgil k. “ wow, outstanding service. ”february 2009 carl m. sign up for email savings bookmark coffee.org | site feedback coffee | about us | contact us | privacy | terms of use | shipping informationfax order | site map | miss ellie story | testimonials | government | credit application | catalog