来源URL: https://web.archive.org/web/20201228233758/https://coffee.org/blogs/news
================================================================================

coffee, coffee, coffee happy thanksgiving sign in/sign up contact us my cart 800.344.2739 my account welcome to coffee.org! login create account 0 coffee fresh roasted coffee single cups (keurig) portion (pillow) packs filter pack coffee concentrated coffee and tea coffee subscriptions tea b.w. cooper's concentrated tea paradise tea teas and drinks loose leaf tea condiments creamer sugar coffee-mate perfect servings condiments gear women's gear men's gear youth gear mugs hoodies coffee cakes 0 shopping cart your cart is currently empty. continue shopping my account welcome to coffee.org! login create account home coffee, coffee, coffee coffee, coffee, coffee rss coffee pod perks for the office | office coffee perks 0 coffee pod perks for the office are a win-win situation. single serve coffee makers guarantee fresh coffee for employees and clients along with a variety of beverage choices. the business wins by saving man-hours that would normally be spent running to the coffee shop and by creating loyalty in the company by making employees feel they are care for by their bosses. coffee pod perks for the office coffee service might not seem like something that would be high on an employee wish list. read more nov 26, 2020 jammie mcclure coffee and its effects on health 0 coffee and its effects on health have been and continue to be researched for both positive and negative reactions in the body. it seems that no absolute conclusion that coffee will not shorten life nor is there enough evidence in to show that it will lengthen life either. in the end, coffee drinkers should practice moderation and follow their doctor's advice. read more nov 25, 2020 jammie mcclure how to choose the right office coffee machine 0 choosing an office coffee machine is an important task that benefits employees and clients who visit the office. a top quality machine should last for many years with a warranty and maintenance option in the event repairs are needed. there are many types of office coffee machines to choose from and each should be considered and researched before making a final decision. read more nov 24, 2020 jammie mcclure choosing a keurig brewer model | what keurig to choose 0 choosing a keurig brewer model is the final step in owning one of the best single serve coffee makers on the market. options include various water reservoir sizes and brewing sizes along with programmable options like temperature and automatic on and off times. choosing a keurig brewer model is most likely the hardest decision once the keurig brand has been decided as the choice for a single-serve coffee maker. what might be the best keurig model for one may not be the best keurig model for the other. many people have moved to single-serve coffee makers for the convenience factor. there is no wasted coffee to pour down the drain and the coffee is always fresh and piping hot when served. however, there are many different keurig models and choosing one is easier if the differences are understood. the following descriptions should be helpful when choosing the best keurig model for yourself or your office. the best keurig models feature auto off and use the k-cup coffee unit. mini plus is a personal brewer that is ideal for dorms, apartments and travelling. it brews a cup of coffee in under two minutes. it holds only enough water for one cup of coffee and also features cord storage to keep the cord out of the way when stored. the elite automatic model is a home brewer that holds six cups of water and features an eight and ten ounce cup brew setting. it brews coffee in under a minute and features quiet brew technology and a 48 oz. water reservoir. the office pro model is always ready to brew and makes a cup of coffee in less than one minute. it has a 48 oz. drainable water reservoir and drainable hot water tank with three brewing sizes: six, eight and ten ounces. the special edition programmable keurig brewer model is the same as the office pro model with the addition of quiet brew technology, automatic on and off, an adjustable temperature program and digital clock. the select fully programmable model feature four brew sizes, four, six, eight and ten ounces with a 60 oz. water reservoir. this model can be set to a favorite brew size rather than having to select one each time. it also includes a digital clock, automatic on and off and quiet brew technology. read more nov 23, 2020 jammie mcclure buying the perfect coffee gift | where to buy coffee gift 0 buying the perfect gift basket is simple as long as the giver knows a little bit about the recipient's tastes in coffee. some people are willing to try new tastes while others prefer to stick to what they know. these gift baskets can be put together from home or ordered from miss ellie's or buy gifts.org. buying the perfect coffee gift involves having some inside information about the recipient's likes and dislikes. read more nov 22, 2020 jammie mcclure advantages of a coffee club subscription | coffee club benefits 0 advantages of a coffee club subscription -the advantages of a coffee club subscription are many, including regular coffee deliveries and the opportunity to try a wide variety of coffees that might not otherwise be available in local markets. coffee club subscriptions are available online through many coffee retailers and specialty coffee websites such as www.coffee.org. read more nov 21, 2020 jammie mcclure which coffee maker is right for you 0 which coffee maker is right for you? it depends. figuring out which coffee maker is right for you depends on a few variables; the type of coffee you enjoy, how many cups you like to have and how much you want to be involved in the brewing process. if you just like a cup of coffee now and then, then deciding which coffee maker is right for you may be easy. single cup brewers that use pods are popular right now. pop in a pod, add water to the tank and put your coffee cup underneath the spigot. read more nov 20, 2020 jammie mcclure vacuum coffee makers 0 vacuum coffee makers aren't some new gadget, half coffee maker, half vacuum cleaner. actually, vacuum coffee makers have been around for some time, reaching their peak of popularity before the 1960s, when percolators, and later drip coffee makers seized most of the market share. but vacuum coffee makers are still around and with good reason. thought the concept of vacuum coffee makers is more than 150 years old, they still make what could be the best cup of coffee and are highly prized by the self-described coffee aficionados of the world. in fact, some of the elite cuppers (re: coffee tasters) swear by vacuum coffee makers, saying they are their favorite way to make coffee. read more nov 19, 2020 jammie mcclure jamaican blue mountain coffee 0 very steep gradient and high rainfall yields a very rich, well drained soil perfect for the coffee trees at very high altitudes blue mountain coffee beans are reputed worldwide for their smoothness, unique flavor, and lack of bitterness. they have become on of the most expensive and world-renowned coffees.\n \n\n many individual farmers in the blue mountains grow and hand-process their own coffee crops and sell directly to distributors and individuals. "we serve a smile with every sip!"™ blue mountain coffee is one of the rarities in the coffee world, flavorful, rich, deep and silky smooth from first sip to last. small wonder why blue mountain coffee is one of the true wonders of the coffee world. if you are looking to enjoy some blue mountain coffee, know that it isn't cheap. part of the reason is that the japanese discovered this delightful brew long ago, accounting for 80% of all the coffee grown there. by comparison, the u.s. is the second largest importer at 8%. read more nov 18, 2020 jammie mcclure the lore of turkish coffee 0 turkish coffee has been a part of life in turkish society since the mid-16th century when the first coffee houses opened in constantinople. legend has it that a man named hakam and another named sems each opened a large coffee shop there, serving up the first turkish coffee. since then, turkish coffee has become such a part of the culture that the very word for breakfast, kahvalti, means "before coffee". \n\n turkish coffee is prepared in a narrow topped boiling pot called a kanaka. put simply, the beans are very finely ground before being placed in the turkish coffee pot, then boiled to perfection. any beans can be used to make turkish coffee, it is not a type of bean or roast, but rather a preparation. turkish coffee isn't even limited to turkey, it can be found throughout the middle east, northern africa and the balkans. traditionally, the coffee beans are ground in a mortar as most coffee mills can't grind the coffee fine enough. only a turkish hand grinder or a mortar and pestle can do the trick. ideally, the beans are freshly roasted just before they are ground for maximum flavor. the water for turkish coffee isn't really boiled in the traditional sense. instead, it is placed over low heat and the long cooking process brings out the flavor of the coffee.\n\n once it begins to boil, the coffee is at its ideal temperature and ready to drink. in turkish coffee the sugar is added to the coffee before it is placed in the water. there are four levels of sweetness: sade, az sekerli, orta sekerli and cok serkerli - a range from no sugar at all to a lot of sugar. while the coffee cooks, it isn't stirred, so as not to disturb the characteristic foam that develops. this is the art of turkish coffee - to get the thickest foam possible. that's one reason why turkish coffee is such an art. as the coffee is poured from the pot, it is done so slowly and meticulously, so the foam continues to pour out at a steady rate. since it's nearly impossible to get the same amount of foam in every cup, the cup that has the most foam is the most highly prized. \n\n turkish coffee is traditionally served with turkish delight and chocolate sticks. for added enjoyment, some people like to use the leftover grounds for tasseography, where your fortune is told. but we'll save that for the future. turkish coffee is a real delight, rich in flavor and tradition. any coffee can be turkish coffee because it's the process of making it that makes turkish coffee the delicious tradition it is. read more nov 17, 2020 jammie mcclure the coffee song by frank sinatra 0 the coffee song isn't one of frank sinatra's biggest hits by any stretch, but the catchy tune holds up well, even today. one reason is the fact that frank sinatra was the one who opted to record the coffee song in the first place. but there's more to the coffee song than ol' blue eyes and the music. recorded by frank in 1946, the coffee song captured a post-war era when the rest of the world didn't seem so far away anymore. read more nov 16, 2020 jammie mcclure stove top coffee 0 stove top coffee used to be the only game in town. long before electricity made it into homes, if you wanted a good cup of coffee you had to fire up the stove, put on a pot and wait and wait for the stove top coffee to boil. in a world of automatic drip coffee makers, it's hard to imagine wanting to still make stove top coffee, except when you're off in the backwoods camping and stove top coffee is the only game in town. so why is stove top coffee still popular? one reason is the flavor, stove top coffee has a more intense flavor profile than coffee from an automatic coffee maker. all stove top coffee makers are essentially the same. a lower container holds the water, a funnel with a long stem holds the coffee grounds and a small carafe on the top holds all the freshly brewed coffee. brewing coffee in a stove top coffee maker is a cinch. after taking off the top carafe and removing the funnel, fill the lower chamber with fresh, cold water. you don't want to overfill the container, or else the coffee may boil over. now, fill the funnel with the desired amount of coffee, one tablespoon for every eight ounces of water should do the trick. then screw the top carafe back on and you're all set to put add some heat to the stove top coffee maker. as the water starts to boil, steam will heat up inside the lower chamber. this will force water up the funnel and into the carafe. once it starts to make some gurgling noises, the lower chamber is empty and the stove top coffee is ready for you to enjoy. take the stove top coffee pot off the stove so the residual heat doesn't continue to overcook your coffee. remove the carafe and serve immediately. as with any coffee maker, you want to make sure that your stove top coffee maker is always spotless. use mildly soapy water after each use and make sure the safety valve isn't clogged. this is the release valve in case you accidentally add too much water. stove top coffee is just as good as any coffee made in an automatic drip coffee maker or even a french press. some people even say it's better, because the flavor of the beans is more intense. that said, you do want to make sure you don't burn the coffee, which is easy to do if you don't remove it right after the gurgling sound signifies that the lower chamber is empty. if you need to keep your stove top coffee hot, transfer it to a thermal carafe instead. read more nov 15, 2020 jammie mcclure previous 1 2 3 … 21 next recent posts coffee pod perks for the office | office coffee perks nov 26, 2020 coffee and its effects on health nov 25, 2020 how to choose the right office coffee machine nov 24, 2020 choosing a keurig brewer model | what keurig to choose nov 23, 2020 buying the perfect coffee gift | where to buy coffee gift nov 22, 2020 advantages of a coffee club subscription | coffee club benefits nov 21, 2020 categories cappuccino coffee coffee subscriptions cowboy coffee espresso fresh coffee fun facts k-cups keurig coffee makers latte life after coffee t shirt organic organic coffee roasted coffee t-shirts tasting tea turkish coffee coffee coffee cakes customer service contact us about us shipping and returns terms of service privacy policy keep in touch sign up for our newsletter and be the first to know about coupons and special promotions. popular pages articles government supplier wholesale coffee fundraising ideas rewards news blogs copyright to 1997 - 2020 (coffee.org). keurig® and k-cup® are registered trademarks of keurig inc., a wholly owned subsidiary of green mountain coffee roasters, inc. our brands are not affiliated with green mountain coffee roasters inc., or keurig inc.