来源URL: https://web.archive.org/web/20091225111138/http://www.batteries.com/_/N-/Ntt-FAQ/Ntk-All
================================================================================

notebook batteries | laptop batteries | camcorder batteries | digital camera batteries featured item energizer er-d150 canon nb-4l lithium ion digital camera battery $57.95 $39.97 customer care corporate accounts clearance company info contact us company information what do i need to know about batteries.com? batteries.com, inc is a leading online battery superstore: a complete store and information site for batteries, electronics, flashlights and other mobile products. we designed batteries.com to provide a convenient, private, and informative shopping experience that encourages consumers to purchase products essential to their mobile lifestyle. since opening for business in september of 1999, we have continued to strive towards providing the ultimate battery source. batteries.com offers thousands of brand-name products, a larger selection of products that a typical store-based retailer, at competitive prices. our customers can review in-depth product information, interact with customer service representatives by phone or email, and order products for delivery right to the home. we are open to shoppers 24 hours a day, seven days a week. we believe that batteries.com provides its customers with a superior shopping experience, making buying batteries less of a chore. batteries.com's objective is to become one of the world's leading retailer of batteries and related mobile electronic accessories. key elements of our strategy include strengthening the batteries.com brand, continuously improving our web store, taking advantage of repeat purchasing patterns, maintaining our technology focus and expertise, ensuring quick and efficient distribution and enhancing and forming key relationships. for more information, please contact our public relations department at: batteries.com 111 congressional way suite 250 carmel, in 46032 888-288-6500 pr@batteries.com customer service when are customer service representatives available? our customer service representatives are available: monday — friday — 8 a.m. to 6 p.m. eastern time how do i contact batteries.com? there are three ways to reach batteries.com: * via the internet at www.batteries.com * via the phone at 888—288—6500 * via the united states postal service at batteries.com 111 congressional way suite 250 carmel, in 46032 is my product guaranteed? at batteries.com our return policy is simple. if for any reason you are not satisfied with your purchase, you may return most items within 45 days of purchase for full refund of the purchase price and sales tax if applicable, minus the shipping charges. if the return is a result of our error then we will pay for all shipping costs incurred. returns for replacement more than 45 days beyond date of purchase will be handled by manufacturer warranty if applicable and will incur a $5.45 handling fee (inclusive of shipping). there are no refunds for products returned after 45 days from purchase. call our customer service department at 1-888-288-6500 to obtain a return merchandise authorization (rma) number. customer service department hours are 8am - 6pm eastern time. batteries.com is not responsible for product returned without rma. click here to read our full return policy shipping and handling how quickly will i get my order? orders placed sunday through thursday are processed within 24 hours of receipt. orders placed after 1:30 pm est on friday through saturday are processed first thing monday morning. if you have any further questions please contact info@batteries.com. what happens when an item is back-ordered? all of the items that you see at batteries.com are stocked in our warehouse. when you submit your order, we send a confirmation email. occasionally, a product will be back-ordered and not available for immediate shipping. if one or more of the items you have ordered is back-ordered, we will send you the available items and keep the remaining order at a "back-order" status. occasionally, you will receive multiple shipments within one order. where are my items being shipped from? our products are shipped from our main warehouse facilities located in indianapolis, indiana. can you send orders to other countries? we ship to the united states, canada, and mexico. how do i check current and past orders? you can check the status of your account at any time by clicking on "my account." security are credit card transactions safe? we guarantee that every transaction you make at batteries.com will be 100 safe. under the fair credit billing act, you cannot be held liable for more than $50.00 of fraudulent charges. in the event of an unauthorized use of your credit card, you must notify your credit card provider in accordance with its reporting rules and procedures.			if you are unable to use a secure server connection while visiting batteries.com, you can choose to give us your credit card number by phone, rather than via our website. to do this, please call 888-288-6500. how do you protect my order? secure sockets layer (ssl) is the protocol we offer for safely transferring sensitive information over the website. when you connect to batteries.com using the secure site, all sensitive information, including your credit card number, is encrypted so that the only people who can read your number are you and the batteries.com representative you are contacting. to provide you with an additional layer of security, all credit card numbers are stored in a computer that is not connected to the internet. when you type or call in your credit card information, the complete credit card number is transferred to this secure connection across a proprietary one-way interface. this computer is not accessible by network modem, and credit card information is not stored anywhere else. once your order is complete, we remove your credit card information from our computer for your privacy. this information is kept in a secure environment, behind a locked cage. only employees who need the information to perform a specific job (i.e. billing or customer service) are granted access to personally identifiable information. our employees must use password-protected screen savers when they leave their desk. when they return, they must re-enter their password to regain access to your information. furthermore, all employees are kept up-to-date on our security and privacy practices. every quarter, as well as each time new policies are added, our employees are notified and/or reminded about the importance we place on privacy. what do you do with my information once you have it? batteries.com is the sole owner of the information collected on this site. we will not sell or rent this information to others in ways different from what is disclosed in this statement. batteries.com collects information from users at several different points on our website. setting up an account with batteries.com includes completing the registration form. during registration, a user is required to give their contact information (name and email address). we use your email address to uniquely identify you. we use customer contact information from the account form to send your information about our company and to inform you of sales and special offers. your contact information is also used to contact you if we should have any questions regarding your orders, or to notify of the status of your order. if you do not want to receive email from us, please use the opt-out option below. what are cookies? cookies are a mechanism to remember information about a visitor from one page to another. web browsers store cookies so that the browser itself can remember information and, upon request, pass that information to our server at one time. we use cookies to remember your name and the contents of your shopping cart. this allows you to leave our site, come back later, and still have the contents of your shopping cart intact. it also lets us personalize your experience at batteries.com, tailoring the content to your interests. how do i choose not to receive additional information from batteries.com? our users are given the opportunity to "opt-out" of having their information used for purposes not directly related to the site of purchase. for example, our order form allows users to purchase a product from us, but remove their email from our list so that they do not receive marketing materials. users of our site are always notified when their information is being collected by outside parties. we do this so our users can make an informed choice as to when they should proceed with services that require an outside party. pricing which credit cards do you accept? we accept visa, mastercard, discover, and american express. when will my credit card be charged? your credit card will be charged when your order has been shipped from our warehouse. if one or more items are back-ordered, you will only be charged for the items that have been shipped. the remainder will be charged when the back-orders are filled. shipping charges will only be applied once. does batteries.com charge sales tax? batteries.com charges sales tax on all orders shipped to the state of indiana. am i getting a competitive price from batteries.com? “is this a competitive price?” that's a question you may be asking when you shop with us. we're pleased to say the answer is: “yes, our prices are extremely competitive.” how do we know? we check. in fact, we're continually monitoring the prices of our competitors at national battery stores. we're committed to giving you value, and our prices are, on average, lower than those of the national chains. we understand that there's more to creating value than just price. we invite you to compare our competitors on price, convenience, and product selection. when you do, we think you'll agree that batteries.com offers a better way to shop. and, some pretty great prices too. do you offer volume discounts? batteries.com offers special pricing to our customers purchasing products in volume. to establish a volume pricing account, or to inquire about our corporate accounts program, please contact sales@batteries.com. battery questions what's the deal with each type of rechargeable battery? nickel cadmium is the most popular type of rechargeable battery, although it tends to suffer from “memory effect” (see below). it has a high rate of energy discharge, meaning that it is low maintenance with high performance. nickel cadmium can deliver even power until nearly all of the battery has been used. nickel metal hydride is the most advanced commercial rechargeable battery. nickel metal hydride batteries last 40% longer than nickel cadmium batteries. this battery is generally much more environmentally friendly than nickel cadmium, as well. lithium ion batteries do not suffer from the “memory effect” at all (see below). these batteries have twice the energy of nickel metal hydride, although they weigh 33% less. this is especially nice for portable items, such as laptops and camcorders. it seems like my battery isn't giving me as much power as it did in the past. why? your battery is suffering from a battery phenomenon called “memory effect.” basically, this means that if a battery is repeatedly only partially discharged before recharging, the battery will “forget” that it can further discharge. the best way to prevent this situation is to fully charge and discharge your battery on a regular basis. i just received my new battery — why isn't it working? don't worry. there is nothing wrong with your battery. your battery will arrive to you in a discharged condition. therefore, it must be charged in order for it to work. we recommend that new batteries should be charged and discharged two to four times in order to allow them to reach their capacity. what can i do to make my battery last longer? there are several things that you can do to ensure the maximum production from your battery: never leave your battery in its charger for more than 24 hours. doing so will shorten the life of your battery. break in your new batteries. the best way to do this is by fully charging and discharging your new battery several times in order to reach its maximum capacity. keep your batteries clean. clean dirty batteries with a cotton swab and alcohol. a clean battery will ensure a good connection between your battery and its device. do not leave your battery dormant. generally, a battery should be used every two to three weeks. how long should my battery last? under normal conditions, the life of a rechargeable battery is anywhere from 500 to 800 charge-discharge cycles (up to three years). a decrease in the battery's running time is the best indication that it is time for a new battery. what is the best way for me to store my batteries? batteries should never be left in direct sunlight or in extreme temperatures (below 30 degrees fahrenheit or above 100 degrees fahrenheit). they should always be stored in a cool and dry place and should be fully charged before being stored for long periods of time. my charger shows that my battery is fully charged, but it is not working why? this is known as “false peak” and is very common condition during first time battery use (or using a battery that has been discharged for several months). the charger light may go out after only five or ten minutes, indicating that it is fully charged when it is not. should this happen, simply leave the battery on the charger for about an hour. remove it, and return it to the charger immediately. the battery will resume normal charging and the charger light will indicate when the batter is ready for use. will my cellular phone or camcorder work if i use a battery brand that is different than the brand of my device? due to technological advancements, replacement batters or “after market” batteries will often last longer than the original equipment manufacturer (oem) batteries that cam with your device i heard that i should recycle my batteries. where do i go? nickel cadmium, nickel metal hydride, and lithium ion batteries should all be recycled. for more information on recycling your batteries, please call battery solutions, inc. at (734) 467-9110 or via email at csova@batteryrecycling.com. recycling learn more contact us learn more glossary learn more partnerships sitemap | contact us | help | battery glossary | shipping guidelines | privacy policy copyright 1999-2009 batteries.com. inc. all rights reserved.