来源URL: https://web.archive.org/web/20120915031152/http://www.batteries.com/_/N-/Ntt-Privacy+Policy/Ntk-All
================================================================================

notebook batteries | laptop batteries | camcorder batteries | digital camera batteries shop all batteries shop all electronics battery chargers battery finder portable power clearance resources register  | sign in  | order status  | cart: 0 item(s)subtotal:$0.00 search by keyword batteries.com privacy policy information collection and use batteries.com is the sole owner of the information collected on this site. we will not sell or rent this information to others in ways different from what is disclosed in this statement. batteries.com collects information from our users at several different points on our website. we collect non-personally identifiable information about you, such as your age, household income, buying preferences, ip address, computer settings or most-recently visited url. we also collect personally identifiable information such as your contact, billing and shipping information, and other information not otherwise publicly available. personally identifiable information about you is collected when you voluntarily submit such information to us, by, for example, signing up for my account, filling out a survey or registration form. we may combine personal information collected from you with information from other company sources or third parties to provide a better user experience, including customizing content for you. we do not sell or otherwise disclose personal information, except as described herein. in general, we will only use the information you provide to us for the purpose for which such information was provided. we may also use this information to deliver to you information about our company and promotional material from some of our partners and affiliates, trend analysis, pattern detection, and site administration. your information may also be used to contact you when necessary and may be shared with other companies that may want to contact you with offers consistent with your stated preferences. users may opt-out of receiving future communications from audiovox and other entities by following the instructions set forth in the opt-out section below. non-personal demographic and profile data is used to tailor your experience at our site, showing you content we think you might be interested in. this information may also be shared with advertisers on an aggregate non-personal basis. we may also share information with third parties in limited circumstances, including when we are required to do so by law or legal process, or to prevent fraud or imminent harm, and to ensure the security of our network and services. in order to provide you with certain services offered through the batteries.com website, batteries.com may share information provided by our visitors (such as user name and password) with third parties with whom batteries.com has contracted in order to provide you with such services. these third parties are restricted from using or disclosing the information except as necessary to provide you with services on our behalf or to comply with legal requirements. batteries.com may also disclose your information in the event that we transfer or sell all or a portion of our business or assets or upon any other corporate reorganization. in the event of such a sale or transfer, we will use reasonable efforts to request that the transferee or acquirer will use personal information in a manner consistent with this privacy policy. signing up for my account during my account sign up we require users to give personally identifiable information including their contact information (such as name, zip code, and email address). we use your email address to uniquely identify you to allow you access to your account and to keep track of your wish list. . we use your contact information from the account form to send you a newsletter and to inform you of sales and special offers. if you don't want to receive these types of emails from us you may opt-out. for more information on how to opt-out see the choice/opt-out section below. placing an order with batteries.com you have the option to place an order as a guest or as a registered user. on our order form we collect personally identifiable information (like name and shipping address) and financial information (like credit card number, expiration date). this information is used for billing purposes and to fulfill your order. we will use your contact information to contact you if we have trouble processing your order, if we have questions regarding your order, or we wish to notify you of the status of your order. during the checkout process you will be given the option to join our mailing list. we may use your mailing address and/or email address to send you a catalog and notices regarding upcoming sales. if you don't want to receive these types of communications from us, see the choice/opt-out section below. surveys and contests from time-to-time, we may request information from you through surveys or contests. participation in these surveys or contests is completely voluntary and the user has a choice whether or not to disclose this information. information requested may include contact information (such as name and shipping address), and demographic information (such as zip code, age level). contact information gathered from contests will be used to notify the winners and award prizes. demographic information will be used for purposes of monitoring and improving your experience on this site. we may co-sponsor some contests on our site with other companies. if you enter one of these contests, our co-sponsor may receive the information collected or may collect the information directly. in such cases, we will tell you who is collecting your information, how our co-sponsor may use the information and how you can contact our co-sponsor. email links we use email links on our customer feedback page to allow you to contact us directly with any questions or comments you may have. we read every message sent in and try to reply promptly. we use the information you provide us to respond directly to your questions or comments. we may also retain your comments to improve the site and program, or we may review and discard the information. cookies cookies are an industry standard used by most major websites. when you view our website we may store some information in the form of a "cookie" or similar file. cookies are small pieces of information stored on your hard drive, not on our site. cookies do not spy on you or otherwise invade your privacy, and they cannot invade your hard drive and steal information. rather, they help you navigate a website as easily as possible. we use cookies to improve the quality of our services, deliver content specific to your interests and to prevent you from reentering all your registration data at each connection. some of our business partners (e.g, advertisers) use cookies on our site. we have no access to or control over these cookies. this privacy policy covers the use of cookies by batteries.com only and does not cover the use of cookies by any advertisers. batteries.com uses owneriq to place advertisements for our products and services and those of third parties on our website and third-party sites. owneriq uses cookies and other technologies such as web beacons or tags to measure the effectiveness of our ads and to determine the display of content and advertising to you based on your interests both on our site, as well as on third-party sites where you may visit. to support this interest based advertising solution, owneriq may use anonymous information about your visits to our and other web sites. the information collected and used by owneriq is always anonymous, and does not enable any third-party to identify you individually. for more information about owneriq's privacy policy, please click here. although it is our hope that you find the display of advertising to you based on your anonymous interests valuable, if you would prefer not to participate in the services offered by owneriq, you can always opt-out of this activity by visiting owneriq's opt-out page by clicking here. log files we use ip addresses to analyze trends, administer the site, track user's movement, and gather broad demographic information for aggregate use. ip addresses are not linked to personally identifiable information. we keep this information for our internal use. we do not share it with others. links our website contains links to other companies' websites. because this policy only applies to batteries.com's website and not linked websites, you should examine the privacy policy of any other websites that you access via a link from the batteries.com website. batteries.com is not responsible for the privacy practices or the content of such other companies' websites. third-party relationships when you purchase from us, we send your credit card information, name, and billing address to credit card companies for verification and to authorize your purchase. we give your name and shipping information to third-party shippers who use this information to deliver your purchase. we do not sell, rent, or otherwise share your personal information with third parties. batteries.com may send offers to you on behalf of third party partners. if you want to take advantage of the offer, you will provide your information to our third party partner directly. batteries.com will not share your information with these third party partners. please review the privacy policies of our third party partners about how they will use your information and how to contact them. if you sign up to be a batteries.com affiliate, you will be directed to our third party affiliate relationship manager's site to complete the affiliate application. for more information on how our third party affiliate relationship management service uses your information, please review their privacy policy. choice/opt-out we give you the opportunity to 'opt-out' of receiving marketing information from us. the my account signup form has an 'opt-out' mechanism so if you create an account with us, but don't want any marketing material, you can keep your email address off of our lists. if you no longer wish to receive our newsletter or promotional materials from us you may opt-out of receiving these communications by replying to unsubscribe in the subject line in the email or email us at info@batteries.com. if you do not wish to receive any catalog or postcard mailings in the future, you can contact info@batteries.com and request removal from our mailing list. because customer communications are often prepared well in advance of deployment (sometimes months before the communication is made), you may continue to receive some communications after you send us a request not to use your information. we appreciate your patience during this time. correction/updating personal information if you need to correct or update your personal information (such as your email address), or you no longer desires our service you can let us know on our member information page accessible by logging into your account or by emailing our customer support at info@batteries.com. notification of changes if we change our privacy policy, we will post a notice of the change on our homepage, so you are aware of what information we collect, how we use it, and under what circumstances, if any, we disclose it. if at any point we decide to use personally identifiable information in a manner different from that stated at the time it was collected, we will notify you via email or by posting a prominent notice on our website 30 days prior to implementing the change. you will have a choice as to whether or not we use your information in this different manner. legal disclaimer batteries.com uses encryption technologies when transferring and receiving data from you through our site. we also have appropriate security measures in place in our physical facilities to protect against the loss, misuse or alteration of information that we have collected from you. when you submit personally identifiable information (such as credit card number), that information is encrypted and is protected with encryption software - (secure socket layer). while on a secure page, such as our order form, the lock icon on the bottom of web browsers such as microsoft internet explorer becomes locked, as opposed to un-locked, or open, when you are just 'surfing'. we also use a variety of security technologies and procedures to help protect your personal information from unauthorized access, use, or disclosure once we receive it. for example, we store the personal information you provide on computer systems with limited access that are located in secured facilities. batteries.com's employees are trained and kept up-to-date on our security procedures. if you have any questions about the security at our website, you can send an email to security@batteries.com. contact us we may disclose personal information when required by law or in the good-faith belief that such action is necessary in order to conform to the edicts of the law or to comply with a legal process served on our website. to contact us if you have any questions about this privacy statement, the practices of this site, or your dealings with our web site, you can contact: webmaster batteries.com 111 congressional blvd ste 350 carmel, in 46032 webmaster@batteries.com battery finder | sitemap | contact us | help | battery glossary | shipping guidelines | privacy policy batteries.com | 3502 woodview trace, suite 220 | indianapolis, in 46268 | for returns click here | batteries.com. inc.© 2012 | all rights reserved.