来源URL: https://web.archive.org/web/20091223000314/http://www.americarx.com/shippingpolicy.html
================================================================================

americarx.com : shipping policy - timely shipping your orders by ups ship, usps ship and fedex your account | my cart | our help | new products baby health beauty acne care nutrition vitamins mints chocolates ambulatory incontinence otc drugs diabetes home needs pet care personal care sexual health eyes, lenses ear care search skin care cosmetics weight loss antacids laxatives first aid gift guide oral, dental care store specials shop by category babybaby diapers, baby wipes and bath needsbaby feeding and nursing accessoriesbaby food and baby formulababy health and hygienebeauty and fragrancesacne, blemish carecosmeticsfine fragrancelip careskin caresun carediet and nutritionscondition specific supplementsdiet and nutritional supplementsherbal remedieshomeopathic remediesminerals and nutrientssports nutrition, bars and drinksvitaminsweight loss supplementsfood and candychocolates and candyfood and snacksgums and mintsgift guide offershome medicalalternative therapyhome health carehosiery, stockings, pantyhose and support socksorthopedic elastic supports and bracesrespiratory therapyhouse holdair fresheners, room deodorizers, candlesautomotive suppliescleaners and waxeselectrical and audiohouse wares, kitchen needsindustrial, alternative medicinesinsecticides, rodenticides and pesticideslaundry needspet and animal suppliesphotographyplastics, foil and paper productsschool and officeseasonal productsshoe polish, shoe laces and accessoriestoys and gamesonline store special dealsfree shipping productsgift setsnew productsspecial offers up to 10%offspecial offers up to 15%offspecial offers up to 20%offspecial offers up to 45%offspecial offers up to 5%offspecial offers up to 50%offspecial packsotc medicinesantacids and laxativescough and colddiabetes carefirst aidpain and feversedatives and stimulantsstop smokingpersonal caredeodorants and antiperspirantsethnic productsfoot carehair careoral hygieneshaving and mens groomingsexual healthfamily planningfeminine hygienevision carecontact lens careear careeye carereader glasses, magnifiers, eye patches shipping policy & rates add more items to shopping cart, get less shipping price. our shipping charges according with our shopping cart weight. darisi inc., d/b/a americarx.com is required to charge sales tax on nonprescription orders shipped to addresses in the state of new york, the location of our corporate warehouse headquarters. the tax rate applied to your order will match the current rate at the location of our corporate warehouse headquarters. therefore, the sales tax rate applied to your order may be different from your local rate. all other orders shipped to addresses in the remaining 49 states, including us territory and apo/fpo addresses, will not be subject to sales tax. shipping performance americarx.com - on time shipping performance for the year 2007 click here americarx.com - shipping performance for december month click here domestic shipping all orders billing information and shipping information must contain valid email and postal addresses. limitation of liability: americarx.com is not responsible for untimely, lost, incomplete or misdirected addresses entered by the customer, computer system malfunctions of any kind no matter what the cause, or phone line disruptions. any order not received by reason of failure of electronic equipment, computer hardware, computer software or computer system, or from any other error, failure or delay whether or not due to human or technical flaws and whether or not the fault of americarx or a third party shall not be considered. americarx.com is not responsible for incorrect or inaccurate entry or promotion information or for any technical or human error in connection with the offering of the items, the processing of orders or shipping the orders. on-time guarantee americarx.com always work hard to deliver the order goods on time. we have no control over our shipping partners, their operations, or events that effect their delivery schedules. we therefore do not guarantee on-time delivery. usually ships in 1 business day - we will ship your order within 24 hours ships in 2-3 business days - it takes time 2 - 3 business days to ship your order. note : do not apply to apo, fpo, alaska, new mexico, hawaii and the american territories. *this is not guaranteed in unavoidable circumstances liability for customer errors we are not responsible for customer errors in delivery address entry or delivery method selection. please review your order and contact us immediately if you find mistakes. every order will be charged for $5.00 as a correction fee for customer error in the delivary address. this charge is being levied on us by ups & other shipping carriers form us for every delivary address mistake. we are not responsible for customer errors in address entry and delivery method selection.us postal service delivery does not include shipment tracking as a feature. americarx.com offers, ground, priority mail , express mail and overnight mail shipping only in the united states. free standard shipping americarx.com offers free standard shipping on all merchandise orders for $97 and over to us domestic destinations only. * not applicable for orders above 20 lbs. weight. free shipping policy free shipping offer is valid as we mentioned in our site for eligible products. this offer is not eligible for apo, fpo, hawaii and puerto rico customers. for all orders being sent to hawaii, alaska, new mexico, puerto rico, fpo, and apo, ae/ao/military locations,we will need to change the shipping method and adjust your shipping fees accordingly. orders that contain certain aerosol products cannot be shipped via ups or certain air methods and will be shipped by ground service. for safety reasons, the u.s. department of transportation (dot) prohibits air shipment of certain items. orders that contain a dot-restricted item must be sent ground-only. free shipping restrictions: order subtotal must be $97 or more. not valid on the purchase of gift certificates. not applicable for orders above 20 lbs. weight. for products weighing more than 10 lbs will not be eligible. shopping cart containing products which is above 10 lbs will be calculated for shipping charge according to destination. order must be shipped to a physical address (no po boxes). valid on orders shipped within the continental u.s. only. not available for items marked with truck or factory direct or case items or special shipments. if an order of more than $97 contains a size or weight restricted item (marked os, os+, heavy) or the order exceeds shipping restrictions., the customer pays the base shipping rate . if an order of more than $97 contains a factory direct item, the customer pays the factory direct shipping charge and any other size or weight restricted item charges; the base shipping rate is free. cannot be combined with other offers. not combined with previous purchases. must be in a single order. americarx.com reserves the right to change or discontinue this free shipping offer at any time. for apo, fpo, hawaii and puerto rico customers, shipping charges will be applied even for free shipping items as we listed in our site. do you send partial shipments? americarx.com does its best to keep a complete and adequate inventory of products in stock at all times. however, certain products may not be available at the time of your order. in these cases, we will contact you for instructions regarding shipping the remaining items. americarx.com does not handle back orders. shipping rates: add more items to shopping cart - get less shipping price. you can choose from a variety of shipping options for your nonprescription order. shipping costs are based on the shopping cart weight. processing time standard shipping - - 4 to 6 business day's priority shipping - - 3 to 5 business day's express shipping - - 2 to 3 business day's overnight shipping - - next day shipping cut off time for everyday for processing the same day is 11:30 a.m. (eastern standard time). all orders after the cut off time will be processed next day only all orders after the cut off time on friday, all orders on saturday & sunday will be processed on monday. shipping options (delivery methods): americarx.com delivers merchandise through package carriers such as ups (united parcel service), usps (united states postal service). depending upon the shipping location for your order shipping carrier may vary and may not include tracking. items ordered together may arrive in separate shipments. for overnight and 2nd day options, add one to three days in-house processing time plus the transit time (one day for overnight or two days for 2nd day). thus placing an order for overnight delivery may arrive in up to 3 business days. delivery times to apo/fpo addresses may vary significantly. what are the additional shipping charges for oversized, heavy, and hazardous items? shipping carriers charges additional fees for packages over 30 lbs., hazardous goods, and oversized items. products that incur these additional fees. do you ship outside of the u.s.? yes, we do. americarx.com currently ships to all 50 united state, as well as apo/fpo addresses and puerto rico. we do ship internationally and also shipping to guam or other u.s. protectorates. how do i track my order? after your order is shipped, you will receive an e-mail containing tracking information for your package(s). this information is also available by logging in to my account and clicking order history. note: in some cases tracking information is not available. [ back to home page ] we accept all major credit cards. you can use paypal or googlecheckout to pay for your order. if you do not have a credit card or do not want to use one online, you can pay cash for your purchase with paidbycash. you will receive a virtual mastercard code for the amount you have paid cash, which you can enter in our fields for credit cards to buy safely and securely. click here to learn more. international shipping americarx.com is currently able to ship products to international addresses. shipping charges calculated according to the shipping destinations. items from americarx.com can be shipped to several international regions, but cannot be shipped to africa, island nations, israel, latin america, or the middle east due to inability in our shipping system processing errors. as we update our system periodically and correct the errors, we will be able to ship to all destinations as it is available. some items sold by americarx.com may not be shipped internationally. americarx.com reserves the right to decide the international order fulfilment. this depends on the concerned country's own policies and customs rules. americarx.com set their own shipping rates and policies. *note: not eligible for international shipping destinations. do not select 2nd day air and next day air shipping methods for this product. read more about shipping to u.s. protectorates or apo/fpo addresses. your packages may be subject to the customs fees and import duties of the country to which you have your order shipped. see both international shipping restrictions and customs information below for more details. please note: for your protection, americarx.com will send any order valued at $400 or more via a trackable method. any customs or duty charges are always the responsibility of the recipient.when you purchase a new item from americarx.com, you pay immediately, online. included in your payment is a precalculated fee for shipping. americarx.com charges international buyers a flat rate for shipping, international standard shipping transit time: 3 to 6 weeks ( may take 8 to 12 weeks due to customs delays) if you have a tracking or delivery confirmation number, you can track your package by clicking the following link. the shipping method and carrier for your package will be listed in your account and in your shipment confirmation e-mail. if you need to contact the carrier, you'll find contact information below. ups package tracking: http://www.ups.com/webtracking/track?loc=en_us phone: 1-800-742-5877 important note : if the customer abandons / avoids the package to be shipped to his/her destination for reasons like customs duty to be paid, levying of import taxes, extra shipping cost due to destination overages and delivery surcharges etc., darisi inc., d/b/a americarx.com shall not be responsible for refunds, returns and chargebacks associated with their orders and order amounts. all international orders placed by the customers who live in usa or outside usa oblige the custom duty and import taxes incurred by their destination shipping countries policies and rules. darisi inc., d/b/a americarx.com will not be responsible for payback these charges. customers have to be prepared to pay these charges if any in ahead to receiving the order shipment at their destination. if the package holds by customs department or postal department, customer is sole responsible for to resolve the package. americarx.com will support only by sending required documentation. and not by paying / returning these above extra charges. continue shopping please note that some shipments, such as standard international shipments, are not trackable. if you're not sure whether your order has been shipped, check the status of your recent orders withus by writing e-mail at sales@americarx.com. continue shopping customs information: customers who are from international origin other than united states of america you may be subject to import duties and taxes, which are levied once a shipment reaches your country. additional charges for customs clearance must be borne by you; we have no control over these charges and cannot predict what they may be. customs policies vary widely from country to country; you should contact your local customs office for further information. additionally, when ordering from americarx.com, you are considered the importer of record and must comply with all laws and regulations of the country in which you are receiving the goods.generally, customs forms for international packages will list the value of your order's contents by product type. your privacy is important to us, and we know that you care about how information about your order is used and shared. we would like our international customers and also customers shipping products to international destinations to be aware that cross-border shipments are subject to opening and inspection by customs authorities.also, we may provide certain order, shipment and product information, such as titles, to our international carriers, and such information may be communicated by the carriers to customs authorities in order to facilitate customs clearance and comply with local laws.if the order is a gift, the package is marked "gift," but the cost of the item is still stated on the customs form. customs authorities require us to state the value of the gift item directly on the package. continue shopping shipping restrictions: please note: buyers outside the u.s. cannot purchase the following types of items via americarx.com: video games, toys and baby items, electronics, cameras and photo items, tools and hardware, kitchenware and housewares, sporting goods and outdoor equipment and computers.oversized and extremely heavy weight items are marked as restricted products for international shipping and needs special permission from americarx.com customer service as these items requiring a special surcharge. the surcharge varies depending on the size and weight of the item. these items typically cannot be shipped outside the u.s.items that are listed with limited availabilities or in stock for more than 3 weeks will incur an additional charge due to the additional labor required in ordering these items directly from the manufacturer.both of these charges will be included in the shipping & handling subtotal of your order manually after getting confirmation from you.itemsthat are extremely oversized or weight are marked on their product pages as requiring special handling and will ship separately from other items in your order. the shipping charges for these items are either indicated on their product detail pages or will be calculated for you at the last step of the shipping process before we send your order. this service includes delivery within 7-14 business days of shipment. please note that each shipment of these items requires an adult signature upon delivery. due to warranty issues and manufacturer restrictions, we are unable to ship all products to all geographical locations. you'll be notified while placing your order if we're unable to ship specific items to the address you've selected. view the products alphabetically: a b c d e f g h i j k l m n o p q r s t u v w x y z # company information shipping policy return policy privacy policy tax policy affiliate program referral program deals and offers up to 50% offer special packs gift sets free shipping products gift guide offers winners page help contact us order tracking payment options shipping options sitemap order by phone: 1-800-361-2084 your account your orders your wish list your subscriptions your dollars club accepted payment methods product descriptions and images presented on the site are for representational use only and do not constitute or substitute for medical information from your health care or medical professional. information on this site is provided for informational purposes only. you should read carefully all on correct product packaging and follow the instructions. if you have or suspect that you have a medical problem, promptly contact your health care provider. information and statements regarding dietary supplements on this site have not been evaluated by the food and drug administration and are not intended to diagnose, treat, cure, or prevent any disease and may be for commercial. image shown for reference only. actual item you recieve may differ from shown. copyright © 2008 . all rights reserved by americarx.com health and beauty terms & conditions