来源URL: https://web.archive.org/web/20101225020000/http://www.americarx.com/return policy.html
================================================================================

americarx.com shop online pharmacy return policy and return shipment details baby storediapers, wipes and bath needsfeeding and nursing accessoriesinfant food and formulakids health and safety beauty and anti aging acne, blemish treatmentcosmetics, makeup kitsperfumes, gift sets lip balms and cold sore relief skin care, body moisturizers sun protectents, tanning lotions fitness and healthy bodycondition specific supplementsdiet and nutrition foods herbal naturals homeopathic remediessports nutrition, bars and drinksvitamins, gummiesminerals and nutrientsweight loss, sugar substitutes gums and candychocolates, lollipopssnacksbubblegum, mints - sugar free home health for seniors home health for seniors support medical legwearorthopedic supportsrespiratory therapymagnetic braces and massagers otc medicines cough, cold, allergy and sinusdiabetes meters, strips, scoksantacids, laxatives and gas relieffirst aid, sunburn, wound healingarthritis, pain & fever, sleep aidsenergy boosters, stimulantsstop smoking patches and lozenges house holdcleaners, waxes and polisheslearning toys and gamesscented candles and air freshenersautomotive electronicshouse wares, kitchen needsindustrial, alternative medicinesinsecticides, rodenticides and pesticideselectrical and audiolaundry needs, detergentsfor pets and animalsdigital photo frames, camerasmoist wipes, paper towels and snack bagspens, pencils, markers, crayons and notebooks bindersaccessories for swimmingshoe polish, shoe laces and accessories personal caredeodorants and antiperspirantsshaving and mens groomingfoot treatment, manicure, pedicureoral hygiene, dentures carehair care - colors, styles and toolsethnic - traditional products sexual wellnesscondoms, contraceptives, enhancersmenopause treatments, vitaminspregnancy kits, ovulation testsdouches, maxi pads and pantilinersspermicidal lubricants, tamponsyeast infection relieffeminine deodorants, cleansing wash eye, ear medicationlens cleaners, storage solutionsear plugs and wax removaleye drops, vitamins and cleansersreader glasses, eye patches discounts couponsfree shipping itemsgift sets, travel kitsstore coupons online onlysale - 10% off nowbest deals for 15%special 20% offerget discount of 45%bargain at 5%super sale upto 50%offbonus and value packs search shop by category babybaby diapers, baby wipes and bath needsbaby feeding and nursing accessoriesbaby food and baby formulababy health and hygienebeauty and fragrancesacne, blemish carecosmeticsfine fragrancelip careskin caresun carediet and nutritionscondition specific supplementsdiet and nutritional supplementsherbal remedieshomeopathic remediesminerals and nutrientssports nutrition, bars and drinksvitaminsweight loss supplementsfood and candychocolates and candyfood and snacksgums and mintsgift guide offershome medicalalternative therapyhome health carehosiery, stockings, pantyhose and support socksorthopedic elastic supports and bracesrespiratory therapyhouse holdair fresheners, room deodorizers, candlesautomotive suppliescleaners and waxeselectrical and audiohouse wares, kitchen needsindustrial, alternative medicinesinsecticides, rodenticides and pesticideslaundry needspet and animal suppliesphotographyplastics, foil and paper productsschool and officeseasonal productsshoe polish, shoe laces and accessoriestoys and gamesonline store special dealsfree shipping productsgift setsnew productsspecial offers up to 10%offspecial offers up to 15%offspecial offers up to 20%offspecial offers up to 45%offspecial offers up to 5%offspecial offers up to 50%offspecial packsotc medicinesantacids and laxativescough and colddiabetes carefirst aidpain and feversedatives and stimulantsstop smokingpersonal caredeodorants and antiperspirantsethnic productsfoot carehair careoral hygieneshaving and mens groomingsexual healthfamily planningfeminine hygienevision carecontact lens careear careeye carereader glasses, magnifiers, eye patches home » return policy return policy how do i return something to americarx.com? where can i contact you? cancellation of orders will be accepted within 2 hours of shopping cart checkout time, other wise we charge $6.99 cancellation fee for orders cancelled after 2 hours of shopping cart checkout time. please call us at 1-877-932-2979 to cancel your order within 2 hours of order placement in our site. bulk orders and cancellation all bulk orders once palced cannot be cancelled after 24 hours. after 24 hours 5% cancellation fee will be charged and refund the remaining amount. once the bulk order is confirmed with the customer cannot be cancelled at any instance. we are not giving refunds for bulk orders cancelled after 24 hours. only the shipping amount will be refunded if any. this above policy applied for special items orders also.. return policy * no returns will be accepted beyond 30 days of invoice date. customer must call prior to returning any product. any returned product must be accompanied with a return authorization number, written explanation for return, and a copy of the original invoice if applicable. returned products must be returned in "new" resaleable condition, in original packaging. returns will be subject to a minimum 25% to maximum of 50% restocking fee, including all freight charges**. americarx.com will inspect all returns for damage and determine whether additional fees need to apply. no refund will be issued if returned product is damaged beyond use, if it has been used, or if product has been damaged in shipping as a result of customer using insufficient return packaging. items not refundable: -items ordered in special request of customer by americarx.com other than listed in our site.(i.e. now a custom ordered product). -entire sexual health related products and nutritional supplies, diet drinks and products having expiry date below 30 days. *note: we donot accept returns or exchange for home health care items, electronics, chocolates , candies and toys. americarx.com makes every effort to ensure customers get what they ask for and make sure they get the order as they specified according to time and procedures they want us to follow. americarx.com packages and ships its products usually 3 ways: 1. ups. (united parcel service) 2. federal express 3. usps (united states parcel service) damaged shipping container/package if your order arrives and its shipping container appears crushed, folded, or severely damaged, notify that freight company immediately (usually ups, 800-pick-ups) and keep all packaging and contents for proof. the freight company may have to come pick up the damaged package from you. an inquiry and investigation process from the freight company will proceed and will usually take 7-10 business days. call us at 877-932-2979. defective product americarx.com will replace defective product, if it is determined that it is in fact defective and not a result packaging error or shipping error provided it is the manufacturing defect. and will be replaced after we confirmed the reason. incorrect product americarx.com will replace incorrectly delivered product, if it is determined that it is in fact incorrectly delivered (example: the invoice states one thing, and the customer received something else). call us at 877-932-2979. incorrect address should ups re-route a carton due to incorrectly supplied delivery information, a flat fee of $10.00 will be incurred and charged to your credit card. be accurate with your billing and shipping address to avoid these unnecessary fees. add company names, suite numbers, and apartment numbers and so on. delivery refusal if a package cannot be delivered for any reason other than carrier loss or damage, to the address you provided, or should you refuse the package, you remain responsible and hereby agree to pay for the order in full, waving any and all rights of chargeback. product descriptions and image errors product descriptions and images presented on the site are for representational use only and do not constitute or substitute for medical information from your health care or medical professional. information on this site is provided for informational purposes only. you should read carefully all on correct product packaging and follow the instructions. if you have or suspect that you have a medical problem, promptly contact your health care provider. information and statements regarding dietary supplements on this site have not been evaluated by the food and drug administration and are not intended to diagnose, treat, cure, or prevent any disease and may be for commercial. image shown for reference only. actual item you recieve may differ from shown. while every attempt is made at presenting the most current and accurate information, manufactures frequently change. you must report this to us within 48 hours after you receive the order. after 48 hours, we cannot accept a return. * our policy applies only to advertised prices only. it does not apply to special offers or promotions, including rebates and free-with-purchase offers. price comparisons include the product price plus shipping & handling charges when calculating the competitor's total price. **purchaser pays return shipping costs. how do i return something to americarx.com? nonprescription items your complete satisfaction with our product is guaranteed. items may be returned or exchanged in their original packaging within 30 days of receipt excluding shipping charges and also charge card transaction fees if any. americarx.com will not accept any returns after 30 days of delivering your product. authorising returns after 30 days will be at the prior approaval at the time of purchase by customer with us. simply follow these return/exchange instructions & guidelines to return your package. americarx.com will not refund shipping charges for returned items, shipping charges are non-refundable. americarx.com can only accept returns/exchanges that were purchased on americarx.com. within 10 days of receiving your nonprescription order, you may return any item shipped by americarx.com for 100% full credit or refund excluding shipping charges and costs associated with return goods if any. also you can exchange the product to other items carried by us provided meeting the under said guidelines & the following circumstances: item should be in new condition with original packaging and accessories. if the item was received damaged or defective on delivery to your door step. incorrect item was shipped. we'll also provide free return shipping if your return is the result of our error. but we do not accept returns of opened items. once your return has been received, a credit or refund will be issued within 15 days and an e-mail confirmation will be sent to you. from 10 to 20 days of receiving your nonprescription order you may return any item shipped by americarx.com 25% of your original invoice price will be deducted plus shipping charges, and costs associated with return goods if any. provided as follows: item should be in new condition with original packaging and accessories. if the item was received damaged or defective on delivery to your door step. incorrect item was shipped. we'll also provide free return shipping if your return is the result of our error. but we do not accept returns of opened items. once your return has been received, a credit or refund will be issued within 15 days and an e-mail confirmation will be sent to you. from 20-30 days of receiving your nonprescription order you may return any item shipped by americarx.com for 50% of your original purchase will be credited or refunded excluding shipping charges, and costs associated with return goods if any. provided as follows: item should be in new condition with original packaging and accessories. . if the item was received damaged or defective on delivery to your door step. incorrect item was shipped. we'll also provide free return shipping if your return is the result of our error. but we do not accept returns of opened items. we do not accept items returned more than 30days after delivery. once your return has been received, a credit or refund will be issued within 15 days and an e-mail confirmation will be sent to you. in all the above cases americarx.com will deduct return shipping charges if any incurred to the returning the product by the customer. note: in case of returning sexual well-being products, unless they have a manufacturer defect, we do not accept returns for items purchased from our sexual well-being store. contact us if you have any questions regarding your return please send e-mail to customer care at sales@americarx.com. in your e-mail, include your order number and the reason you want to return each item. a customer care specialist will reply to your message and, if necessary, send you shipping instructions for returning the item(s).contact us for information regarding where to return or exchange an item. credits to your charge card credit card refunds will only be posted to the credit card used on the original purchase. please allow 2-3 weeks from the shipping date for your account to be credited. if you made a purchase using a check or money order, your refund will arrive in 2-3 weeks of receipt of your return. where can i contact you? our contact address e-mail us at sales@americarx.com toll free number - 1-800-361-2028 toll free fax number - 1-718-204-0212 available timings : 9.30 am (est) to 6.30 pm (est) monday to friday 10.30 am (est) to 6.30 (est) pm saturday sunday holiday health and beauty brands: a b c d e f g h i j k l m n o p q r s t u v w x y z # company information shipping information easy returns privacy policy tax policy become an affiliate $2 referral program deals and offers up to 50% offer special packs gift sets free shipping products gift guide winners page faq contact us order tracking payment options delivery methods sitemap order by phone: 1-800-361-2084 your account view orders wishlist items update subscriptions dollars club balance accepted payment methods product images shown here are for reference only. actual item you recieve may differ from shown. information on this site is provided for informational purposes only. you should read carefully all on the correct product packaging and follow the instructions. copyright © 2008 . all rights reserved by americarx.com health and beauty terms & conditions