来源URL: https://web.archive.org/web/20110427095202/http://www.americarx.com/faqdetails.html
================================================================================

americarx.com : guidelines to place an order and more details regarding order. baby storediapers, wipes and bath needsfeeding and nursing accessoriesinfant food and formulakids health and safety beauty and anti aging acne, blemish treatmentcosmetics, makeup kitsperfumes, gift sets lip balms and cold sore relief skin care, body moisturizers sun protectents, tanning lotions fitness and healthy bodycondition specific supplementsdiet and nutrition foods herbal naturals homeopathic remediessports nutrition, bars and drinksvitamins, gummiesminerals and nutrientsweight loss, sugar substitutes gums and candychocolates, lollipopssnacksbubblegum, mints - sugar free home health for seniors home health for seniors support medical legwearorthopedic supportsrespiratory therapymagnetic braces and massagers otc medicines cough, cold, allergy and sinusdiabetes meters, strips, scoksantacids, laxatives and gas relieffirst aid, sunburn, wound healingarthritis, pain & fever, sleep aidsenergy boosters, stimulantsstop smoking patches and lozenges house holdcleaners, waxes and polisheslearning toys and gamesscented candles and air freshenersautomotive electronicshouse wares, kitchen needsindustrial, alternative medicinesinsecticides, rodenticides and pesticideselectrical and audiolaundry needs, detergentsfor pets and animalsdigital photo frames, camerasmoist wipes, paper towels and snack bagspens, pencils, markers, crayons and notebooks bindersaccessories for swimmingshoe polish, shoe laces and accessories personal caredeodorants and antiperspirantsshaving and mens groomingfoot treatment, manicure, pedicureoral hygiene, dentures carehair care - colors, styles and toolsethnic - traditional products sexual wellnesscondoms, contraceptives, enhancersmenopause treatments, vitaminspregnancy kits, ovulation testsdouches, maxi pads and pantilinersspermicidal lubricants, tamponsyeast infection relieffeminine deodorants, cleansing wash eye, ear medicationlens cleaners, storage solutionsear plugs and wax removaleye drops, vitamins and cleansersreader glasses, eye patches discounts couponsfree shipping itemsgift sets, travel kitsstore coupons online onlysale - 10% off nowbest deals for 15%special 20% offerget discount of 45%bargain at 5%super sale upto 50%offbonus and value packs search shop by category babybaby diapers, baby wipes and bath needsbaby feeding and nursing accessoriesbaby food and baby formulababy health and hygienebeauty and fragrancesacne, blemish carecosmeticsfine fragrancelip careskin caresun carediet and nutritionscondition specific supplementsdiet and nutritional supplementsherbal remedieshomeopathic remediesminerals and nutrientssports nutrition, bars and drinksvitaminsweight loss supplementsfood and candychocolates and candyfood and snacksgums and mintsgift guide offershome medicalalternative therapyhome health carehosiery, stockings, pantyhose and support socksorthopedic elastic supports and bracesrespiratory therapyhouse holdair fresheners, room deodorizers, candlesautomotive suppliescleaners and waxeselectrical and audiohouse wares, kitchen needsindustrial, alternative medicinesinsecticides, rodenticides and pesticideslaundry needspet and animal suppliesphotographyplastics, foil and paper productsschool and officeseasonal productsshoe polish, shoe laces and accessoriestoys and gamesonline store special dealsfree shipping productsgift setsnew productsspecial offers up to 10%offspecial offers up to 15%offspecial offers up to 20%offspecial offers up to 45%offspecial offers up to 5%offspecial offers up to 50%offspecial packsotc medicinesantacids and laxativescough and colddiabetes carefirst aidpain and feversedatives and stimulantsstop smokingpersonal caredeodorants and antiperspirantsethnic productsfoot carehair careoral hygieneshaving and mens groomingsexual healthfamily planningfeminine hygienevision carecontact lens careear careeye carereader glasses, magnifiers, eye patches home » frequently asked questions faq details page frequently asked questions how do i place an order? how can i pay you via credit card? i dont have credit card, how can i shop at americarx.com? how can i place an order through phone? what are the promotions and offers of americarx.com? how do i use coupon code or gift certificate code? do you ship to international addresses? what are the international shipping methods you have? what is my order status, can i track my order? what is your privacy policy? what is your shipping policy? what is your refund policy? what are the customs and tax information of your company? how can i get newsletter from americarx.com? how do i cancel an order? how to redeem instant coupon? how do i place an order? thanks for visiting americarx.com. how to place the order in americarx.com. first you choose the product and update quantity of that product and then click buy (or) add to cart button. after completion of your wanted product then click checkout button (right side) and then you go to checkout login page. in that 1.login 2. shipping options 3. place order 4. print receipt buttons is there you have to fill all these pages one by one. then your order placed is completed. go through the following steps carefully to place an order in americarx.com choose the desired product. enter the required quantity of that product in "qty" option box. click "buy" button. message gets displayed saying "added desired product(product name) to your cart", click ok. you can see message being displayed under "shopping cart"(on the right or left column) indicating "number of items in your cart and related products". clicking checkout button (below shopping cart) or you can select the "view cart" button (on the top right side) will take you to "cartcheckoutlogin" page it contains four fields- login > 2. shipping options > 3. palce order > 4. print receipt fill all these pages one by one carefully. then you can get your order placed successfully with americarx.com how can i pay you via credit card? we accept all major credit cards, checks & money orders. you can use paypal or googlecheckout to pay for your order. i dont have credit card, how can i shop at americarx.com? if you do not have a credit card or do not want to use one online, you can pay cash for your purchase with ebillme. the safest way to pay online. simply pay using your bank's online bill pay service, just like a utility bill. no personal or financial information is shared. free to use, no sign up, no interest, no fees! buyer protection and cash back included. learn more. shop secure. live debt free - learn more how can i place an order through phone? you can make orders on phone by dialing our toll free numbers at 1-800-361-2028 1-800-361-2084 1-877-932-2979 so that our customer care executives will take the order over the phone by asking your first name, last name, email id, credit card number, cvv code, card expiry date, billing & shipping address. what are the promotions and offers of americarx.com? check below to see americarx online pharmacy offers free shipping on orders over $79. click here. get 5% cash back on second order. join the club. subscribe to americarx.com newsletter and get $2 gift code. subscribe now. refer a friend and get $1 gift code. refer now. get upto 50% off on selected products at americarx.com. view offers. special bonus packs and bogo products available at americarx.com. click here. free shipping on selected items. click here. more than 25,000 health and beauty products available at americarx.com how do i use coupon code or gift certificate code? you can use your gift code or coupon code at the payment details while you place an order add to cart > check out page > payment details > insert your coupon code *conditions apply do you ship to international addresses? yes we do ship to international destination. what are the international shipping methods you have? international shipping americarx.com is currently able to ship products to international addresses. international shipping method : ups worldwide expedited usps priority mail international ups worldwide express usps express mail international to canada : ups standard for more information see our shipping policy what is my order status, can i track my order? how do i track my order? after your order is shipped, you will receive an e-mail containing tracking information for your package(s). this information is also available by logging in to my account and clicking order history. note: in some cases tracking information is not available. what is your privacy policy? your privacy is very important to us. we assure you that, in accordance with our privacy policy, americarx.com, will not distribute our customer list to third parties. to know more about americarx privacy policy click here. what is your shipping policy? we ship via united parcel service (ups), usps and fedex. shipping carrier may vary with the destination and weight of the package shipped. to know more about americarx shipping policy click here. what is your refund policy? no returns will be accepted beyond 30 days of invoice date. we donot accept returns or exchange for home health care items, electronics, chocolates , perfumes, candies and toys. to know more about americarx return policy click here. what are the customs & tax information of your company? customs information: customers who are from international origin other than united states of america you may be subject to import duties and taxes, which are levied once a shipment reaches your country. additional charges for customs clearance must be borne by you; we have no control over these charges and cannot predict what they may be. customs policies vary widely from country to country; you should contact your local customs office for further information. additionally, when ordering from americarx.com, you are considered the importer of record and must comply with all laws and regulations of the country in which you are receiving the goods.generally, customs forms for international packages will list the value of your order's contents by product type. your privacy is important to us, and we know that you care about how information about your order is used and shared. we would like our international customers and also customers shipping products to international destinations to be aware that cross-border shipments are subject to opening and inspection by customs authorities.also, we may provide certain order, shipment and product information, such as titles, to our international carriers, and such information may be communicated by the carriers to customs authorities in order to facilitate customs clearance and comply with local laws.if the order is a gift, the package is marked "gift," but the cost of the item is still stated on the customs form. customs authorities require us to state the value of the gift item directly on the package. tax information: darisi inc., d/b/a americarx.com is required to charge sales tax on nonprescription orders shipped to addresses in the state of new york, the location of our corporate warehouse headquarters. the tax rate applied to your order will match the current rate at the location of our corporate warehouse headquarters. therefore, the sales tax rate applied to your order may be different from your local rate. all other orders shipped to addresses in the remaining 49 states, including us territory and apo/fpo addresses, will not be subject to sales tax. add more items to shopping cart, get less shipping price. our shipping charges according with our shopping cart weight. how can i get promotional newsletter from americarx.com? to subscribe your email id, visit americarx.com home page. fill your details in subscription form, your mail id will be subscribed into americarx.com list to get promotional newsletters. first time subscribers will get $2 coupon code. go to home page. how do i cancel an order? you may cancel your order within 2 hours of shopping cart checkout time. if you cancel your order after 2 hours, we charge the cancellation fee $6.99. please call us at 1-800-361-2028 to cancel your order within 2 hours of order placement in our site. how to redeem instant coupon? click to redeem coupon. instant savings on your favourite brands upto $10. americarx committed to providing low prices every day. we are providing you great prices on many of your favorite products. check prices on thousands of our top-selling items. we offers you in 1-day coupon, weekly offers, monthly offers and exclusive offers. constantly updating coupons for top selling items for americarx. americarx exclusive sale: this offers valid for limited quantities only. instant coupon conditions: go to the page: store coupons click to get your product from the brand of the item. select the products which you need, at a time you can add many items in different brand in your cart. limit one redemption per one login. save an additional coupon on one selected item in each brand. for more information contact us terms & conditions apply. we respect your privacy. health and beauty brands: a b c d e f g h i j k l m n o p q r s t u v w x y z # company information shipping information easy returns privacy policy tax policy become an affiliate $2 referral program deals and offers up to 50% offer special packs gift sets free shipping products gift guide winners page faq contact us order tracking payment options delivery methods sitemap order by phone: 1-800-361-2084 your account view orders wishlist items update subscriptions dollars club balance accepted payment methods product images shown here are for reference only. actual item you recieve may differ from shown. information on this site is provided for informational purposes only. you should read carefully all on the correct product packaging and follow the instructions. copyright © 2008 . all rights reserved by americarx.com health and beauty terms & conditions