来源URL: https://web.archive.org/web/20110427095202/http://www.americarx.com/termsandconditions.aspx
================================================================================

americarx.com shop online pharmacy for health & beauty, home health care, skin care & baby care products. shopping cart |  your account |  new products baby storediapers, wipes and bath needsfeeding and nursing accessoriesinfant food and formulakids health and safety beauty and anti aging acne, blemish treatmentcosmetics, makeup kitsperfumes, gift sets lip balms and cold sore relief skin care, body moisturizers sun protectents, tanning lotions fitness and healthy bodycondition specific supplementsdiet and nutrition foods herbal naturals homeopathic remediessports nutrition, bars and drinksvitamins, gummiesminerals and nutrientsweight loss, sugar substitutes gums and candychocolates, lollipopssnacksbubblegum, mints - sugar free home health for seniors home health for seniors support medical legwearorthopedic supportsrespiratory therapymagnetic braces and massagers otc medicines cough, cold, allergy and sinusdiabetes meters, strips, scoksantacids, laxatives and gas relieffirst aid, sunburn, wound healingarthritis, pain & fever, sleep aidsenergy boosters, stimulantsstop smoking patches and lozenges house holdcleaners, waxes and polisheslearning toys and gamesscented candles and air freshenersautomotive electronicshouse wares, kitchen needsindustrial, alternative medicinesinsecticides, rodenticides and pesticideselectrical and audiolaundry needs, detergentsfor pets and animalsdigital photo frames, camerasmoist wipes, paper towels and snack bagspens, pencils, markers, crayons and notebooks bindersaccessories for swimmingshoe polish, shoe laces and accessories personal caredeodorants and antiperspirantsshaving and mens groomingfoot treatment, manicure, pedicureoral hygiene, dentures carehair care - colors, styles and toolsethnic - traditional products sexual wellnesscondoms, contraceptives, enhancersmenopause treatments, vitaminspregnancy kits, ovulation testsdouches, maxi pads and pantilinersspermicidal lubricants, tamponsyeast infection relieffeminine deodorants, cleansing wash eye, ear medicationlens cleaners, storage solutionsear plugs and wax removaleye drops, vitamins and cleansersreader glasses, eye patches discounts couponsfree shipping itemsgift sets, travel kitsstore coupons online onlysale - 10% off nowbest deals for 15%special 20% offerget discount of 45%bargain at 5%super sale upto 50%offbonus and value packs search shop by category baby baby diapers, baby wipes and bath needs baby feeding and nursing accessories baby food and baby formula baby health and hygiene beauty and fragrances acne, blemish care cosmetics fine fragrance lip care skin care sun care diet and nutritions condition specific supplements diet and nutritional supplements herbal remedies homeopathic remedies minerals and nutrients sports nutrition, bars and drinks vitamins weight loss supplements food and candy chocolates and candy food and snacks gums and mints gift guide offers home medical alternative therapy home health care hosiery, stockings, pantyhose and support socks orthopedic elastic supports and braces respiratory therapy house hold air fresheners, room deodorizers, candles automotive supplies cleaners and waxes electrical and audio house wares, kitchen needs industrial, alternative medicines insecticides, rodenticides and pesticides laundry needs pet and animal supplies photography plastics, foil and paper products school and office seasonal products shoe polish, shoe laces and accessories toys and games online store special deals free shipping products gift sets new products special offers up to 10%off special offers up to 15%off special offers up to 20%off special offers up to 45%off special offers up to 5%off special offers up to 50%off special packs otc medicines antacids and laxatives cough and cold diabetes care first aid pain and fever sedatives and stimulants stop smoking personal care deodorants and antiperspirants ethnic products foot care hair care oral hygiene shaving and mens grooming sexual health family planning feminine hygiene vision care contact lens care ear care eye care reader glasses, magnifiers, eye patches terms and conditions americarx.com - online pharmacy & drugstore. americarx.com is a growing drugstore online for health and beauty products, diabetes supplies, medical and surgical supplies, vitamins and minerals. our shopping site carrying 23,000 products for health and beauty, wellness, medical supplies and personal care products. americarx.com is committed to provide the consumers with products at low prices, having been in the online pharmacy business from the past 4 years, we continually monitor the prices of the products we sell and put in our best efforts to provide genuine value to the customers, and having gained the trust of our 150,000 customers, we strive harder everyday in order to achieve and grow as america's most trusted pharmacy. make your choice of licensed online pharmacy is americarx.com . terms and conditions of user agreement the customer assumes all risk for selection and use of the service and content including image provided thereon or any equipment furnished in connection therewith. americarx.com shall not be responsible for any errors, misstatements, inaccuracies or omissions regarding content including image delivered through the service or any delays in or interruptions of such delivery. this image and product picture search function is intended as a guide only, for use by residents of the united states of america. reasonable effort has been made to ensure that the information provided by americarx.com is accurate, up-to-date, and complete, but no guarantee is made to that effect. please refer to the manufacturers terms of use. the appearance of any product and medication may be subject to change. the appearance of any product or medication may vary from country to country. to confirm the identity of any medication you must consult your doctor or pharmacist. in order to proceed to the image and product search, you must read and agree to the following terms. disclaimer: every effort has been made to ensure that the information provided by americarx.com, is accurate, up-to-date, and complete, but no guarantee is made to that effect. in addition, the drug information contained herein may be time sensitive and should not be utilized as a reference resource beyond the date hereof. this drug information does not endorse drugs, diagnose patients, or recommend therapy. this drug information is a reference resource designed as supplement to, and not a substitute for, the expertise, skill , knowledge, and judgement of healthcare practitioners in patient care. the absence of a warning for a given drug or drug combination in no way should be construed to indicate that the drug of drug combination is safe, effective, or appropriate for any given patient. americarx.com information services does not assume any responsibility for any aspect of healthcare administered with the aid of information americarx.com provides. the information in contained herein is not intended to cover all possible uses, directions, precautions, warnings, drug interactions, allergic reactions, or adverse effects. if you have questions about the drugs you are taking, check with your doctor, nurse, or pharmacist the customer acknowledges that the service and any equipment are provided on an "as is" basis. except for warranties which may not be disclaimed as a matter of law, americarx.com makes no representation or warranties whatsoever, express or implied, including but not limited to representations or warranties regarding the accuracy or nature of the content of the service, warranties of title, noninfringement, merchantability or fitness for a particular purpose. americarx.com shall not be liable to any person (including but not limited to the customer and persons treated by or on behalf of the customer) for, and the customer agrees to indemnify and hold americarx.com harmless from any claims, lawsuits, proceedings, costs, attorney's fees, damages or other losses (collectively, "losses") arising out of or relating to (a) the customer's use of the service or content provided thereon or any equipment furnished in connection therewith and (b) any data or information input on the service by customer, in all case including but not limited to losses for tort, personal injury, medical malpractice or product liability. further, without limiting the foregoing, in no event shall americarx.com be liable for any special, incidental, consequential, or indirect damages, including damages for loss of profits, loss of business, or down time, even if americarx.com has been advised of the possibility of such damages, the information contained within the service is intended for use only by physicians and other healthcare professionals who should rely on their clinical discretion and judgement in diagnosis and treatment. as between the customer and americarx.com, the customer hereby assumes full responsibility for insuring the appropriateness of using and relying upon the information in view of all attendant circumstances, indications and contradictions. under no circumstances shall americarx.com be liable to the customer or any other person for any direct, indirect, exemplary, special or consequential damages arising out of or relating to the customer's use of or inability to use the service or the content of the service provided thereon or any equipment furnished in connection therewith. americarx.com's total liabilities in connection with this agreement, whether arising under contract or otherwise, are limited to the fees received by americarx.com under this agreement specifically relating to the customer's service or product which is the subject of the claim. information on this site provided by - darasi inc. dba americarx hereinafter referred to as americarx.com online pharmacy is for informational purposes only and is not meant to be a substitute for the advice provided by your physician or other qualified medical professionals. this information is for reference only and not to be used for diagnosing or treating your health care problems or disease, or to prescribe medication or treatment. read all product packaging carefully prior to use. if you have or suspect you may have a medical problem, promptly seek the care your physician or health care provider. also, consult your physician before starting a new diet, fitness, or supplement regimen. it must be understood that in no event shall americarx.com online pharmacy or any information provider be liable for any incidental, consequential, punitive or special damages, direct or indirect. americarx.com online pharmacy liability shall not exceed the fees paid by the user for the particular information or service provided. some of the products like dietary supplements etc. have not been evaluated by the u.s. food and drug administration (fda) and are not approved to diagnose, treat, cure, or prevent disease. please consult your health care provider before taking any supplements, particularly if you are currently under medical care. americarx.com online pharmacy does not necessarily endorse manufacturers' or others' claims about the efficacy of these products, nor do we make any guarantee or warranty, express or implied, with respect to any products or services sold, including any warranty of merchantability or fitness for a particular purpose. due to medical information changes and updates, which occur periodically, some information on this site might be out of date. while americarx.com online pharmacy attempts to provide the most accurate and up to date material, the information, material, products and services on this site may include inaccurate information, typographical errors or outdated information. additionally, americarx.com online pharmacy may make modifications or changes to the site or the information, material, products or services described in this site at any time for any reason. americarx.com online pharmacy is not responsible for and need not honor typographical or pricing errors on the site. americarx.com online pharmacy reserves the right to refuse or cancel an order at any time, including, but not limited to, orders that contain incorrect prices or product descriptions or orders regarding which americarx.com online pharmacy believes the customer has violated applicable law. americarx.com online pharmacy also reserves the right to limit the number of items purchased or orders placed on this site. minor. if you have agreed to allow your minor child, or a child for whom you are legal guardian (a "minor"), to use this site, you agree that you shall be solely responsible for: (a) the online conduct of such minor; (b) monitoring such minor?s access to and use of the site; and (c) the consequences of any use of the site by such minor. links to other websites. the site contains links to other websites. we are not responsible for the content, accuracy or opinions expressed in such websites, and such websites are not investigated, monitored or checked for accuracy or completeness by us. inclusion of any linked website on our site does not imply approval or endorsement of the linked website by us. if you decide to leave our site and access these third-party sites, you do so at your own risk. product descriptions and images presented on the site are for representational use only and do not constitute or substitute for medical information from your health care or medical professional. information on this site is provided for informational purposes only. you should read carefully all on correct product packaging and follow the instructions. if you have or suspect that you have a medical problem, promptly contact your health care provider. information and statements regarding dietary supplements on this site have not been evaluated by the food and drug administration and are not intended to diagnose, treat, cure, or prevent any disease and may be for commercial. image shown for reference only. actual item you recieve may differ from shown. terms and conditions > affiliate program  |  contact us  |  shipping policy  |  return policy  |  privacy policy  |  winners page copyright © 2008 . all rights reserved by americarx.com  terms & conditions