来源URL: https://web.archive.org/web/20110427095202/http://www.americarx.com/siteimages/referralprogram.html
================================================================================

americarx.com 10th anniversary special gift page. your account |  new products baby health care baby diapers,wipes and bath needs baby bubble bath, baby wash baby diaper rash treatments baby diapers and disposable diapers baby lotions and oils baby powders and talc baby shampoos baby soaps, baby cleansing lotions baby wipes, baby wash cloths training pants and baby bibs baby feeding and nursing accessories baby bottles and feeding accessories baby pacifiers breast pumps, breast care supplies milk storage bags nursing pads training cups and baby accessories baby food and baby formula baby electrolytes baby formula baby nutrition food baby health and hygiene baby thermometers childrens suncare cotton balls and swabs cough, cold and flu medicine for kids first aid for kids gas relief medicine for children kids hair care pain and fever medicines for kids stomach remedies teething aids and baby tooth paste vitamins for children beauty acne care acne, blemish care acne cleansing pad acne masks and scrubs acne moisturizers acne pore treatments acne toners, astringents acne wash, acne cleansers cosmetics beauty tools and accessories eye makeup cosmetics face makeup leg makeup lip makeup cosmetics nail care cosmetics fine fragrance fragrances for men gift set tester sprays, mini size perfumes women fragrances lip care canker and cold sore relief lip stick-spf 30 moisturizers skin care acne and blemish care anti aging treatments eye treatments facial skin care product hand soap and sanitizers massagers, massage lotions and oils mens skin care natural skin care nighttime skin care skin cleanser, body moisturizers therapeutic skin care vitamins for skin sun care after sun relief products all sunscreen products anti aging sun care childrens suncare sunblocks and sunscreens - spf 15 sunblocks and sunscreens - spf 20 sunblocks and sunscreens - spf 30 sunblocks and sunscreens - spf 45 + sunless tanning and bronzers tanning lotions, oils and gels nutrition vitamins condition specific supplements aches and pain relievers anti-oxidants bone and joint health supplements diabetic supplements digestive conditions and urinary tract supplements ear improvement supplements eye health supplements fluid restriction and concentrated nutrition healthy skin, hair and nails vitamins heart health immunity build supplements liver health, prostate supplements memory improvement support mood and stress relaxers renal health supplements diet and nutritional supplements diet shake mixes diet supplements diet tea supplements diuretics nutritional and diet drinks nutritional foods and supplements herbal remedies herbs a-d herbs e-g herbs h-p herbs q-z homeopathic remedies homeopathic cough and cold homeopathic analgesics homeopathic dietary supplements homeopathic digestive aids homeopathic first aid homeopathic mood and stress relaxers miscellaneous homeopathic sports nutrition, bars and drinks amino acids creatine energy bars energy drinks protein supplements weight gainers vitamins childrens vitamin health supplements mens vitamin multi vitamins vitamin b prenatal vitamins vitamin a vitamin b vitamin c vitamin d vitamin e vitamins for senior, aged people vitamins womens vitamins minerals and nutrients calcium calcium and fluoride calcium and magnesium calcium complex with vitamin d calcium, magnesium and zinc iron magnesium multi minerals potassium selenium zincweight loss supplementsappetite supplements chromium low carb products salt and sugar substitutes mints chocolates chocolates and candy altoids bag candy box candy chocolate bars dark chocolate bars diabetic candy hard candy lollipops milk chocolate bars mixed candy wafers food and snacks snacks and trail mixes gums and mints gums mints sugar free gums sugar free mints ambulatory incontinence home health care aids to daily living ambulatory aids bathroom products diagnostic products, health monitors exercise and fitness hospital room supplies incontinence product medical nutritionals and iv therapy mobility management ostomy care patient aids for daily living pediatric school chairs and school chair accessories physician supplies urological products wound care hospital room supplies hosiery, stockings, pantyhose and support socks athletic socks casual men support socks casual support socks for women dress support socks for men dress support socks for women foot socks for sensifoot maternity support stockings medical legwear stockings - anti-embolism stockings - below knee stockings - knee high stockings - reinforced heel and toe stockings - sheer toe stockings - thigh high stockings - ultra sheer support stocking accessories support stockings orthopedic elastic supports and braces ankle supports arm sling athletic supports, elastic bandages back and abdominal supports cast and bandage protector cervical supports, pillows and wedges elbow and shoulder supports hernia aid, trusses hot cold therapy knee and shin supports maternity supports post - op shoe supports sacro brace thigh supports wrist and hand support braces, splints respiratory therapy humidifiers, vaporizers and steam inhalers nebulizers and compressors includes ultrasonics and atomizers oxygen cylinders and regulators peak flow meters respiratory accessories cervical supports, pillows and wedges elbow and shoulder supports hernia aid, trusses alternative therapy acupressure magnetic therapy massagers and relaxation otc drugs diabetes cough and cold allergy and sinus asthma, cold medication rubs cold medication, flu medicine cough drops, zinc lozenges cough medications, syrups cough, cold and flu medicine for childrens kids nasal drops, vapor patch etc nasal sprays, drops and inhalers nasal strips, snore relief aids purifiers-humidifiers-vaporizers sore throat medications sugar free medications cough, cold and flu medicine for childrens cough, cold and flu medicine for childrens diabetes care alcohol, alcohol wipes and swabs diabetic glucose monitors diabetic glucose test strips diabetic socks diabetic supplies and medicines foot care in diabetes glucose control solutions insulin products lancets, lancet devices oral glucose sugar free candy, chocolates, gums and mints sweeteners, salt and sugar substitutes urine testing antacids and laxatives antacid granules antacid liquids antacid tablets anti-diarrheal preparations enemas gas relief medicine lactose intolerance medicine laxatives nausea and motion sickness stomach acid reducers stomach remedies for children first aid alcohol, alcohol wipes and swabs antibiotics and antiseptics - topical bandages cold and hot packs disposable gloves and face masks eye washes first aid kits, accessories first aid tape, dressing gauze and pads insect bite and sting relief, poison ivy itch and rash treatments lice treatment products medicinal tongue depressors skin protectants splints, finger cots medicinal tongue depressors surgical dressings thermometer wound management pain and fever arthritis aspirin external pain relief creams, gels, ointments hemorrhoidal preparations hot and cold therapy ibuprofen, acetaminophen, naproxen menstrual and pre-menstrual relief migraine medicine non aspirin pain relievers pain and fever medicines for children pain relief rubs and patches urinary pain relief sedatives and stimulants stimulantssleep aids, remediesstop smoking nicotine patches smoking cessation gums and lozenges home needs pet care cleaners and waxes bathroom cleaners bleach cleaners carpet and floor cleaners disinfectants and cleaners dusters, vacuums fabric and carpet fresheners glass cleaners and wipes kitchen cleaners polishes soaps and detergents toys and games air fresheners, room deodorizers, candles automotive supplies automotive electronics house wares, kitchen needs industrial, alternative medicines insecticides, rodenticides and pesticides electrical and audio adapters, converters and chargers alarm clock radios batteries bluetooth headsets and cellular hands free headsets calculators camcorder accessories cassette and compact disc players- radios- recorders dvd players ipods and ipod accessories lamps, light bulbs, fuses, extension cords, etc. dvd players microphones mobile electronics mp4, mp3 video players and audio players pc accessories remote controls speaker systems, headphones and ear phones telephones and telephone accessories telescopes and binoculars translators and electronic dictionaries video cables video games laundry needs cloth dye fabric softeners irons and garment steamers laundry detergent lint removal stain removers pet and animal supplies pet care photography cameras film photo frames, digital photo frames plastics, foil and paper products school and office paper notebooks binders writing instruments refills seasonal products accessories for swimming shoe polish, shoe laces and accessories personal care deodorants and antiperspirants deodorant aerosol and non-aerosol sprays deodorant creams and others deodorant rollons and gels deodorant sticks and solids shaving and mens grooming aftershave, cologne disposable razors electric razors razors, razor blades shaving creams and lotions shaving skincare, styptic pencils trimmers, scissors foot care all medical socks athletes foot and anti-fungal products blisters bunion pads corn and callus treatments diabetes foot care foot and nail vitamins foot insoles and cushion inserts foot odor and foot wetness foot therapy and moisturizers heel support and arch supports manicure and pedicure wart removal oral hygiene breath remedy, mouth fresheners dental floss, flossers dental toothpicks, other oral care dentures care electric toothbrushes gum stimulator, oral irrigator kids toothbrush, oral care mouthwash, gargle oral medications, pain relief replacement brush heads teeth whitening toothbrushes toothpaste, tooth powder hair care hair appliances and accessories hair care for children hair color hair conditioners hair growth products hair relaxers hair remover products hair styling products home perms and rods mens hair care shampoos ethnic products ethnic hair care ethnic health care ethnic miscellaneous ethnic skin care sexual health family planning condoms female contraceptives home pregnancy test kits ovulation kits sexual enhancers, menopause supplements feminine hygiene douches, douche syringes feminine cleansing cloths feminine deodorants feminine wash maxi pads, sanitary napkins pantiliners sexual enhancers, menopause supplements spermicides and personal lubricants tampons yeast infection medications, itch relief eyes, lenses ear care contact lens care contact lens accessories contact lens cleaners contact lens disinfectants and storage solutions contact lens enzymatic cleaners contact lens rewetting drops contact lens saline solutions contact lens soaking solutions multi-purpose solutions ear care ear plugs, ear planes, ear drops ear syringe ear wax removal eye care allergy relief, redness reliever artificial tears eye drops, gels, ointments eye vitamins eye wash eyeglass wipes and eyelid cleansers eyeglasses repair kit and eyewear cord preservative free eye drops reader glasses, magnifiers, eye patches eye patches, sleep mask magnifiers reader glasses store specials free shipping products gift sets children gifts and toys men gift set trial and travel kits women gift set new products special offers up to 10%off special offers up to 15%off special offers up to 20%off special offers up to 45%off special offers up to 5%off special offers up to 50%off special packs search shopping cart shop by category   chocolates and candyaltoidsbag candybox candychocolate barsdark chocolate barsdiabetic candyhard candylollipopsmilk chocolate barsmixed candywafers  food and snackssnacks and trail mixes  gums and mintsgumsmintssugar free gumssugar free mints americarx.com special gift certificate to appreciate your patronage, we are decided to offer a gift certificate for you. hey, after all it is you ultimately helps our business to grow and succeed. we will send you $1 gift certificate to you when your friend, colleague, neighbor or relative visits our store and signed up for newsletter. you can obtain gift certificate worth of $2 to $10 with minimum purchase of $25. refer a gift certificate to your near and dear once. you give us a referral gift and we give you $1 on this 10th birthday hey, you will get $1 gift certificate when your referral signed up for our newsletter. also, your referral gets $2 coupon code for their subscription. win - win situation for both of you. so, what’s to loose? start referring our website to your near & dear ones and earn gift certificates. redeeming the gift certificate is very easy. shop our site and redeem the gift certificate code we sent to you in email while you checkout. same with your referral, they can redeem their coupon code at their order checkout. note: send the link to your friend to fill the details below. http://www.americarx.com/siteimages/referralprogram.html ask your friend/relative to fill the details below and enjoy our gifts for your next shopping. referrer name : (by whom you are refering from) your referrer e-mail id : your first name : * your last name : * your e-mail id : * • newsletter - exclusive savings • new products & deals • expert suggestions • don't miss a deal subscribe now and get $2 coupon code * for new subscribers only, coupon code will be sent to you by email. check your inbox. terms and conditions refer a gift certificate send a gift certificate to your near and dear one as a special gift. americarx gift certificate makes easy to send a gift to any one. let them pick it. it's always difficult to determine what to purchase, how to purchase and where to purchase items for your loved one, but you can be confident that americarx gift certificate will be simple and convenient to order. americarx.com gift certificates available from $5 to $500. you can get a special gift certificate from $2 to $10 with minimum purchase of $25 from americarx.com, when your lucky recipient receive and fulfill your gift certificate. even you can send a gift certificate to you too. below $75 get $2 below $125 get $5 below $200 get $7 $200 and more get $10 terms and conditions: 1. for redemption. gift certificate must be redeemed through the americarx.com web site, http://www.americarx.com, towards the purchase of eligible products. purchases are deducted from the gift certificates balance. any unused balance will be placed in the recipient's gift certificate account when redeemed. if an order exceeds the amount of the gift certificates, the balance must be paid with a credit card or other available payment method. to redeem or view gift certificates balances, visit "your account" on americarx.com. 2. limitations. gift certificates cannot be redeemed for purchases from third party sellers. gift certificates may not be redeemed for the purchase of products through in-store pickup or at its affiliates, or any other person or entity. - gift certificates cannot be used to purchase other gift cards, such as americarx.com gift certificates or other site gift certificates. - gift certificates cannot be returned, reloaded, resold, transferred for value, redeemed for cash or applied to any other account, except to the extent required by law. unused gift certificate balances in an americarx account may not be transferred. 3. read our policies. gift certificates and their use on the americarx.com web site are subject to americarx.com's general conditions of use and privacy notice. americarx.com may provide gift certificate purchasers with information about the redemption status of gift certificates. 4. risk of loss. the risk of loss and title for gift certificates pass to the purchaser upon our electronic transmission to the recipient or delivery to the carrier, whichever is applicable. we are not responsible if a gift certificate is lost, stolen, destroyed or used without your permission. if you have any questions, please see the gift certificate help pages or email us. 5. fraud. americarx.com will have the right to close customer accounts and request alternative forms of payment if a fraudulently obtained gift certificate is redeemed or used to make purchases. 6. limitation of liability. darisi, inc. ("d/b/a.americarx.com") and its affiliates make no warranties, express or implied, with respect to gift certificates, including without limitation, any express or implied warranty of merchantability or fitness for a particular purpose. in the event a gift certificates code is non-functional, your sole remedy, and our sole liability, shall be the replacement of such gift certificates. certain state laws do not allow limitations on implied warranties or the exclusion or limitation of certain damages. if these laws apply to you, some or all of the above disclaimers, exclusions, or limitations may not apply to you, and you might have additional rights. 7. disputes. any dispute relating in any way to americarx.com gift certificates in which the aggregate total claim for relief sought on behalf of one or more parties exceeds $7,500 shall be adjudicated in any state or federal court in elmhurst, new york, and you consent to exclusive jurisdiction and venue in such courts. 8. general terms. americarx.com gift certificates are issued by darisi inc.,a newyork corporation. when you purchase, receive or redeem an americarx.com gift certificate, you agree that the laws of the state of newyork, without regard to principles of conflict of laws, will govern these gift certificate terms and conditions. darisi inc., reserves the right to change these terms and conditions from time to time in its discretion. all terms and conditions are applicable to the extent permitted by law. note: * gift certificate code redemption will works only if you place an order with americarx.com and valid with this email id only. so please do not use any email id other than this. * one gift certificate code is valid for one order only. you can redeem only one gift code at a time. *terms & conditions apply. health and beauty brands: a b c d e f g h i j k l m n o p q r s t u v w x y z # company information shipping policy return policy privacy policy tax policy affiliate program referral program deals and offers up to 50% offer special packs gift sets free shipping products gift guide offers winners page help contact us order tracking payment options shipping options sitemap order by phone: 1-800-361-2084 your account your orders your wish list your subscriptions your dollars club accepted payment methods product descriptions and images presented on the site are for representational use only and do not constitute or substitute for medical information from your health care or medical professional. information on this site is provided for informational purposes only. you should read carefully all on correct product packaging and follow the instructions. if you have or suspect that you have a medical problem, promptly contact your health care provider. information and statements regarding dietary supplements on this site have not been evaluated by the food and drug administration and are not intended to diagnose, treat, cure, or prevent any disease and may be for commercial. image shown for reference only. actual item you recieve may differ from shown. copyright © 2008 . all rights reserved by americarx.com health and beauty terms & conditions