来源URL: https://web.archive.org/web/20131231210501/http://www.bigfishgames.com/games-youll-love/
================================================================================

download games you'll love | big fish games oops! we noticed you don't have javascript enabled. please enable javascript in your browser to view our site properly. show me how big fish games a new game every day!® sign in cart community blog game walkthroughs game forums collections help pc games pc games home new releases pc games top pc games by genre top 100 pc games top-rated pc games games you'll love search pc games browse by genre: hidden object time management match 3 casino adventure puzzle family arcade & action card & board strategy mahjong brain teaser marble popper word mac games mac games home new releases mac games top mac games by genre top 100 mac games top-rated mac games games you'll love search mac games browse by genre: hidden object time management match 3 casino adventure puzzle family arcade & action card & board strategy mahjong brain teaser marble popper word online games online games home new releases online games browse by genre: hidden object casino time management match 3 adventure puzzle arcade & action strategy card & board brain teaser marble popper word mahjong family ipad & iphone games android games bookmark sign in now for personalized games you'll love recommendations. sign in now hunt for hidden objects and solve puzzles: gardenscapes: mansion makeover™ welcome back to gardenscapes! turn the hall into a masterpiece! buy nowget the full version play nowdownload the free trial free 1 hour trial criminal minds join an elite team of fbi profilers who analyze the country's most twisted criminal minds! buy nowget the full version play nowdownload the free trial free 1 hour trial murder, she wrote 2: return to cabot cove take on the role of beloved murder-mystery writer jessica fletcher and return to lovely (but lethal) cabot cove! buy nowget the full version play nowdownload the free trial free sample version found: a hidden object adventure after a crash landing, you find yourself stranded on a secret island. as you explore you will meet pirates, discover ruins and so much more in this thrilling hidden object puzzle adventure! buy nowget the full version play nowdownload the free trial free 1 hour trial fairly twisted tales: the price of a rose to save her father, bella vowed to stay with the beast, but is he truly evil? help bella follow her heart! buy nowget the full version play nowdownload the free trial free sample version lake house: children of silence dark things bubble to the surface when the past invades the present! buy nowget the full version play nowdownload the free trial free sample version amaranthine voyage: the tree of life after finding an artifact, you're whisked away to a dying world. can you save it from the darkness? buy nowget the full version play nowdownload the free trial free sample version dark parables: the exiled prince investigate the disappearance of the chancellor's daughter and uncover the long lost kingdom of the exiled frog prince! buy nowget the full version play nowdownload the free trial free sample version house of 1000 doors: the palm of zoroaster guide kate reed as she searches for the artifacts that can break the power of a cursed gem in house of 1,000 doors: the palm of zoroaster! buy nowget the full version play nowdownload the free trial free sample version fairy tale mysteries: the puppet thief the brothers grimm have assigned the task of revealing the truth behind missing children in the town of arbourshire; it is up to you to discover the secrets of the fairy tale mystery, before it is too late. buy nowget the full version play nowdownload the free trial free sample version sable maze: sullivan river unearth your forgotten childhood memories to reveal the secret of the ancient labyrinth. buy nowget the full version play nowdownload the free trial free sample version haunted halls: fears from childhood explore dr. blackmores latest experiment in a haunted halls: fears from childhood, a terrifying hidden object puzzle adventure game! buy nowget the full version play nowdownload the free trial free sample version puppetshow: destiny undone a wonderful story of the citizens of joyville. can you change their destiny? you will see – nothing is impossible. buy nowget the full version play nowdownload the free trial free sample version reality show: fatal shot after a man is murdered on a hit reality tv show, you are called in to uncover the truth behind the crime. buy nowget the full version play nowdownload the free trial free sample version phantasmat: crucible peak a disastrous avalanche... an evacuation... did anyone survive? the ski trip you've dreamed of for so long turns into a nightmare. buy nowget the full version play nowdownload the free trial free sample version spirits of mystery: the dark minotaur find out who stole your magic animals, and reveal the secret of the dark minotaur. buy nowget the full version play nowdownload the free trial free sample version phenomenon: meteorite discover the secrets of your family's past on a mystical island! buy nowget the full version play nowdownload the free trial free 1 hour trial sacra terra: kiss of death experience a story about love so strong, it can overcome the most powerful evil! explore visually stunning mystical dimensions and rescue your fiance! buy nowget the full version play nowdownload the free trial free sample version forbidden secrets: alien town investigate strange goings-on in the eerie town of fort nightingale! buy nowget the full version play nowdownload the free trial free sample version dark alleys: penumbra motel rescue a young girl from the penumbra motel. solve puzzles, unravel a long standing mystery of death and disappearances in this heart-pounding adventure game! buy nowget the full version play nowdownload the free trial free sample version tesla's tower: the wardenclyffe mystery in a fading world devoid of color, the ghost of nikola tesla reaches through the ether and invites you on an incredible adventure through time and space. buy nowget the full version play nowdownload the free trial free sample version tiger eye: the sacrifice in this adventurous romance, outwit powerful villains and break an evil curse inflicted upon your love, hari, while saving your best friend’s life! buy nowget the full version play nowdownload the free trial free sample version antique mysteries: secrets of howard's mansion unlock the secret rooms in the howard’s mansion and restore a precious antique collection hidden there. buy nowget the full version play nowdownload the free trial free 1 hour trial curse at twilight: thief of souls after being summoned to a mysterious manor, you must unravel the story of an ancient evil and discover your destiny before its too late! buy nowget the full version play nowdownload the free trial free 1 hour trial sarah maribu and the lost world sarah maribu is off to explore an island full of dinosaurs! upon arrival, her husband michael is kidnapped and must be saved! buy nowget the full version play nowdownload the free trial free 1 hour trial dark tales: edgar allan poe's the gold bug dupin needs your help solving the mystery of the gold bug. crack the codes and follow the clues to one man's obsession with an old legend. buy nowget the full version play nowdownload the free trial free sample version nightmare realm: in the end... when your daughter, emily, is taken over by a mysterious force, you must travel to the nightmare realm to search for a cure. but nothing could have prepared you for what you find there… buy nowget the full version play nowdownload the free trial free sample version the lake house: children of silence collector's edition long-forgotten memories bubble to the surface when the past invades the present in the collector's edition of lake house: children of silence! buy nowget the full version play nowdownload the free trial free sample version mysteries of the mind: coma fight your way out of a coma by exploring your deepest memories! buy nowget the full version play nowdownload the free trial free 1 hour trial haunted halls: revenge of doctor blackmore prepare for a mind-bending journey into the realm of the weird in haunted halls: revenge of dr. blackmore! brace yourself for the unexpected in this exciting hidden object adventure! buy nowget the full version play nowdownload the free trial free sample version see all hidden object games manage resources and beat the clock: hobby farm jill’s dream has finally come true! she has her very own farm on her very own island. harvest exotic fruits in hobby farm! buy nowget the full version play nowdownload the free trial free 1 hour trial burger rush aspiring chef heidi is convinced burgers can be fine cuisine - help her serve patties in this time management whopper. buy nowget the full version play nowdownload the free trial free 1 hour trial megaplex madness 2: summer blockbuster help put together 5 different theaters and create your very own megaplex! keep your customers happy and succeed! buy nowget the full version play nowdownload the free trial free 1 hour trial fitness bustle: energy boost develop the nationwide chain of fitness centers to make people happier and healthier! buy nowget the full version play nowdownload the free trial free 1 hour trial monument builders: titanic relive the great moments of the creation of the legendary titanic and be a part of its incredible story! buy nowget the full version play nowdownload the free trial free 1 hour trial busy bea's halftime hustle busy bea has been brought in to fix blunderton’s stadiums! help out the sports fans in this fun time management game! buy nowget the full version play nowdownload the free trial free 1 hour trial puppy stylin` compete in dog shows, and word of your skill will take you to the biggest competitions around! can you master puppy stylin`? buy nowget the full version play nowdownload the free trial free 1 hour trial stand o'food this exhilarating arcade game challenges you to feed a host of hungry patrons before they leave in a huff! buy nowget the full version play nowdownload the free trial free 1 hour trial be richer earn your riches in the real estate market in this time management game. construct whole neighborhoods in be richer! buy nowget the full version play nowdownload the free trial free 1 hour trial bettys beer bar help barmaid betty earn enough money to leave her dreary workplace behind and open her dream bar in the caribbean islands! buy nowget the full version play nowdownload the free trial free 1 hour trial roads of rome ii take up new tricky tasks and overcome challenges in roads of rome 2, a game that combines strategy and time management gameplay! buy nowget the full version play nowdownload the free trial free 1 hour trial burger shop 2 use the burgertron2000 contraption to create tasty food items for hungry customers in this fast-paced food making game! buy nowget the full version play nowdownload the free trial free 1 hour trial my life story survive the ordeals of modern day life as you strive toward the career of your dreams in my life story, a fun builder game! buy nowget the full version play nowdownload the free trial free 1 hour trial cake mania 3 jill`s family has been zapped through time and only she can help find them in time for her own dream wedding! buy nowget the full version play nowdownload the free trial free 1 hour trial posh boutique 2 after winning the lottery, alicia has decided to take her posh boutique to the next level and upgrade her amazing store! buy nowget the full version play nowdownload the free trial free 1 hour trial jojo's fashion show make stylish outfits from tops, dresses, accessories and more as you model your fashion sense on runways from new york to paris! buy nowget the full version play nowdownload the free trial free 1 hour trial farm frenzy 3 manage five different farms around the world, as you try your hand at penguin breeding and jewelry making in farm frenzy 3! buy nowget the full version play nowdownload the free trial free 1 hour trial hell's kitchen enter the fiery double doors of hell`s kitchen where gordon ramsay rates your time-management cooking skills. buy nowget the full version play nowdownload the free trial free 1 hour trial build-a-lot: the elizabethan era travel back in time to queen elizabeths kingdom where challenging fun rules the realm. take on a host of new adventures! buy nowget the full version play nowdownload the free trial free 1 hour trial my tribe create a prosperous island paradise for your industrious, intelligent tribe with this real-time brain teaser! buy nowget the full version play nowdownload the free trial free 1 hour trial airport mania: first flight take control of the control tower at the local airport and keep the planes on schedule in this high-flying time management game. buy nowget the full version play nowdownload the free trial free 1 hour trial new yankee in santa's service find santa's missing reindeer to avoid a yuletide cancellation! buy nowget the full version play nowdownload the free trial free 1 hour trial fisher's family farm farm fish from all around the world, and help keep fishers family farm afloat, in this fast-paced time management game! buy nowget the full version play nowdownload the free trial free 1 hour trial burger bustle: ellie's organics help ellie get ahead in the restaurant business as you prepare delicious food, keep customers happy, and open a chain of organic burger restaurants all over the world! buy nowget the full version play nowdownload the free trial free 1 hour trial wedding salon holly runs a chain of wedding salons, and your job is to help her develop it, while providing top-notch customer service! buy nowget the full version play nowdownload the free trial free 1 hour trial jo's dream organic coffee 2 help jo open a new coffee shop and win the grand prize at the prestigious coffee festival! buy nowget the full version play nowdownload the free trial free 1 hour trial northern tale 2 defeat a great evil threatening the vikings and help the king restore his domain to its former glory. buy nowget the full version play nowdownload the free trial free 1 hour trial flower stand tycoon step in and save your uncle pott's flower business by selling bulbs around town in this time management game. buy nowget the full version play nowdownload the free trial free 1 hour trial ranch rush 2 - sara's island experiment sara is back in a new exotic adventure! design and decorate your ranch and corral exotic animals in this time management game. buy nowget the full version play nowdownload the free trial free 1 hour trial build-a-lot become a real estate mogul and take over the housing market! construct, upgrade and sell houses for huge profits! buy nowget the full version play nowdownload the free trial free 1 hour trial see all time management games more fun games to try: syberia - part 1 search a mysterious estate and find a brilliant and mysterious inventor in syberia, part 1! experience the first part of this incredible trilogy! buy nowget the full version play nowdownload the free trial free 1 hour trial syberia ii the story continues on a train headed east, as kate walker and hans voralberg search for a mysterious island known as syberia. buy nowget the full version sorry, no trial version available. azada: elementa azada's saga continues when its precious elements are stolen! buy nowget the full version play nowdownload the free trial free sample version restaurant rush the long-awaited sequel to burger rush is here! help heidi open her own cooking school to create flavorful dishes in this match 3 mix. buy nowget the full version play nowdownload the free trial free 1 hour trial syberia - part 3 kate and oscar are getting closer to the end of their trip, but are now blocked in komkolzgrad, an industrial town. buy nowget the full version play nowdownload the free trial free 1 hour trial bob the builder - can do zoo join bob`s can-do team and help build a new zoo so all the animals in town can have a place to live. buy nowget the full version play nowdownload the free trial free 1 hour trial heroes from the past: joan of arc take a journey through medieval times. help joan of arc to build a new kingdom and change the fate of the people in this epic story of honor and courage. buy nowget the full version play nowdownload the free trial free 1 hour trial syberia - part 2 as kate and oscar continue their journey they find themselves blocked in the mysterious university town of barrockstadt! buy nowget the full version play nowdownload the free trial free 1 hour trial ghost whisperer™ join melinda gordon in helping ghosts with unfinished business. buy nowget the full version play nowdownload the free trial free 1 hour trial hodgepodge hollow travel to hodgepodge hollow and learn the time-honored profession of magical potion creation in this fun hidden object game! buy nowget the full version play nowdownload the free trial free 1 hour trial plants vs zombies think fast, and plant faster, to stem a zombie attack! save your home, and your brains, in this exciting action/arcade game! buy nowget the full version play nowdownload the free trial free 1 hour trial putt-putt saves the zoo putt-putt and pep need your child's help to reunite the little ones with their parents before outback al can open the zoo gates. buy nowget the full version play nowdownload the free trial free 1 hour trial zuma deluxe play the best-selling action puzzler that is simple to learn, but deceptively difficult to master. are you up to the challenge? buy nowget the full version play nowdownload the free trial free 1 hour trial chicken rush it's high time for chickens to avenge themselves against the hungry gluttons who've been tormenting these peaceful creatures for centuries. buy nowget the full version play nowdownload the free trial free 1 hour trial family feud: battle of the sexes prepare to have all the questions you’ve ever had about the opposite sex answered in family feud battle of the sexes! buy nowget the full version play nowdownload the free trial free 1 hour trial fairway™ spend some time on the fairway and take on challenging courses! try to stay under par in this amazing card game! buy nowget the full version play nowdownload the free trial free 1 hour trial insaniquarium! deluxe dive right into this crazy aquarium. the water's fine in this action puzzle! buy nowget the full version play nowdownload the free trial free 1 hour trial the path of hercules pay homage to the dieties by restoring ancient artifacts in this unique hidden object and match-3 adventure! buy nowget the full version play nowdownload the free trial free 1 hour trial bejeweled 3 escape to the biggest, brightest bejeweled ever! discover all-new ways to play the world's #1 puzzle game! buy nowget the full version play nowdownload the free trial free 1 hour trial farmscapes help joe restore his ranch! breathe in new life into a formerly prosperous farm in farmscapes, a fun match 3 game! buy nowget the full version play nowdownload the free trial free 1 hour trial tumblebugs there's a battle brewing in the backyard and only you can save the day! tumblebugs is the hit action-puzzler in which black bugs are rounding up and trapping the peaceful tumblebugs underground. buy nowget the full version play nowdownload the free trial free 1 hour trial cradle of egypt explore the lands of the pharaohs and the cradle of egypt! enjoy the miraculous constructions in this awesome match 3 game! buy nowget the full version play nowdownload the free trial free 1 hour trial hidden wonders of the depths 2 use your match 3 skills to help your crab explore the world! clear a path to the treasure chest every level to travel the globe! buy nowget the full version play nowdownload the free trial free 1 hour trial scrabble the fantastically fun crossword game is now specially designed for your pc or mac! buy nowget the full version play nowdownload the free trial free 1 hour trial bookworm deluxe link letters and build words to earn big points in this wild word puzzler for all ages. buy nowget the full version play nowdownload the free trial free 1 hour trial fishdom 2 dive into awesome match 3 fun in fishdom 2! swap colorful tiles and earn money to create the aquarium of your dreams! buy nowget the full version play nowdownload the free trial free 1 hour trial risk draft! attack! fortify! enjoy the classic look and fun of risk™ in an exciting new interactive experience. play two ways as you strategize and set out to conquer the world! buy nowget the full version play nowdownload the free trial free 1 hour trial mahjong towers eternity ™ customize your boards, enjoy three different gameplay modes, and chat with players using in-game messaging! buy nowget the full version play nowdownload the free trial free 1 hour trial life quest 2 move to metropoville and begin a 12 step life quest program! find a new rewarding career in this incredible strategy game! buy nowget the full version play nowdownload the free trial free 1 hour trial bus driver transport passengers following a planned route according to a timetable and learn the basics of professional driving! buy nowget the full version play nowdownload the free trial free 1 hour trial see our top games by genre how are the games above chosen? it's easy to play games at big fish games: choose any game download the free trial and play it for 1 hour. play free try as many games as you want. there's no limit! have fun! love a game? upgrade to the full version for endless fun. 6 great reasons you'll love big fish games thousands of games you can play free whether you love a great storyline, exciting action, or challenging puzzles, we have a game for you. with a new game every day!®, there's always something new. premier customer service we want you to have the best experience while you play and shop with us. our customer support team is available 7 days a week for questions or issues. exclusive games you won't find anywhere else we partner with game developers to bring you the best games, first. enjoy best-selling games like mystery case files® and drawn®. the best value in addition to our everyday low prices, save more with big fish game club, our monthly membership. members save at least 30% on every game and get exclusive benefits. safe and secure game downloads every game download is quality tested, so your computer is always safe with us. no viruses, no ads, no spyware. ever! game manager our handy app helps you organize and track your games. see how much time you have left to play free at a glance. what our customers have to say: well, i spent my time wisely when i got home. i played big fish games and yes, the fixes worked. thank you so very much....big fish customer support should serve as a role model for every company. carol river vale, nj apr. 11, 2011 see more testimonials find more games: home page search new releases top 100 top genres hidden object games time management games match 3 games mahjong games farm games tycoon games mystery games adventure games dress up games more game genres popular games big fish casino mystery case files ®: dire grove ™ my singing monsters plants vs. zombies zuma deluxe gardenscapes burger shop 2 bejeweled 2 deluxe ways to play pc games mac games online games iphone / ipad games android games check us out on: facebooktwitter get the latest games, special offers, and more! sign up today connect with us blog | game walkthroughs | game forums get help customer support | site map | privacy policy | terms of use company info about us | press room | careers | submit games | affiliate program our global sites dansk | deutsch | english | español | français | italiano | nederlands | português | svenska | русский | 日本語 © 2014, big fish games, inc. sign in or create an account. i am a new customer i already have a big fish account processing... forgot your password? secure form sign in or create an account. i am a new customer i already have a big fish account processing... by clicking "create account," you agree to the big fish terms of use and privacy policy. we respect your privacy and never sell or share your information. secure form choose your username your username will be displayed on your review. pick a username you like and can share with others. your username is permanent and yours forever. processing... secure form forgot your password? enter the email address you use for your big fish account. we'll email you a temporary password. need help? processing... cancel secure form