来源URL: https://web.archive.org/web/20141231175625/http://www.bigfishgames.com/games-youll-love/
================================================================================

download games you'll love | big fish games oops! we noticed you don't have javascript enabled. please enable javascript in your browser to view our site properly. show me how big fish games a new game every day!® sign in cart community blog game walkthroughs game forums home collections help pc games pc games home new releases pc games top pc games by genre top 100 pc games top-rated pc games games you'll love search pc games browse by genre: hidden object time management match 3 casino adventure puzzle family arcade & action card & board strategy mahjong brain teaser marble popper word mac games mac games home new releases mac games top mac games by genre top 100 mac games top-rated mac games games you'll love search mac games browse by genre: hidden object time management match 3 casino adventure puzzle family arcade & action card & board strategy mahjong brain teaser marble popper word online games online games home new releases online games browse by genre: hidden object casino time management match 3 adventure puzzle arcade & action strategy card & board brain teaser marble popper word mahjong family ipad & iphone games ipad & iphone games home all ipad games all iphone games all ipad & iphone games browse by genre: hidden object casino card & board arcade & action time management match 3 puzzle adventure mahjong marble popper strategy word android games android games home all amazon appstore games all google play games all android games browse by genre: hidden object casino card & board arcade & action time management match 3 puzzle adventure mahjong marble popper strategy bookmark sign in now for personalized games you'll love recommendations. sign in now hunt for hidden objects and solve puzzles: criminal minds join an elite team of fbi profilers who analyze the country's most twisted criminal minds! buy nowget the full version play nowdownload the free trial free 1 hour trial murder, she wrote 2: return to cabot cove take on the role of beloved murder-mystery writer jessica fletcher and return to lovely (but lethal) cabot cove! buy nowget the full version play nowdownload the free trial free sample version curse at twilight: thief of souls after being summoned to a mysterious manor, you must unravel the story of an ancient evil and discover your destiny before its too late! buy nowget the full version play nowdownload the free trial free 1 hour trial found: a hidden object adventure after a crash landing, you find yourself stranded on a secret island. as you explore you will meet pirates, discover ruins and so much more in this thrilling hidden object puzzle adventure! buy nowget the full version play nowdownload the free trial free 1 hour trial serpent of isis: your journey continues find the tomb of isis and finish the search that robert's grandpa started! travel the globe and find clues that will help you! buy nowget the full version play nowdownload the free trial free sample version dark parables: the exiled prince investigate the disappearance of the chancellor's daughter and uncover the long lost kingdom of the exiled frog prince! buy nowget the full version play nowdownload the free trial free sample version house of 1000 doors: the palm of zoroaster guide kate reed as she searches for the artifacts that can break the power of a cursed gem in house of 1,000 doors: the palm of zoroaster! buy nowget the full version play nowdownload the free trial free sample version puppetshow: destiny undone a wonderful story of the citizens of joyville. can you change their destiny? you will see – nothing is impossible. buy nowget the full version play nowdownload the free trial free sample version spirits of mystery: the dark minotaur find out who stole your magic animals, and reveal the secret of the dark minotaur. buy nowget the full version play nowdownload the free trial free sample version phenomenon: meteorite discover the secrets of your family's past on a mystical island! buy nowget the full version play nowdownload the free trial free 1 hour trial dark tales: edgar allan poe's the gold bug dupin needs your help solving the mystery of the gold bug. crack the codes and follow the clues to one man's obsession with an old legend. buy nowget the full version play nowdownload the free trial free sample version the lake house: children of silence collector's edition long-forgotten memories bubble to the surface when the past invades the present in the collector's edition of lake house: children of silence! buy nowget the full version play nowdownload the free trial free sample version shadow wolf mysteries: bane of the family return to the de la fer estate to help the count unravel the curse that has been passed down through his family! buy nowget the full version play nowdownload the free trial free sample version the secrets of arcelia island unravel the secrets of arcelia island as you, your father, and a small crew set off on this dangerous expedition! buy nowget the full version play nowdownload the free trial free sample version reincarnations: uncover the past jane and dr. herzle have made a breakthrough in reincarnation studies but their hard work is compromised when jane is kidnapped! buy nowget the full version play nowdownload the free trial free 1 hour trial lost tales: forgotten souls rescue your daughter from the clutches of the evil emma! buy nowget the full version play nowdownload the free trial free 1 hour trial grim facade: the cost of jealousy a simple murder investigation in spain becomes a puzzling whodunit filled with intrigue. buy nowget the full version play nowdownload the free trial free sample version vampire legends: the true story of kisilova collector's edition vampire legends: the true story of kisilova collector’s edition is an incredible adventure based on the true story of the first documented case of vampirism ever! buy nowget the full version play nowdownload the free trial free sample version amaranthine voyage: the tree of life after finding an artifact, you're whisked away to a dying world. can you save it from the darkness? buy nowget the full version play nowdownload the free trial free sample version lake house: children of silence dark things bubble to the surface when the past invades the present! buy nowget the full version play nowdownload the free trial free sample version reality show: fatal shot after a man is murdered on a hit reality tv show, you are called in to uncover the truth behind the crime. buy nowget the full version play nowdownload the free trial free sample version fairy tale mysteries: the puppet thief the brothers grimm have assigned the task of revealing the truth behind missing children in the town of arbourshire; it is up to you to discover the secrets of the fairy tale mystery, before it is too late. buy nowget the full version play nowdownload the free trial free sample version fairly twisted tales: the price of a rose to save her father, bella vowed to stay with the beast, but is he truly evil? help bella follow her heart! buy nowget the full version play nowdownload the free trial free sample version gothic fiction: dark saga rescue your daughter, hannah, from the clutches of an evil witch before it's too late in this chilling hidden object adventure game! buy nowget the full version play nowdownload the free trial free sample version tiger eye: the sacrifice in this adventurous romance, outwit powerful villains and break an evil curse inflicted upon your love, hari, while saving your best friend’s life! buy nowget the full version play nowdownload the free trial free sample version dark strokes: sins of the fathers guide ethan black as he attempts to rescue his bride-to-be from a terrifying menace known as the faceless ones! buy nowget the full version play nowdownload the free trial free sample version nick chase and the deadly diamond nick chase is back in an all-new adventure! after a mysterious package arrives at his favorite bar, nick has a new case! buy nowget the full version play nowdownload the free trial free 1 hour trial the mystery of the crystal portal embark on a brain-bending adventure that's full of unique hidden object fun! help nicole rankwist find her missing father! buy nowget the full version play nowdownload the free trial free 1 hour trial the lost cases of sherlock holmes enter the world of sherlock holmes and solve a variety of mystery and mini-games to crack the case in this layered hidden object game. buy nowget the full version play nowdownload the free trial free 1 hour trial mystery case files: dire grove, sacred grove a deadly secret lurks in the woods of dire grove! buy nowget the full version play nowdownload the free trial free sample version see all hidden object games manage resources and beat the clock: hobby farm jill’s dream has finally come true! she has her very own farm on her very own island. harvest exotic fruits in hobby farm! buy nowget the full version play nowdownload the free trial free 1 hour trial fairy maids even the happiest of storybook creatures have their messy habits and dirty laundry. become the cleaning fairy! buy nowget the full version play nowdownload the free trial free 1 hour trial grave mania: undead fever after the dead start to rise, funeraria loca sees their funeral parlor business go down the tubes! find a new way to put them to rest! buy nowget the full version play nowdownload the free trial free 1 hour trial megaplex madness 2: summer blockbuster help put together 5 different theaters and create your very own megaplex! keep your customers happy and succeed! buy nowget the full version play nowdownload the free trial free 1 hour trial build-a-lot: the elizabethan era travel back in time to queen elizabeths kingdom where challenging fun rules the realm. take on a host of new adventures! buy nowget the full version play nowdownload the free trial free 1 hour trial farm frenzy get a load of the crazy country life in farm frenzy, a super-fun arcade game that lets you show old macdonald how it`s done! buy nowget the full version play nowdownload the free trial free 1 hour trial top chef sharpen your kitchen knives and dive into a frenzied culinary competition in this tantalizing time management game! buy nowget the full version play nowdownload the free trial free 1 hour trial northern tale 4 unravel the web of intrigues against the vikings and bring peace to their lands! buy nowget the full version play nowdownload the free trial free 1 hour trial jessica's cupcake cafe help jessica transform her aunt's failing old bakery into a complete success. get jessica's cupcake cafe up and running! buy nowget the full version play nowdownload the free trial free 1 hour trial cake mania 3 jill`s family has been zapped through time and only she can help find them in time for her own dream wedding! buy nowget the full version play nowdownload the free trial free 1 hour trial my tribe create a prosperous island paradise for your industrious, intelligent tribe with this real-time brain teaser! buy nowget the full version play nowdownload the free trial free 1 hour trial burger shop 2 use the burgertron2000 contraption to create tasty food items for hungry customers in this fast-paced food making game! buy nowget the full version play nowdownload the free trial free 1 hour trial delicious: emily's new beginning collector's edition after living on a pink cloud for over a year emily decides to reopen emily's place! buy nowget the full version play nowdownload the free trial free 1 hour trial moai: build your dream restore a ravaged island to its former glory! buy nowget the full version play nowdownload the free trial free 1 hour trial sally's spa relax and refresh in sally’s spa and melt away the stress by giving your customers facials, hot stones massages and much more! buy nowget the full version play nowdownload the free trial free 1 hour trial dr. daisy pet vet help dr. daisy nurse her furry and feathered friends back to health by diagnosing and healing them as quickly as possible. buy nowget the full version play nowdownload the free trial free 1 hour trial royal envoy: campaign for the crown king or swindler? who will be the new ruler of the kingdom? buy nowget the full version play nowdownload the free trial free 1 hour trial spa mania 2 help jade travel across the country and make her spas more efficient and eco-friendly in this exciting time management game! buy nowget the full version play nowdownload the free trial free 1 hour trial cake mania jill recently graduated from culinary school and is now facing the task of saving her family's bakery. help her make it! buy nowget the full version play nowdownload the free trial free 1 hour trial gardens inc.: from rakes to riches become a garden master and win the gardening challenge to save jill's grandparents' home from demolition in this colorful time management game. buy nowget the full version play nowdownload the free trial free 1 hour trial alice greenfingers build your own garden of flowers and vegetables then go to the market and sell your goods in this intriguing sim game. buy nowget the full version play nowdownload the free trial free 1 hour trial style quest help stella build her stylish shop from a simple corner store to a five-star luxury boutique! buy nowget the full version play nowdownload the free trial free 1 hour trial jenny's fish shop raise everything from hound sharks to anglers as you construct beautiful tank interiors in this time management challenge. buy nowget the full version play nowdownload the free trial free 1 hour trial nanny mania 2 become the nanny of a famous hollywood couple in this mad-dash time management adventure. buy nowget the full version play nowdownload the free trial free 1 hour trial be rich build the biggest real estate company in the nation. construct houses, mansions, stadiums, entire neighborhoods! buy nowget the full version play nowdownload the free trial free 1 hour trial cake shop 3 open up cake shops around the world as you expand your global empire in this fast-paced time management game! buy nowget the full version play nowdownload the free trial free sample version island tribe help the settlers reach the ocean before the great volcano strikes its final blow and hot lava gulps the island down! buy nowget the full version play nowdownload the free trial free 1 hour trial fisher's family farm farm fish from all around the world, and help keep fishers family farm afloat, in this fast-paced time management game! buy nowget the full version play nowdownload the free trial free 1 hour trial rescue team 4 mother nature is no match for the courageous men and women of the rescue team! buy nowget the full version play nowdownload the free trial free 1 hour trial roads of rome iii stop the invading barbarian forces and restore the settlements and broken roads in roads of rome 3, a fun strategy game! buy nowget the full version play nowdownload the free trial free 1 hour trial see all time management games more fun games to try: syberia - part 1 search a mysterious estate and find a brilliant and mysterious inventor in syberia, part 1! experience the first part of this incredible trilogy! buy nowget the full version play nowdownload the free trial free 1 hour trial syberia ii the story continues on a train headed east, as kate walker and hans voralberg search for a mysterious island known as syberia. buy nowget the full version sorry, no trial version available. heroes from the past: joan of arc take a journey through medieval times. help joan of arc to build a new kingdom and change the fate of the people in this epic story of honor and courage. buy nowget the full version play nowdownload the free trial free 1 hour trial restaurant rush the long-awaited sequel to burger rush is here! help heidi open her own cooking school to create flavorful dishes in this match 3 mix. buy nowget the full version play nowdownload the free trial free 1 hour trial azada: elementa azada's saga continues when its precious elements are stolen! buy nowget the full version play nowdownload the free trial free sample version syberia - part 3 kate and oscar are getting closer to the end of their trip, but are now blocked in komkolzgrad, an industrial town. buy nowget the full version play nowdownload the free trial free 1 hour trial ghost whisperer™ join melinda gordon in helping ghosts with unfinished business. buy nowget the full version play nowdownload the free trial free 1 hour trial hodgepodge hollow travel to hodgepodge hollow and learn the time-honored profession of magical potion creation in this fun hidden object game! buy nowget the full version play nowdownload the free trial free 1 hour trial escape from paradise 2: a kingdom's quest help your hero marry their true love by becoming the chief of the tribe! collect wood and build shelters as you attempt to survive. buy nowget the full version play nowdownload the free trial free 1 hour trial scrabble the fantastically fun crossword game is now specially designed for your pc or mac! buy nowget the full version play nowdownload the free trial free 1 hour trial bookworm deluxe link letters and build words to earn big points in this wild word puzzler for all ages. buy nowget the full version play nowdownload the free trial free 1 hour trial bejeweled 3 escape to the biggest, brightest bejeweled ever! discover all-new ways to play the world's #1 puzzle game! buy nowget the full version play nowdownload the free trial free 1 hour trial nancy drew: the final scene when a friend gets kidnapped in a historic theater, you, as nancy drew, are plunged into a desperate race against the clock! buy nowget the full version play nowdownload the free trial free 1 hour trial nancy drew: secret of the scarlet hand help nancy drew solve the ancient secret behind a thief`s scarlet handprint. follow long-buried secrets and solve the mystery! buy nowget the full version sorry, no trial version available. monopoly ® build your fortune as you buy, sell and trade the world’s most famous properties. it’s classic monopolyfun! buy nowget the full version play nowdownload the free trial free 1 hour trial zuma deluxe play the best-selling action puzzler that is simple to learn, but deceptively difficult to master. are you up to the challenge? buy nowget the full version play nowdownload the free trial free 1 hour trial nancy drew: warnings at waverly academy go undercover at a prestigious girls’ boarding school to discover the culprit behind threatening notes and dangerous accidents! buy nowget the full version sorry, no trial version available. word u enroll at word u and spell words to get rid of the letters that are overrunning the library! buy nowget the full version play nowdownload the free trial free 1 hour trial plants vs zombies think fast, and plant faster, to stem a zombie attack! save your home, and your brains, in this exciting action/arcade game! buy nowget the full version play nowdownload the free trial free 1 hour trial bus driver transport passengers following a planned route according to a timetable and learn the basics of professional driving! buy nowget the full version play nowdownload the free trial free 1 hour trial fairway™ spend some time on the fairway and take on challenging courses! try to stay under par in this amazing card game! buy nowget the full version play nowdownload the free trial free 1 hour trial life quest 2 move to metropoville and begin a 12 step life quest program! find a new rewarding career in this incredible strategy game! buy nowget the full version play nowdownload the free trial free 1 hour trial family feud: battle of the sexes prepare to have all the questions you’ve ever had about the opposite sex answered in family feud battle of the sexes! buy nowget the full version play nowdownload the free trial free 1 hour trial alchemy quest an explosion destroyed your magical alchemy laboratory! rebuild it by unlocking the mysterious ingredients you need in exciting match-3 levels! buy nowget the full version play nowdownload the free trial free 1 hour trial brainiversity keep your brain on its toes with daily mental exercises covering different subjects. stimulate your brain with brainiversity! buy nowget the full version play nowdownload the free trial free 1 hour trial millennium: a new hope travel back in time and learn how the city of myst was able to overcome its humble beginnings and become a thriving kingdom! buy nowget the full version play nowdownload the free trial free 1 hour trial bookworm adventures battle through books in a spelling sensation of epical proportions! bookworm adventures is the ultimate test of vocabularic valor! buy nowget the full version play nowdownload the free trial free 1 hour trial cradle of egypt explore the lands of the pharaohs and the cradle of egypt! enjoy the miraculous constructions in this awesome match 3 game! buy nowget the full version play nowdownload the free trial free 1 hour trial realmyst experience the world of realmyst in 3d! solve perplexing puzzles and return to one of the most popular pc games of all time! buy nowget the full version play nowdownload the free trial free 1 hour trial virtual families 2 adopt characters and help them choose a mate and start a family! shape their personalities and help them get through the challenges of life. buy nowget the full version play nowdownload the free trial free 1 hour trial see our top games by genre how are the games above chosen? it's easy to play games at big fish games: choose any game download the free trial and play it for 1 hour. play free try as many games as you want. there's no limit! have fun! love a game? upgrade to the full version for endless fun. 6 great reasons you'll love big fish games thousands of games you can play free whether you love a great storyline, exciting action, or challenging puzzles, we have a game for you. with a new game every day!®, there's always something new. premier customer service we want you to have the best experience while you play and shop with us. our customer support team is available 7 days a week for questions or issues. exclusive games you won't find anywhere else we partner with game developers to bring you the best games, first. enjoy best-selling games like mystery case files® and drawn®. the best value in addition to our everyday low prices, save more with big fish game club, our monthly membership. members save at least 30% on every game and get exclusive benefits. safe and secure game downloads every game download is quality tested, so your computer is always safe with us. no viruses, no ads, no spyware. ever! game manager our handy app helps you organize and track your games. see how much time you have left to play free at a glance. what our customers have to say: i've always been pleased w/ the help i get if i have a problem or question. thanks so much! elizabeth coulee city, wa jul. 29, 2011 see more testimonials find more games: home page search new releases top 100 top genres hidden object games time management games match 3 games mahjong games farm games tycoon games mystery games adventure games dress up games more game genres popular games big fish games app big fish casino candy game plants vs. zombies fairway solitaire midnight castle zuma deluxe bejeweled 2 deluxe big fish bingo ways to play pc games mac games online games ipad & iphone games android games check us out on: facebooktwitteryoutubegoogle+ get the latest games, special offers, and more! sign up today connect with us blog | game walkthroughs | game forums home get help customer support | site map | privacy policy | terms of use | cookie policy company info about us | press room | careers | submit games | affiliate program our global sites dansk | deutsch | english | español | français | italiano | nederlands | português | svenska | русский | 日本語 © 2014, big fish games, inc. sign in or create an account. i am a new customer i already have a big fish account processing... forgot your password? secure form sign in or create an account. i am a new customer i already have a big fish account processing... by clicking "create account," you agree to the big fish terms of use and privacy policy. we respect your privacy and won’t sell or share your information with other companies without your permission. secure form choose your username your username will be displayed on your review. pick a username you like and can share with others. your username is permanent and yours forever. processing... secure form forgot your password? enter the email address you use for your big fish account. we'll email you a temporary password. need help? processing... cancel secure form