来源URL: https://web.archive.org/web/20181224074626/https://www.bigfishgames.com/company/index.html
================================================================================

about | big fish 1 5 games big fish casino fairway solitaire blast cooking craze sir match-a-lot fairway solitaire gummy drop! jackpot magic slots cascade more blog walkthroughs forums customer service about careers about big fish big fish games is an innovative developer and world-class publisher of a diverse portfolio of casual game franchises, including big fish casino, gummy drop!, fairway solitaire, jackpot magic slots and cooking craze.founded in 2002, we serve millions of players every day and are dedicated to creating games that allow players to play, connect and compete, anywhere, on any device. we’re inspired by people who create and play games!the company is headquartered in seattle, washington, with a regional office in oakland, california, and is part of aristocrat leisure limited. seattle, wa, usa big fish games, inc. 906 alaskan way suite 700 seattle, wa 98104 usa oakland, ca, usa big fish oakland 1999 harrison street suite 2300 oakland, ca 94612 usa press materials press releases big fish games teams up with disney to release toy story mobile game this springbig fish games invests in its team and seattle with its move to the new waterfrontbig fish games gains electronic arts (ea), zynga and gsn executive jeff karp as new managing director and president articles big fish games moves hq into renovated maritime building puget sound business journal | july 17, 2018 big fish games moves to pioneer square kiro tv | july 17, 2018 big fish games migrates to new hq, with plans to reel in top talent with eye-catching space geekwire | july 17, 2018 executive team jeff karp managing director and president more hi-res photo jeff karp has more than 15 years in senior executive roles with leading companies in the video game industry, including ea (executive vice president, play label), zynga (executive vice president, chief marketing and revenue officer) and gsn games (executive vice president, social and mobile games). he was instrumental in building many multi-billion-dollar franchise games, including ea sports, words with friends, farmville, the sims franchise, bingo bash, and gsn casino.most recently, jeff was the chief executive officer of sports illustrated play, a youth sports focused digital platform that was acquired by comcast/nbc earlier this year. at sports illustrated play, jeff built youth-sports platforms that supported more than 17m monthly users. sarah leung svp and general counsel more hi-res photo sarah leung joined big fish in 2008 as senior corporate counsel, and subsequently held the positions of director, senior director, and vice president before assuming her current position of general counsel. in this role, she manages the legal department and risk management efforts across all areas of the company, including business and product development, commercial transactions, regulatory compliance, marketing and advertising, intellectual property enforcement, prosecution and defense, employment matters, and disputes and litigation. she has over 15 years of experience working with technology and media companies.prior to big fish, sarah was a business attorney at realnetworks, inc., where she focused on streaming mobile video products and services. she has also served as an associate at heller ehrman llp, where she worked on m&a, financial and commercial transactions. sarah earned her j.d. from duke university school of law, and her b.a. cum laude in american studies from williams college. carey dijulio svp & gm, epic venture games studio more hi-res photo carey dijulio is the senior vice president and general manager for epic venture games for big fish games.  epic venture games is dedicated to narrative-driven premium and free-to-play games across pc, mac and mobile.  carey joined big fish in 2009, where she helped to scale the company’s ios business to become one of the top 10 grossing developers on ipad before moving to california in 2012 to lead the newly acquired self aware games development studio as vice president and general manager. in 4 years, the studio grew over 400% and big fish casino became a mainstay in the top grossing games on the apple app store and google play. previously, as the svp of product & marketing, carey oversaw product & marketing strategy across big fish games’ diverse portfolio of studios.carey holds an m.s. in information management from the university of washington, and graduated summa cum laude with honors in behavioral science from drew university. kevin miller svp of global game operations more hi-res photo kevin miller joined big fish in early 2009. in his role, he focuses on providing highly efficient and cost-effective operations support for all big fish’s internal studios and third-party production partners. his current team spans the following areas: developer relations, game quality assurance, localization, customer support, fraud/payments and licensing.kevin has over 20 years’ international experience across games, business operations, and service delivery. prior to his current role at big fish games, he held a senior consulting role at chandler macleod in sydney, with an emphasis on workflow analysis, metrics development, and large-scale recruitment projects, and led complex operations groups in high-tech manufacturing businesses in both sydney for globus group and later in london for mercator london ltd.he received his bsc. (hons) from the university of leeds, uk and his post graduate diploma in general management from macquarie university, australia. chris george vp and general manager of triton studios more hi-res photo chris george is the vice president and general manager of triton studios, which partners with third-party developers to bring free to play mobile hits such as gummy drop! and cooking craze to players worldwide. chris joined big fish in 2009, spending time in it and marketing roles before spending much of his tenure growing triton studios from a small team to the successful and profitable studio it is today.chris has more than 23 years of digital online experience across a range of software, ecommerce, and media companies, including stints at microsoft, buy.com, and fox interactive media. prior to joining big fish, he was vice president of applications at fox interactive media, where he led the application development and support department. at buy.com, chris was director of it support applications, overseeing all aspects of development and maintenance for the company’s back-end application suite, including crm, product management, billing, fraud, targeted marketing, and return logistics systems.chris holds a b.s. in technical communication from the university of washington. chris williams vp and general manager of sky rocket studios more hi-res photo chris williams is big fish's vp & general manager of skyrocket studios, overseeing the business and product strategy for a diverse portfolio of hit free-to-play mobile games. chris has spent 20 years dedicated to the interactive entertainment industry. before joining big fish, he was the vp of products & strategy at playfirst where he guided playfirst's shift into free-to-play mobile gaming and established diner dash as one of the most successful gaming franchises in the app store. previously, chris was with lucasarts entertainment where he was a member of the executive team and led the development of several successful star wars and indiana jones games across a variety of gaming platforms.chris received a bachelors of architecture degree from cornell university. andy vella vp and general manager of self aware games more hi-res photo with a bs in computer science, andy was one of the early members of self aware games, starting in 2010 as a lead engineer before moving on to become vp, engineering. in early 2016, andy stepped into the role of executive producer of the self aware games studio, leading the team to successes such as launching and scaling jackpot magic slots. andy is currently the vp, general manager of self aware games studio overseeing the social casino business in oakland, ca. jonathan maltos vp of human resources more jonathan maltos joined big fish in june of 2014 as the vp of human resources. as big fish games’ senior human resource leader, jonathan develops and executes the vision of all human resources initiatives and functions: talent acquisition, employee retention, employee engagement, succession management, compensation and benefits, performance management, compliance, merger and acquisitions, and hr operations. he brings over 20 years of human resource experience working with multiple seattle area companies.prior to joining big fish, jonathan was a partner at aon hewitt, where he focused on developing and delivering human resource solutions to northwest based companies. jonathan earned his bachelor’s degree from the university of washington in political science and international relations. nimesh wijesooriya vp of finance more hi-res photo nimesh wijesooriya joined big fish games in 2018, following the acquisition of big fish by aristocrat leisure limited. as vice president of finance, nimesh partners closely with both big fish and aristocrat digital leadership teams on planning, reporting, strategy formulation and decision support. nimesh brings over 10 years of experience in working with technology and media companies in a variety of accounting, corporate finance, strategy and m&a roles.prior to big fish, nimesh was the group director of strategy and m&a at aristocrat where he played a lead role in formulating and implementing aristocrat’s growth strategy within the digital gaming sector. prior to joining aristocrat, nimesh served as associate director of investment banking at ubs investment bank, advising companies on strategy, m&a, and capital markets transactions. nimesh earned degrees in bachelor of commerce (accounting and finance) and bachelor of laws (first class honors) from the university of sydney, australia. big fish games big fish offers immersive and beautiful gameplay experiences built upon its proprietary publishing platform. the company is headquartered in seattle, wa, with a regional office in oakland, ca, and is part of aristocrat leisure limited. © 2018, big fish games, inc. games cooking craze gummy drop! big fish casino jackpot magic slots fairway solitaire fairway solitaire blast sir match-a-lot robin hood legends cascade game genres adventure puzzle hidden object match 3 casino strategy ways to play ios games android games pc games online games about us about press site scholarships careers privacy policy terms of use more blog faq game walkthroughs customer support