来源URL: https://web.archive.org/web/20201231160049/https://www.americangirl.com/shop/ag/frequently-asked-questions
================================================================================

frequently asked questions | american girl ® skip to content welcome to american girl grown-ups shop our selection of dolls, books, and more that help build girls of strong character. shop girls discover fun games, videos, and more activities to inspire your imagination. play ag rewards / sign in hello, rewards available back shop by category shop home new all new ultimate bundles wow gifts dolls all dolls create your own dolls truly me historical characters courtney 1986 girl of the year 2021: kira girl of the year 2020: joss girl of the year 2019: blaire girl of the year 2018: luciana welliewishers bitty baby doll care products create your own furniture & accessories all furniture & accessories new furniture & accessories bed & home travel outfits & accessories doll shoes fashion accessories animals & extras food & dining accessories for girls ag logo shop sports & hobbies baby doll furniture school & music hair & spa clothing all clothing new clothing create your own clothing courtney's mix and match team usa outfits & gear 18 inch doll clothes sports & hobbies casual special occasion ag logo shop clothing ag fashion show welliewishers bitty baby doll clothes pajamas girl clothing as seen on youtube books all books new books & movies advice & activities historical fiction contemporary fiction mysteries early readers crafting & activities craft kits movies and dvds sale monthly specials current offers & promotions last chance outlet gifts and birthday parties gift trunk ag stores welcome & planning charlotte chicago columbus dallas hershey (outlet) houston los angeles miami nashville new york orlando san francisco bay area seattle washington, d.c. canada activities & advice all articles stay and play well-being family crafts recipes advice learning community celebration about ag our story our difference diversity & inclusion doll hospital help ag rewards / sign in hello, your tier is my account ag rewards sign out email sign-up save on select favorites through month end2 shop now play now, pay later with affirm learn more enjoy the most inspired perks around with ag rewards join now free shipping every day on all orders $135+1 shop now save on select favorites through month end2 shop now play now, pay later with affirm learn more free shipping every day on all orders $135+1 shop now close sign in welcome back! if you have saved your information by registering at americangirl.com, enter your email and password below. please use the email associated with your account. email address : password : forgot password? new to us? create an account loading... get the news and special offers you want tell us about you child child's name month day year i am the father mother grandparent friend/ other remove as an email subscriber, you can choose what news you receive—special offers, product introductions, store event notifications, and more. email address children's information (optional) privacy add a child sign up close thank you sorry... you'll be getting emails with special offers, product introductions, store event notifications, and more. we are unable to complete your request at this time. if you need help, please call 800-845-0005 and one of our service representatives will be happy to assist you. close close thank you sorry... you'll be getting emails with special offers, product introductions, store event notifications, and more. we are unable to complete your request at this time. if you need help, please call 800-845-0005 and one of our service representatives will be happy to assist you. close frequently asked questions online account information do i need to create an account to place an online order? no, you can place an online order without creating an account. the advantage of creating an account is that it makes the checkout process much faster for future purchases—you won’t be prompted to enter your billing and shipping information each time you shop. if you choose to register, we recommend you print your registration page to use for future reference and note your email and password in a secure location. how do i change my account information? by signing in, you can change any information you wish—your credit card, email address, billing address, password, stored shipping addresses, etc. you can also delete credit card information and unused shipping addresses. i forgot my password! what should i do? on the account sign-in page, click "forgot password?" you will be given instructions and asked to enter your email address. you may also call customer service at 800-845-0005. one of our friendly associates will be happy to send you a password reset email. placing an order is the american girl website shopping area secure? yes, we are committed to providing you a secure shopping experience. for your security, we use the industry-standard secure sockets layer (ssl) technology to prevent any private information you enter from being intercepted. we encrypt your credit card number and personal information using verisign’s secure server id, which enables secure communications. please see the american girl website privacy statement and terms and conditions for more information. what browser should i use to view americangirl.com and place an order? for the best viewing and navigational experience, we recommend using the latest versions of firefox, chrome, or safari. you can download the most current versions for free by clicking on the browser names. can i email my order? we're sorry that we cannot accept orders via email. sending personal information, especially your payment information, in an email is not safe or secure and should not be done. if you need to place an order and cannot access the american girl website, please call our toll-free number at 800-845-0005, 7 a.m. – 10 p.m. central time on weekdays or 9 a.m. – 6 p.m. central time on weekends. holiday hours may vary. what forms of payment do you accept at the american girl website? we accept mastercard, american express, visa, discover/novus, merchandise credits, and american girl gift cards. you must be at least 18 years old to order. we do not accept money orders, cash, or checks for orders placed online. do you offer a financing option? yes—through our partner affirm, you can make three monthly payments with no interest. to see if you qualify, just enter a few pieces of information for a real-time decision. learn more about this option. what kind of sales tax do i have to pay when i shop at the american girl website? if your website order is shipped to alabama, arizona, california, colorado, connecticut, district of columbia, florida, georgia, hawaii, iowa, illinois, indiana, kansas, kentucky, louisiana, maine, maryland, massachusetts, michigan, minnesota, mississippi, missouri, nebraska, nevada, new jersey, new york, north carolina, north dakota, ohio, pennsylvania, rhode island, south carolina, south dakota, tennessee, texas, utah, vermont, virginia, washington, west virginia, wisconsin, or wyoming, you will pay any applicable state and local sales tax. how will i know if my order went through? you will receive an order number onscreen after submitting your order. we suggest you print this screen for future reference. to receive a confirmation of your order, you must include your email address in the checkout process, and check the email-confirmation box. please be sure to provide your full email address, without spaces. you will normally receive an initial email within five minutes of placing your order, although during busy periods, email confirmations may be delayed. a detailed confirmation, including items ordered, shipping addresses, and order total will be sent within two hours of placing your order. please do not call to check your order status before two hours have passed. our order system needs time to process the information you send us, and our operators cannot access that information before the system is ready. please note: the last thing we want to do is ruin a surprise, so please be aware that the detailed email confirmation you receive will include a comprehensive summary of your order. if there is a chance your gift recipient might see this email confirmation, we encourage you to take the necessary precautions to keep the secret! how long does it take for an order to go through? our goal is to ship your order as quickly as possible, subject to availability, receipt of payment, and credit card authorization. if you have not received an email confirmation from the american girl website within two hours of placing your order, please email us at service@americangirl.com. in order for us to provide the best customer service, please include your full name and zip code in your email. will my items look exactly as pictured? actual products may not be identical to items shown. all measurements are approximate. unless noted, dolls, outfits, and accessories are sold separately. when dolls are shipped, their hair may not be styled as shown in the catalogue or online. what if an item i order is not in stock? any item that is not currently in stock will be shipped to you when it becomes available. you will not be charged until your item is prepared to ship; however, a hold may be placed on the funds to cover the backordered item. you will also not be charged for any additional shipping fees. are there any special savings available when you purchase at the american girl website? web-only specials are offered periodically throughout the year. you may register with your email address to receive information about these promotions. special offers and discounts cannot be applied to previous purchases. no substitutions, please. promotional or sale items are available while supplies last. we reserve the right to limit quantities or refuse orders. may i purchase product in multiple quantities? do you offer quantity discounts? you may purchase multiple quantities of products. we reserve the right to limit quantities or refuse orders and will notify you when that is the case. at this time, we do not offer quantity discounts in our direct-to-consumer catalogue or website. how do i change an order? although we are unable to change an order once it has been submitted, many products may be returned for an exchange or a merchandise credit within two years of purchase. a refund may also be available within two years of purchase with your original proof of purchase from american girl. shipping and processing fees are non-refundable. please visit our returns page for details. how do i cancel an order? although we are unable to cancel an order once it has been submitted, many products may be returned for an exchange or a merchandise credit within two years of purchase. a refund may also be available within two years of purchase with your original proof of purchase from american girl. shipping and processing fees are non-refundable. please visit our returns page for details. can i place an order online with an international billing address? we’re sorry, but at this time our website is unable to accept orders with a billing address outside the united states or canada. all canadian orders are converted into u.s. dollars. if your billing address is in a country other than the u.s. or canada, please call our customer service department 7 a.m. – 10 p.m. central time on weekdays or 9 a.m. – 6 p.m. central time on weekends. from elsewhere, call 608-831-5210. holiday hours may vary. order status has my order been shipped? when will i receive it? you can view the status of your credit card order and track the packages that have shipped using the order status feature in the footer of any page on the website. how do i ask a question about a previously placed order? for questions about an order already placed, email us at service@americangirl.com; call 800-845-0005, 7 a.m. – 10 p.m. central time on weekdays or 9 a.m. – 6 p.m. central time on weekends. holiday hours may vary. or write to: american girl, attn: customer service p.o. box 620497, middleton, wi 53562-0497 we welcome your comments and questions. all comments become the property of american girl. shipping what are your shipping options and prices? shipping options and prices qualifying for everyday standard free shipping requires a minimum order of $135 or more. purchase total must equal or exceed the minimum order requirement to qualify. once qualified, free shipping will automatically apply in your shopping bag at checkout. additional charges apply for rush shipping, shipping outside of the u.s. or canada, and shipping large items. rush shipping not available to canada. offer not valid at american girl® outlet, indigo, or chapters™ retail locations or websites. charges for gift cards, shipping and processing, and sales tax; doll hair salon; doll hospital; parties, dining, and food purchases; special events tickets; and returns, exchanges, and requests for delayed shipping are excluded, and do not count toward the qualifying dollar amount. no refunds or adjustments on previous purchases or orders in progress that have not yet shipped. we reserve the right to limit order and item quantities. in most cases, we ship to p.o. boxes, apo/fpo, u.s. territories, alaska, and hawaii. can i send gifts to more than one shipping address? to ship items to more than one address, please create a separate order for each shipping address. can i place an order to be shipped outside of the u.s. and canada? yes, for international shipping rates, please call our customer service department 7 a.m. – 10 p.m. central time on weekdays or 9 a.m. – 6 p.m. on weekends. holiday hours may vary. from within the u.s., call 800-845-0005. from elsewhere, call 608-831-5210. recipient is responsible for all taxes and duties. can i ship my order to an apo/fpo address? yes, you may. an order shipping to an apo/fpo address can only ship standard and will go by usps first class mail. sorry, rush shipping is not available for apo/fpo addresses. is the package identified as coming from american girl? for safety and legal reasons, our company name appears on our shipping labels. please keep this in mind when selecting your shipping destination. we would not want to unintentionally spoil a surprise! returns or exchanges how do i return an item i purchased from american girl? a refund of the purchase price is available with your original proof of purchase from american girl (store receipt, packing slip, or order number) within two years of purchase. a merchandise credit will be issued if the purchase cannot be verified. a refund or credit will be issued for the purchase price, current list price, or prorated price depending on the item(s) returned. we reserve the right to assess the value of items returned. be assured we’ll do our very best to take care of you, but from time to time we will not accommodate a return. items designated as "final sale" cannot be returned. shipping and processing fees are non-refundable. you have two options for making a return: • bring it in: you may return or exchange your items(s) at any of our u.s. american girl retail locations within two years of purchase. please note that merchandise purchased from an american girl retail store in the u.s., over the phone through our customer service department, or at americangirl.com can only be returned to a u.s. retail store or sent to the american girl returns department. we only accept returns of products purchased directly from american girl. please return all other products to the original place of purchase. merchandise purchased from an american girl specialty boutique in indigo/chapters can only be returned to indigo/chapters. all returns are monitored and may be limited. • send it in: to send us a product purchased from american girl and within two years of purchase, please follow the steps on our returns page. what is proof of purchase? for catalogue and web orders, please provide the order number or packing slip. for retail purchases, please include a copy of your receipt. online product registration is not considered proof of purchase for returns purposes. will my refund include sales tax? if the customer receiving the refund resides in a state listed in the sales tax field on the return form, the appropriate refund of taxes will be applied to the return item(s). i live outside the us. how do i return an item? please contact customer service for assistance at 608-831-5210 or intlservice@americangirl.com. we are available 7 a.m. – 10 p.m. central time on weekdays, 9 a.m. – 6 p.m. central time on weekends. holiday hours may vary. how do i return a gift? please provide the name and address of the original purchaser. we will attempt to locate the original order information to verify proof of purchase. the purchaser will not be notified of your return. if you have a retail gift receipt, please include a copy with your return. what is a merchandise credit? a merchandise credit is issued when an item is returned without proof of purchase (a retail receipt or catalogue/web order number). a merchandise credit may be used as payment at all u.s. american girl retail locations; americangirl.com; and on phone, mail, and fax orders. what is a return reason, and why do you need it? a return reason explains why you are returning an item. refer to the list of return reasons at the bottom of the return form, and select the one that best describes your return. this information helps american girl identify potential improvements to products. do i have to use the prepaid shipping label? absolutely not! if you don't want to use a prepaid shipping label, please complete a return form. after you have completed the form, click on the link to print a standard mailing label. if i use the prepaid shipping label, where do i take my package? you may take your package to any u.s. postal service location or collection box, or place the package in your residential mailbox. can i arrange to have my package with a prepaid shipping label picked up? yes! the u.s. postal service offers free package pickup from a residential or business address. please visit usps.com for details. how much does the prepaid shipping label cost, and how do i pay for it? the prepaid shipping label costs $6.95, which will be deducted from your refund. what ship method is used with the prepaid shipping label? packages sent to american girl with prepaid shipping labels are shipped via fedex smartpost®. how long will it take for my return to get to american girl if i use the prepaid shipping label? packages sent back with the prepaid shipping label generally take 3-9 business days to arrive at american girl. can i track my package if i use the prepaid shipping label? if you would like to track your return, copy the tracking number on your label. packages can be tracked at fedex.com. my return is in multiple boxes. how many prepaid shipping labels do i need? each box requires a separate label with a unique tracking number. please generate a label for each box. will i be charged for a prepaid shipping label that i don't actually use? please be assured you are only charged for the prepaid shipping labels received by american girl. feel free to print replacements as needed. covid-19 precautions at american girl stores what measures are you taking in stores to help protect the safety of customers? the well-being of all guests at american girl stores is of paramount concern to us. for complete details on what we're doing to help make your shopping experience as safe as possible, please review the frequently asked questions specific to our stores. ag rewards™ membership and benefits what are the qualifications for membership? the qualifications for an individual to join ag rewards are: (1) the person must be 18 years of age or older, and (2) a resident of the 50 united states, washington d.c., or a u.s. territory. is there a membership fee? no. becoming an ag rewards member is completely free, and there are no annual fees. can i be a member if i don't have an email address? to receive rewards certificates and program updates, you must have a valid email address. do you offer any birthday incentives? if you provide your child’s birth date, we will happily send special birthday wishes! what should i do if i can't find my member number? you can find your member number by logging into your account. you can also find it in your ag rewards welcome email. how do i access my account or contact customer service? click here to access your account. for additional assistance, you can call customer service at 800-845-0005, 7 a.m. - 10 p.m. central time on weekdays or 9 a.m. - 6 p.m. on weekends. holiday hours may vary. are phone and online purchases credited to my account? yes, all program-eligible purchases are credited to your account. please have your identifying account information ready at checkout to be sure all transactions are properly credited. can i opt out of promotional emails? yes, you can always opt out of ag rewards promotional mailings. simply click the unsubscribe link at the bottom of the email. how can i sign up to receive texts from ag rewards? using the mobile phone number that you provided in your online account, text agrewards to 33233 to opt in to text messages from ag rewards. in order to receive texts, you must sign up using the mobile phone listed with your account. you can add or change your account phone number at any time. i texted agrewards to 33233 and got a confirmation message, but now a text indicated i'm not enrolled. what happened, and how do i fix it? to receive texts from ag rewards, in addition to texting agrewards to 33233, you must provide the phone number you prefer for receiving texts by updating your american girl online account. if you received a text indicating that there was an error, please update your phone number, then text agrewards to 33233 from that number again to ensure the service is working. can i decrease the amount of texts i receive? the maximum number of texts that you will receive from ag rewards per month is approximately 10. but please note, the actual total number of texts you will receive each month can vary and depends upon factors such as your current points balance, purchase activity, current promotions or events, product launches, product updates, and messages sent to you in response to the text messages you send to us (such as help, stop, or another phrase). there is no way to reduce the number of texts if you are opted into the text program. what happens to my enrollment in the text program if i remove or change my phone number in my online account? in order to receive texts, you must sign up using the mobile phone listed with your account. if your phone number is deleted or changed in your account, you will not receive future texts from ag rewards. if you wish to continue to receive texts, text agrewards to 33233 using the phone number affiliated with your account. you can add or change your account phone number at any time. how can i opt out of receiving texts from ag rewards? to opt out of receiving future texts, text stop to 33233 using the mobile phone that you opted into the text program with. you will no longer receive text notifications but will still be enrolled in the ag rewards program. i texted stop to end ag rewards texts. does that mean i have closed my ag rewards account? no! your ag rewards account is not affected by texting stop to end future texts. you have only opted out of the ag rewards text message program. this means you will not receive future texts from ag rewards. your membership with the program has not been affected. do my points ever expire/disappear? for the silver and gold tier, unless otherwise noted, points expire at the end of the 12-month anniversary of the date those points were earned. points do not expire for members in the berry tier; if a member is in the berry tier and then moves into silver or gold, their points are eligible for expiration based on the anniversary of the date those points were earned. points will also exit your account balance as they are converted to rewards certificates each month. each rewards certificate that is issued will have an expiration date. you will need to redeem your reward within the stated time period. the yearly maximum value that can be issued as rewards certificates is $500. what purchases qualify for rewards points? all regular, sale, and clearance merchandise purchased at americangirl.com, by phone, or in american girl retail stores qualifies for rewards points. in-store american girl restaurant purchases also qualify for points. sales tax, shipping charges, gift cards, and bulk sales for commercial purposes or resale are not program-eligible purchases. members can earn a maximum of $500 in rewards per year. each rewards certificate must be redeemed before it expires, and expiration dates are noted on the certificates. do i receive points when using a gift card? yes! points are earned when you purchase merchandise with a gift card. points are not earned when you purchase a gift card. will my tier ever change or modify? your tier changes based on your cumulative spend. once a tier is reached, you have a full 12 months to maintain that tier status. for example, if you reach a gold tier on august 1, you must spend an additional $250 by july 31 of the following year to maintain your status. if spending thresholds are not reached within the year, your tier level will change accordingly based upon dollars spent. i didn't have my member number during checkout. how do i get my points? to add a purchase, you will need to log in to your account and click on "add a receipt." if you would like additional assistance, call customer service at 800-845-0005. what if my rewards certificate is lost or stolen? rewards certificates can only be issued once and cannot be replaced if lost or stolen. can i redeem my rewards certificates for cash? no, rewards certificates do not have a cash value. can i use my rewards certificates for online purchases? yes, absolutely! you can use your rewards certificates at americangirl.com, in american girl stores, or by phone for program-eligible purchases. if i make a purchase using a $10 rewards certificate and return that purchase, do i get to keep my $10 rewards certificate? no, rewards certificates cannot be reissued after usage. where can i view the terms and conditions? review this important information on our terms and conditions page. gift cards how do i purchase an american girl gift card? you can purchase cards online, by phone at 800-845-0005, and in all of our american girl retail stores. where are american girl gift cards accepted? american girl gift cards may be redeemed at americangirl.com, at american girl retail stores, by phone at 800-845-0005, and on mail orders sent to american girl, po box 620190, middleton, wi 53562-0190. american girl gift cards are not accepted at other retailers, including indigo/chapters or the american girl outlet store in hershey, pa. can i include a gift message with my purchase of an american girl gift card? yes, when you purchase a gift card online or by phone, you can create a personalized gift message of up to 150 characters. when you purchase a gift card at an american girl retail store, the card holder includes space for a personalized message. what can i buy online with american girl gift cards? american girl gift cards can be redeemed for any products sold at americangirl.com, except toward the purchase of other gift cards. how do i redeem a gift card at americangirl.com? shop our site to find the items you wish to purchase and add them to your shopping bag. then follow these steps: • in the shopping bag, click "check out now" • in the payment page's gift card field, enter the gift card number and pin (the 4-digit number located on the back of your gift card), then click "apply" • if the balance available on your gift card is less than the total cost of your order, you will be asked to provide an additional form of payment gift cards are subject to the american girl gift card terms & conditions listed on the back of each card. you may use up to 10 american girl gift cards for payment at americangirl.com; to use more, please call to place your order. what can i buy at american girl stores with american girl gift cards? american girl gift cards can be redeemed for products and services sold at american girl stores and as payment for any dining and birthday party experiences in an american girl cafe or bistro, including all taxes. we’re sorry, but american girl gift cards cannot be redeemed for any of our pre-paid special events or toward the deposit for an american girl birthday package (deluxe, group, and private parties). pre-paid special events and deposits must be paid with a debit or credit card. for more information or to make reservations for pre-paid special events or american girl birthday packages, please call 877-247-5223 to speak to a retail service support associate. may i use an american girl gift card to purchase american girl books at a bookstore? no, american girl gift cards are only redeemable at americangirl.com, at u.s. american girl retail stores, or by phone at 800-845-0005. do i pay shipping and processing fees when i purchase an american girl gift card? no, when you purchase a gift card online or by phone, standard shipping is free to u.s. addresses. when you purchase a gift card that must be rush-shipped or shipped internationally, additional charges will apply. do dormancy fees apply to american girl gift cards? dormancy fees do not apply to balances on gift cards issued by american girl. any unused balance remains on the gift card until spent. how can i check the balance on my american girl gift card? there are three ways to check your gift card balance: • check the balance online • call 800-772-0348 • check with a sales associate when visiting an american girl store you will be asked for both the card number and pin located on each card. is there an easy way to order a large quantity of american girl gift cards? yes, to order large quantities of american girl gift cards, please call customer service at 800-845-0005. we do not offer volume discounts and reserve the right to limit or refuse orders at any time, for any reason. orders of multiple gift cards may arrive in separate shipments. what can i do if my gift card is lost, stolen, or damaged? please protect your card like cash. american girl is not responsible for replacing lost, stolen, or damaged cards. do i need to keep my gift card after i've used it? yes, it’s important to keep your gift card even if there is no value left on it. funds may still remain on your gift card if we cannot fulfill all or part of your order and do not charge your gift card account, or if we cancel all or part of your order and do not charge your gift card. in either of these cases, you will need both the gift card number and the pin to place a new order. does american girl offer electronic gift cards? yes, we sell both plastic gift cards as well as electronic gift cards. to learn more, visit our gift guide. product information how do i know which products are age-appropriate for my girl? every american girl® product is labeled with an age-grading icon to ensure your purchase is appropriate to the age of the recipient. age-grading information is also available on our website's product pages and in our catalogues. age-grading is determined by which developmental stage the product is most appropriate for. how does american girl ensure products are safe? our priority is the safety of the children who play with our toys, and american girl engages in some of the most rigorous quality and safety testing in the toy industry. we monitor all our vendors and demand testing results for all our products to ensure that they meet or exceed u.s. federal safety requirements. in addition, our products are continually monitored by our internal product integrity group, as well as an independent monitoring program to ensure objective checks and balances for evaluation of compliance against our stringent standards. if any problems are discovered, we are committed to taking prompt, responsible corrective action. how do i submit an idea for a new american girl® product? unfortunately, we cannot legally use specific ideas or designs submitted by people outside the company. all new products are conceived and designed by an in-house design and development team. how can i be sure my american girl® product is genuine? you can be certain your product is authentic if purchased at americangirl.com, in one of our retail locations, or through our catalogue. american girl also distributes print products and small gift items through well-known, reputable booksellers and retailers nationwide. if your product was purchased elsewhere, we cannot guarantee that it is genuine. how can i purchase american girl® products? you can buy genuine american girl® products in a variety of convenient ways: at americangirl.com; at any of our nationwide retail locations; at our outlet store in hershey, pa; and through our catalogue. you can also call 800-360-1861 to place an order. please note that we do not sell american girl products at our corporate headquarters location. why are some of the products i want to order no longer available? like every company, american girl is constantly revitalizing our products to best meet the needs of our customers and our business. while some items are discontinued, many other products are added to keep american girl interesting and engaging, and to celebrate who girls are today. special services can i have my items gift wrapped? yes, gift wrapping is available for most items on our website. packages are attractively wrapped in pretty paper with a satin ribbon. we’ll gift wrap your purchase for $6 per item unless otherwise noted. to gift wrap an item, select "this is a gift" on the gifting page of your shopping bag. you can also add a personalized gift message. are any physical alterations made to the doll when i add extras like braces or earrings? most additions result in no alterations to your doll. the only exceptions are earrings and hearing aids. for each of these extras, a permanent hole will be created to fit the accessory. does american girl offer a military discount? american girl is happy to provide a 15% discount for all u.s. active-duty military, retirees, veterans, military spouses, and dependents. this discount is exclusively available at american girl retail locations and can be applied to a broad assortment of american girl products. the offer excludes the following: • online and catalogue purchases • gift cards • employee purchases • doll hospital services • hearing aid and ear-piercing services • in-store parties, dining, and food purchases • doll hair salon and create your own experiences • special event tickets • gift wrapping • shipping and processing • sales tax does american girl have other military offerings? yes, american girl currently has a relationship with the navy exchange (nex), which sells a curated assortment of our products at approximately a dozen nex locations throughout the u.s. and internationally. also, we sell our welliewishers™ products through select army and air force exchange service (aafes) and marine corp exchange (mcx) locations. online information what precautions do you take to ensure that my privacy and security are protected online? your privacy and security are a top priority. we use industry-standard protections to maintain safe transactions and information-sharing. please review our privacy statement for more information. what technical requirements do you require to enjoy the richest online experience? our site requires an internet-capable computer with a web browser, javascript, cookies, and plug-ins (adobe acrobat reader, flash, and shockwave). technical issues how can i get additional feedback on my technical problem? the american girl website receives quite a bit of traffic, especially during the holiday season. we attempt to balance our traffic load, but sometimes the demand exceeds our capabilities. please be assured we are doing our best to meet your needs. we thank you for your patience. if you receive a message about the server being unable to locate the dns entry, please make sure you have typed in the correct website address, and try again. if you continue to have difficulties, quit the browser, re-launch it, and try the website address again. why do i sometimes get a message that the server is busy, unavailable, or unable to locate the page when i try to visit americangirl.com? if the information provided in our faq section does not answer your particular question, please email us at service@americangirl.com. to help us determine the source of your problem, please provide the following information in your email: • the type of computer you are using (pc or mac) • the operating system (windows 7/8/nt/2000/me/xp, mac) • the web browser you are using (safari, firefox, chrome, etc.), including the browser version number • your internet service provider • the date of your visit to the website • the specific error message you saw, if any • a detailed description of what happened • your email address or phone number, indicating a preference for how you would like to be contacted our customer service representatives should be in touch with you within 48 hours. however, response times may vary depending on the volume of email. if you need an immediate response, please call our toll-free customer service number at 800-845-0005 between 7 a.m. – 10 p.m. central time on weekdays, 9 a.m. – 6 p.m. central time on weekends. holiday hours may vary. sizing guidelines do you have size charts for girl outfits and footwear? we sure do! our sizing charts for little girls sizes 3-7 and girls sizes 6-20 are available in our catalogues and on our website. contact information how do i contact american girl? you can reach our staff in the following ways: • call us at 800-845-0005, 7 a.m. – 10 p.m. central time on weekdays, 9 a.m. – 6 p.m. central time on weekends (holiday hours may vary) • write to us at american girl, p.o. box 620497, middleton, wi 53562-0497 • email us at service@americangirl.com with questions or comments about our catalogue, e-commerce site, or the play @ american girl features on americangirl.com request a catalogue how can i receive an american girl catalogue? you have three options: • request one online • call 800-845-0005 in the u.s., 7 a.m. – 10 p.m. central time on weekdays, 9 a.m. – 6 p.m. central time on weekends (holiday hours may vary) • write us at american girl, p.o. box 620497, middleton, wi 53562-0497 how do i adjust my mailing preferences? american girl wants our catalogues to be welcome in your home. to be removed from our mailing list please fill out the form online. permissions how do i request permission to use editorial content and other protected properties like images, names, and logos? all requests to use american girl's intellectual property must be in writing, so please email with your specific request. how do i know what properties are protected? all printed materials are protected by copyright. see our complete list of trademarks. basic tips for doll care how can i care for my american girl® doll? american girl dolls are meant to be played with, so now and then, they'll probably need a bit of a clean up. check out our helpful hints for upkeep in the hair & skin care section to have your doll looking fresh and clean in no time. can i wash doll hair? if so, how do i wash it? we don't recommend regular washing of the doll's hair since it can become frizzy and damaged. however, sometimes spills happen and the hair needs to be cleaned. if that's the case, we can help. call one of our doll doctors at 800-772-0430, or email them at dolldoctor@americangirl.com, and they can walk you through the steps to make sure the hair comes out looking its best. what's the best way to brush doll hair? doll hair needs special care to stay looking its best. you'll want to start with the right tools because the techniques are different depending on if the doll has straight, curly, or textured hair. you can find detailed tips on brushing, misting, and styling all types of american girl doll hair in our hair & skin care section. how can i make doll curls look like new again? whatever type of curls your doll has—wavy, curly, or very curly—we can help you restore them to their original condition! please visit our doll hair how-to's for some fun videos that show exactly what to do. can i remove the wave from braided doll hair? if your girl has a doll like molly® or kaya®, who has had braids for a long time, her hair will likely have waves when you take out the braids—just like your hair would. to lessen the wave, lightly mist her hair with water and gently brush it with a wire doll hairbrush from the bottom up. although it may take a little time, the wave will gradually lessen. if you have other questions about how to care for doll hair or if you want to learn some new styles, visit our hair & skin care section. doll hospital admissions and treatments how can i send my doll to the doll hospital? visit the doll hospital website, then scroll down to "ready to admit your doll?" to start the process. please complete the doll hospital admission form to request the repair services you would like. be sure to follow the instructions on the form to ensure a quick return. how long does a visit to the doll hospital usually take? a doll hospital visit takes approximately two to four weeks, depending on volume, from the date of admission for the patient until her return home. because of the high volume of patients sent in december, we recommend that any doll who needs to be home in time for the winter holidays be shipped to american girl no later than the middle of november. does rush delivery make the doll hospital visit any shorter? dolls are repaired in the order in which they are received. if you choose rush shipping for the return of your doll, you will receive her more quickly than via standard shipping. i sent my doll to the doll hospital. how can i learn about her status? to help you track your doll's progress through the process, we will email you on three occasions: • when we receive your doll, to confirm admission and placement in the treatment queue • when treatment on your doll begins • when your doll is shipped back to you for a healthy homecoming will a wellness visit make my doll look brand new? our goal with wellness services is to return dolls looking as much like new as possible; however, this service has some limitations and will leave some signs of play. the wellness visit includes general cleaning of the vinyl, which removes surface dirt, plus hair brushing. because vinyl is very porous, a general cleaning will not remove stains caused by makeup, colored markers, pens, ink, strong dyes found in some textiles, or scrapes in the vinyl. hair brushing will not improve dry, frizzy, or damaged wig hair. does the doll hospital provide services for archived dolls? yes, we will continue to provide doll hospital services for our archived dolls, but we cannot guarantee replacement parts will be available for dolls archived more than 15 years ago. do you repair non-american girl dolls? no, we only repair american girl dolls. one of my doll's eyes won't open anymore. should i admit her to the doll hospital? yes, our doll doctors can assess the eyes and replace them if needed. can i replace just the wig on my doll? regrettably, our doll hospital staff is unable to replace wigs. to ensure the wig will not come off, our doll manufacturer applies permanent glue. to remove the wig would be very difficult and could result in damaging the doll's head. if there is a problem with the hair, the entire head must be replaced. my doll's head came off. how do i tie the head back on? please follow these steps: • lay the doll chest-down, across your lap. insert the head into the body face-up. • crisscross the two ends of the string, then pull the ends tightly using slow, even pressure (so the seam does not rip out) until there is no gap between the neck and body. it can be helpful to have a second person assist by keeping the tension tight. • double- or triple-knot the string to secure it. • carefully turn the doll's head back to its original position. my doll’s leg is loose and wobbly. can you tighten it? occasionally the elastic cords used to attach a doll's limbs to her torso seem too stretchy. however, this stretch, called "pliability," is necessary for the cords to last longer. without pliability, the cords would easily fray because of the extra tension on them. if the limb seems very floppy and the limb dangles from the socket, it's definitely time to send her to the doll hospital for a limb reattachment. how do i remove ink from my doll's face? a damp washcloth may help to remove lighter marks, but ink or marker stains may require more effort. for these tougher stains, please contact us at service@americangirl.com, and we can provide a stain-removal process you can do at home that is highly successful. you also have the option of admitting your doll to the doll hospital for a limb or head replacement. my doll’s torso seems to have lost some of its stuffing. can you fix this? yes, we can adjust the stuffing to ensure your doll has just the right amount. can you repaint the lips or eyebrows on my doll? no, unfortunately we are unable to perform this service. can i admit my doll for a head replacement and get a different character head? regrettably, we are unable to change characters on a doll when a head replacement is done. if my doll’s ears are pierced and she needs her head replaced, will she still return home with pierced ears? yes, we will pierce the ears on the replacement head at no extra charge. can you remove the marks on my bitty baby’s head? with a wellness visit, we provide a general cleaning to remove surface dirt from the vinyl, but unfortunately, we are unable to remove the marks on bitty’s head. we recommend a head replacement to correct this issue. how do i get my doll's ears pierced? ear piercing is an add-on service, which means you must admit your doll and select a doll hospital treatment to add earrings to your 18" american girl or welliewishers™ doll. visits can i purchase american girl® products at the corporate headquarters location? the american girl headquarters in middleton, wisconsin, consists primarily of offices and warehouses. we do not sell american girl dolls or accessories, although some of our products are on display in the lobby. however, if you visit one of our retail locations, you can explore a wide selection of our products and enjoy all the experiences and events we offer. how can i arrange a tour of the american girl corporate headquarters? american girl does not provide tours of its facilities. however, our visitor lobby features our most popular products, which can be viewed during regular business hours. modeling how can my girl become an american girl model? american girl works with professional modeling agencies only. annual benefit sale what is the american girl benefit sale for madison children's museum and american girl's fund for children? each year, american girl donates overstock and returned merchandise to madison children's museum, whose volunteers prepare the products for an annual sale. since american girl initiated this unique partnership in 1988, the sale has raised tens of millions of dollars. it attracts more than 5,000 shoppers per year from around the country. call 608-256-6445 or visit madison children's museum for more information. business opportunities how can i purchase stock in american girl? american girl is a subsidiary of publicly traded mattel, inc. visit www.mattel.com for more information. can i enter into a franchise agreement to open up an american girl store? american girl retail stores are not available for franchise. battery recycling where can i recycle batteries? to find the nearest household hazardous waste facility, go to www.earth911.com, and follow these instructions: • enter your zip code in the upper left box • click go • under the heading local services, click on household hazardous waste • in the household hazardous waste box in the middle of the page, click on mercury containing items • locate the household hazardous waste facility nearest you why should i recycle button-cell batteries? recycling batteries is a way to reduce the amount of mercury in your local landfill. what types of button-cell batteries are used in american girl products? alkaline-manganese and silver-oxide button-cell batteries are typically used in watches, toys, and calculators. how do i receive a prepaid shipping label for button-cell batteries? please call us toll-free at 800-845-0005 to receive a shipping label for returning button-cell batteries. call us general help 800-845-0005 retail help 877-247-5223 email us send a message to our customer service staff doll hospital play on with help and healing from our expert medical staff ag rewards™ where play and points add up to the most inspired perks around our guarantee we hope that you and your girl love your purchase from american girl. if for any reason you don't, we'll try to find a way to make it right with an exchange, merchandise credit, or refund within two years of purchase. read more be in the know about the latest news, special offers, and more! sign up by signing up, you are agreeing to receive emails and notifications from american girl. how can we help? contact customer serviceopens a new window order status shipping information returns size charts assembly instructions printable order form gift cards want to hear more from us? request a catalogue browse a digital catalogue ready for a visit? find a store emergency release form can't find it? check here: frequently asked questions about american girl american girl publishing for parents & teachers media resources careers accepted payment methods please read our privacy statement and terms and conditions when you visit our site. copyright © 2020 american girl. all american girl marks are trademarks of american girl. recall information cookies and technologies read full special-offer disclaimers 1everyday free standard shipping with a minimum order of $135 or more. purchase total must equal or exceed the minimum order requirement to qualify. once qualified, free shipping will automatically apply in your shopping bag at checkout. additional charges apply for rush shipping, shipping outside of the us or canada, and shipping large items. rush shipping not available to canada. offer not valid american girl® outlet, indigo, or chapters™ retail locations or websites. charges for gift cards, shipping and processing, and sales tax; donations to a charitable cause; doll hair salon; doll hospital; parties, dining, and food purchases; special events tickets; and returns, exchanges, and requests for delayed shipping are excluded, and do not count toward the qualifying dollar amount. no refunds or adjustments on previous purchases or orders in progress that have not yet shipped. we reserve the right to limit order and item quantities. offer is subject to change at the discretion of american girl®. 2save up to 30% off select items while supplies last; promotional quantities may be limited and vary by location and online. promotional items may be removed or added on the first of each month. offer valid through removal of the product from the promotion page or until limited promotional quantities are exhausted. offer valid at american girl® retail stores and americangirl.com. not valid at american girl® outlet, amazon, kohls, or barnes & noble retail locations or websites. no refunds or adjustments on previous purchases, returns or exchanges, or orders in progress that have not yet shipped. we reserve the right to limit order and item quantities. unfortunately, the offer will not be extended if you are unable to order due to technical issues. 6save $5 with purchase of an american girl® 18” doll and select accessory. valid at americangirl.com and american girl® retail stores. not valid at american girl® outlet, indigo™ or chapters™ retail locations; amazon, kohls, or barnes & noble retail locations or websites. no refunds or adjustments on previous purchases, returns or exchanges, or orders in progress that have not yet shipped. we reserve the right to limit order and item quantities. unfortunately, the offer will not be extended if you are unable to order due to technical issues. 8save on outlet items while supplies last; quantities are limited to current stock. all outlet sales are final. product packaging may be in less-than-perfect condition, where marked on each product page. discounts shown are valid online for outlet items only at americangirl.com. discounts not valid elsewhere, including at american girl® retail stores and american girl® retail outlet. no refunds or adjustments on previous purchases or orders in progress that have not yet shipped. we reserve the right to limit order and item quantities. cannot be combined with offers available elsewhere. employee discounts do not apply.