来源URL: https://web.archive.org/web/20201231160049/https://www.americangirl.com/retail/charlotte
================================================================================

american girl store - southpark mall | charlotte, nc: american girl skip to content welcome to american girl grown-ups shop our selection of dolls, books, and more that help build girls of strong character. shop girls discover fun games, videos, and more activities to inspire your imagination. play ag rewards / sign in hello, rewards available back shop by category shop home new all new ultimate bundles wow gifts dolls all dolls create your own dolls truly me historical characters courtney 1986 girl of the year 2021: kira girl of the year 2020: joss girl of the year 2019: blaire girl of the year 2018: luciana welliewishers bitty baby doll care products create your own furniture & accessories all furniture & accessories new furniture & accessories bed & home travel outfits & accessories doll shoes fashion accessories animals & extras food & dining accessories for girls ag logo shop sports & hobbies baby doll furniture school & music hair & spa clothing all clothing new clothing create your own clothing courtney's mix and match team usa outfits & gear 18 inch doll clothes sports & hobbies casual special occasion ag logo shop clothing ag fashion show welliewishers bitty baby doll clothes pajamas girl clothing as seen on youtube books all books new books & movies advice & activities historical fiction contemporary fiction mysteries early readers crafting & activities craft kits movies and dvds sale monthly specials current offers & promotions last chance outlet gifts and birthday parties gift trunk ag stores welcome & planning charlotte chicago columbus dallas hershey (outlet) houston los angeles miami nashville new york orlando san francisco bay area seattle washington, d.c. canada activities & advice all articles stay and play well-being family crafts recipes advice learning community celebration about ag our story our difference diversity & inclusion doll hospital help ag rewards / sign in hello, your tier is my account ag rewards sign out email sign-up save on select favorites through month end2 shop now play now, pay later with affirm learn more enjoy the most inspired perks around with ag rewards join now free shipping every day on all orders $135+1 shop now save on select favorites through month end2 shop now play now, pay later with affirm learn more free shipping every day on all orders $135+1 shop now close sign in welcome back! if you have saved your information by registering at americangirl.com, enter your email and password below. please use the email associated with your account. email address : password : forgot password? new to us? create an account loading... get the news and special offers you want tell us about you child child's name month day year i am the father mother grandparent friend/ other remove as an email subscriber, you can choose what news you receive—special offers, product introductions, store event notifications, and more. email address children's information (optional) privacy add a child sign up close thank you sorry... you'll be getting emails with special offers, product introductions, store event notifications, and more. we are unable to complete your request at this time. if you need help, please call 800-845-0005 and one of our service representatives will be happy to assist you. close close thank you sorry... you'll be getting emails with special offers, product introductions, store event notifications, and more. we are unable to complete your request at this time. if you need help, please call 800-845-0005 and one of our service representatives will be happy to assist you. close shop your way • safe in-store shopping • free personal shopping by appointment • convenient curbside or in-store pickup visit today, or call 877-247-5223 shop your way • safe in-store shopping • free personal shopping by appointment • convenient curbside or in-store pickup visit today, or call 877-247-5223 face coverings are required in all stores before your visit, please read our covid-19 faq page. read covid-19 faqs face coverings are required in all stores before your visit, please read our covid-19 faq page. read covid-19 faqs now accepting reservations through february 2, 2021. store hours monday 11:00 a.m. — 6:00 p.m. tuesday 11:00 a.m. — 6:00 p.m. wednesday 11:00 a.m. — 6:00 p.m. thursday 11:00 a.m. — 6:00 p.m. friday 10:00 a.m. — 7:00 p.m. saturday 10:00 a.m. — 7:00 p.m. sunday 12:00 p.m. — 6:00 p.m. special store hours december 14 — 17 10:00 am — 7:00 pm december 19 10:00 am — 8:00 pm december 20 11:00 am — 6:00 pm december 21 — 23 10:00 am — 7:00 pm december 24 9:00 am — 5:00 pm december 25 closed december 26 10:00 am — 8:00 pm december 27 11:00 am — 6:00 pm december 28 — 30 10:00 am — 7:00 pm december 31 11:00 am — 5:00 pm january 1 10:00 am — 5:00 pm january 3 11:00 am — 6:00 pm bistro hours monday 11:00 a.m. — 3:00 p.m. tuesday closed wednesday closed thursday 11:00 a.m. — 3:00 p.m. friday 11:00 a.m. — 3:00 p.m. saturday 11:00 a.m. — 4:00 p.m. sunday 12:00 p.m. — 4:00 p.m. special bistro hours december 12 11:00 am — 5:00 pm december 13 11:00 am — 4:00 pm december 19 11:00 am — 5:00 pm december 20 11:00 am — 4:00 pm december 22 — 23 11:00 am — 3:00 pm december 26 11:00 am — 5:00 pm december 27 11:00 am — 4:00 pm december 29 — 30 11:00 am — 3:00 pm store hours subject to change without notice. back to top extra-special activities explore all our upcoming store activities inspired by girls’ favorite characters and interests! for activities that require a reservation, please register online or call 877-247-5223. extra-special activities explore all our upcoming store activities inspired by girls’ favorite characters and interests! for activities that require a reservation, please register online or call 877-247-5223. for same-day reservations, please call to check availability. during activities, every child must be accompanied by an adult. when noted below, please download and sign an emergency contact release form to attend. show more events parties to remember celebrate your girl with all-inclusive party packages designed to minimize stress and maximize fun! book reservations online, or call 877-247-5223. parties to remember celebrate your girl with all-inclusive party packages designed to minimize stress and maximize fun! book reservations online, or call 877-247-5223. for girls ages 3 and up birthday celebration make a reservation birthday celebration show more $31 per girl, $21 per adult wish your girl a happy birthday! this party package includes: a delicious meal signature cake and ice cream goody bags and doll tiaras a special gift for the birthday girl digital invitations duration of party is based on party size. each attendee is required to pay (including adults). an adult must be present during party. parties are booked based on availability. outside food and decorations are not allowed. other restrictions may apply. for girls ages 5 and up welliewishers™ birthday celebration make a reservation welliewishers™ birthday celebration show more $31 per girl, $21 per adult girls will love celebrating their big day with special welliewishers™ flair. this all-inclusive, themed package provides everything you need to make memories that will last a lifetime, including: a delicious meal signature cake and ice cream themed welliewishers™ goody bags and doll tiaras a crown for the birthday girl digital invitations duration of party is based on party size. each attendee is required to pay (including adults). an adult must be present during party. parties are booked based on availability. outside food and decorations are not allowed. other restrictions may apply. for girls ages 3 and up sweet sprinkles birthday celebration make a reservation sweet sprinkles birthday celebration show more $33 per girl, $21 per adult treat your girl to her sweetest birthday ever with this baking-inspired party! this party package includes: a delicious meal signature cake and ice cream digital invitations a goody bag stocked with baking gear, including a doll whisk, doll-sized apron, a toy cupcake, and more! doll tiaras, plus a crown for the birthday girl duration of party is based on party size. each attendee is required to pay (including adults). an adult must be present during party. parties are booked based on availability. outside food and decorations are not allowed. other restrictions may apply. for girls ages 8 and up deluxe birthday celebration make a reservation deluxe birthday celebration show more $47 per girl, $37 per adult for groups 5 - 12 give your girl the party of her dreams. this deluxe package includes 90 minutes of time in a private dining room: a delicious meal signature cake and ice cream digital invitations table activity and take-home craft goody bags and doll tiaras a special gift for the birthday girl deposit required. please see reservation confirmation for cancellation and modification details. each attendee is required to pay (including adults). an adult must be present during party. parties are booked based on availability. outside food and decorations are not allowed. 18% gratuity is charged for all parties of 7 or more. other restrictions may apply. for girls ages 5 and up welliewishers™ deluxe birthday celebration make a reservation welliewishers™ deluxe birthday celebration show more $47 per girl, $37 per adult for groups 5 - 12 throw a party inspired by the welliewishers! this all-inclusive, themed package includes 90 minutes of time in a private dining room: a delicious meal signature cake and ice cream digital invitations table activity and take-home craft goody bags and doll tiaras a special gift and crown for the birthday girl deposit required. please see reservation confirmation for cancellation and modification details. each attendee is required to pay (including adults). an adult must be present during party. parties are booked based on availability. outside food and decorations are not allowed. 18% gratuity is charged for all parties of 7 or more. other restrictions may apply. for girls ages 8 and up sweet sprinkles deluxe birthday celebration make a reservation sweet sprinkles deluxe birthday celebration show more $47 per girl, $37 per adult for groups 5 - 12 treat your girl to her sweetest birthday ever—give her the party of her dreams with this baking-inspired bash! this deluxe package includes 90 minutes of time in a private dining room, along with: a delicious meal signature cake and ice cream digital invitations a cupcake-decorating craft girls will love a goody bag stocked with baking gear, including a doll whisk, doll-sized apron, a toy cupcake, and more! doll tiaras, plus a crown for the birthday girl a cute pink spatula for the birthday girl to take home deposit required. please see reservation confirmation for cancellation and modification details. each attendee is required to pay (including adults). an adult must be present during party. parties are booked based on availability. outside food and decorations are not allowed. 18% gratuity is charged for all parties of 7 or more. other restrictions may apply. for girls ages 3 and up bitty baby deluxe birthday celebration make a reservation bitty baby deluxe birthday celebration show more $47 per girl, $37 per adult for groups 6 - 14 little girls will love this sweet party inspired by bitty baby. this all-inclusive, themed package includes 90 minutes of time in a private dining room: a delicious meal signature cake and ice cream digital invitations a ribbon wand craft themed goody bags and doll tiaras a special gift for the birthday girl deposit required. please see reservation confirmation for cancellation and modification details. each attendee is required to pay (including adults). an adult must be present during party. parties are booked based on availability. outside food and decorations are not allowed. 18% gratuity is charged for all parties of 7 or more. other restrictions may apply. new! at-home celebration kits surprise your girl with an american girl party you can host in the comfort of your own home—schedule pickup online, or call 877-247-5223. at-home celebration kits surprise your girl with an american girl party you can host in the comfort of your own home—schedule pickup online, or call 877-247-5223. deluxe take-home celebration schedule your pickup deluxe take-home celebration show more for girls ages 8 and up $20 per person for groups 4 - 20 take the party to go! now you can have an american girl birthday party at home. simply select the number of guests, and choose a day and time for pickup at the store. it's that easy to make your girl's birthday dreams come true! package includes: signature pink-and-white birthday cake carefully packaged in a to-go box digital invitations table talkers american girl-themed goody bag and take-home craft for each guest doll crown and doll-sized cup and saucer for each guest a birthday crown and special gift for the birthday girl prepayment is required. party price is based on number of guests indicated with order. please see order confirmation email for cancellation and modification details. other restrictions may apply. sweet sprinkles deluxe take-home celebration schedule your pickup sweet sprinkles deluxe take-home celebration show more for girls ages 8 and up $20 per person for groups 4 - 20 take the party to go! now you can have an american girl sweet sprinkles birthday party at home. simply select the number of guests, and choose a day and time for pickup at the store. it's that easy to make your girl's birthday dreams come true! package includes: signature pink-and-white birthday cake carefully packaged in a to-go box digital invitations table talkers a goody bag for each guest stocked with baking gear, including a doll whisk, doll-sized apron, a toy cupcake, and more a take-home craft for each guest doll crown and doll-sized cup and saucer for each guest a birthday crown and special gift for the birthday girl prepayment is required. party price is based on number of guests indicated with order. please see order confirmation email for cancellation and modification details. other restrictions may apply. bitty baby™ deluxe take-home celebration schedule your pickup bitty baby™ deluxe take-home celebration show more for girls ages 3 and up $20 per person for groups 4 - 20 take the party to go! now you can have a bitty baby birthday party at home. simply select the number of guests, and choose a day and time for pickup at the store. it's that easy to make your little girl's birthday dreams come true! package includes: signature pink-and-white birthday cake carefully packaged in a to-go box digital invitations table talkers bitty baby-themed goody bag and take-home craft for each guest doll crown and doll-sized cup and saucer for each guest a birthday crown and special gift for the birthday girl prepayment is required. party price is based on number of guests indicated with order. please see order confirmation email for cancellation and modification details. other restrictions may apply. welliewishers™ deluxe take-home celebration schedule your pickup welliewishers™ deluxe take-home celebration show more for girls ages 5 and up $20 per person for groups 4 - 20 take the party to go! now you can have a welliewishers birthday party at home. simply select the number of guests, and choose a day and time for pickup at the store. it's that easy to make your girl's birthday dreams come true! package includes: signature pink-and-white birthday cake carefully packaged in a to-go box digital invitations table talkers welliewishers-themed goody bag and take-home craft for each guest doll crown and doll-sized cup and saucer for each guest a birthday crown and special gift for the birthday girl prepayment is required. party price is based on number of guests indicated with order. please see order confirmation email for cancellation and modification details. other restrictions may apply. dining for every taste enjoy selections that appeal to girls and grown-ups alike—plus, we offer special seats just for doll friends. dining for every taste enjoy selections that appeal to girls and grown-ups alike—plus, we offer special seats just for doll friends. guests may be seated at the dining counter. a deposit is required for parties of 6 or more, to be applied to the bill at the time of your visit. an 18% gratuity is charged for all parties of 7 or more. to review, change, or cancel a reservation, please refer to your email confirmation or call 877-247-5223 for assistance. afternoon tea temporarily unavailable afternoon tea view menu opens a pdf lunch & dinner make a reservation lunch & dinner view menu opens a pdf now accepting reservations through february 2, 2021. signature salon for dolls looking for a new style or to add some sparkle? the dolled up salon can make it happen in so many ways! preview styles and services signature salon for dolls looking for a new style or to add some sparkle? the dolled up salon can make it happen in so many ways! preview all the styles and services available. preview styles and services doll hairstyling + ear piercing package make a reservation doll hairstyling + ear piercing package show more give her doll a new look! this special package includes a doll hairstyling session at the salon, where our stylists will create a great hairdo and share tips to take home. then, get her doll's ears pierced for a little extra shine. she'll also receive extra earring pairs and a take-home care tips booklet. available for 18" and welliewishers™ dolls. we only accept appointments for authentic american girl dolls. doll hairstyling make a reservation doll hairstyling show more a look-book of styles starts the fun! then girls can watch as stylists transform their dolls and share tips of creating great hairdos at home. we only accept appointments for authentic american girl dolls. doll ear piercing make a reservation doll ear piercing show more all dolled up! ear piercing is perfect for dolls that like a bit of glitz—it includes doll ear piercing, extra earring pairs, and a take-home care tips booklet. available for 18" and welliewishers™ dolls. we only accept appointments for authentic american girl dolls. doll hearing aid make a reservation doll hearing aid show more some friends need a little extra care. add a hearing aid to one or both ears. permanent piercing ensures a perfect fit; hearing aids are removable. we only accept appointments for authentic american girl 18” dolls. doll spa deluxe package make a reservation doll spa deluxe package show more make it a spa day! a soft scrub on her face, arms, and legs will have her doll feeling like new. and girls can take home a special pampering kit, too; it includes cucumber stickers for her eyes, nail decals, a headband, a salon cape, and a faux face mask. we only accept appointments for authentic american girl 18” dolls. doll pampering plus package make a reservation doll pampering plus package show more relaxed and refreshed! order a pampering for 18" and 15" dolls. they'll get a soft scrub to make them feel squeaky-clean. includes nail decals for 18" dolls. we only accept appointments for authentic american girl dolls. prices are subject to change and range from $10 to $30. number of guests for a reservation refers to the amount of dolls receiving the chosen service. for guests unable to book a reservation in advance, you may be able to make an appointment upon arrival at the store. please visit the salon immediately to check availability. if you wish for your girl’s doll to join you for a dining reservation, please make a doll hair appointment 60 minutes before your dining time. because our stylists are specifically trained to work with dolls that stand up to styling and accessorizing, please note that we only accept appointments for authentic american girl dolls. to review, change, or cancel a reservation, please refer to your email confirmation or call 877-247-5223 for assistance. shopping by appointment our associates can't wait to lend a hand with your in-store shopping needs. shopping by appointment our associates can't wait to lend a hand with your in-store shopping needs. schedule associate help for your visit make an appointment schedule associate help for your visit hotels full of hospitality please call our hotel partners directly to ask about special packages and rates for american girl visitors (rates are subject to change, and blackout dates do apply). don't forget to inquire about a bed for your doll! hotels full of hospitality please call our hotel partners directly to ask about special packages and rates for american girl visitors (rates are subject to change, and blackout dates do apply). don't forget to inquire about a bed for your doll! charlotte marriott southpark visit website charlotte marriott southpark show more 2200 rexford road charlotte, nc 28211 704-364-8220 get direction courtyard by marriott charlotte southpark visit website courtyard by marriott charlotte southpark show more 6023 park s drive charlotte, nc 28210 704-552-7333 get direction hampton inn & suites charlotte-south park at phillips place visit website hampton inn & suites charlotte-south park at phillips place show more 6700 phillips place court charlotte, nc 28210 704-319-5700 get direction renaissance charlotte southpark hotel visit website renaissance charlotte southpark hotel show more 5501 carnegie blvd charlotte, nc 28209 704-501-2510 get direction more in-store services and extras doll hospital admissions if your doll needs extra care or repair, we can admit her to the american girl doll hospital for treatment. you can expect a healthy homecoming in two to four weeks. returns and exchanges if it’s not quite right, bring it to the store with a receipt or packing slip for a refund or exchange (please review our return policy). military discount in salute to us military members, we offer an exclusive 15% discount on product purchases at our stores nationwide. customer reviews question or comments about our store? your name your e-mail (example@domain.com) subject and/or store location how can we help you? submit call us general help 800-845-0005 retail help 877-247-5223 email us send a message to our customer service staff doll hospital play on with help and healing from our expert medical staff ag rewards™ where play and points add up to the most inspired perks around our guarantee we hope that you and your girl love your purchase from american girl. if for any reason you don't, we'll try to find a way to make it right with an exchange, merchandise credit, or refund within two years of purchase. read more be in the know about the latest news, special offers, and more! sign up by signing up, you are agreeing to receive emails and notifications from american girl. how can we help? contact customer serviceopens a new window order status shipping information returns size charts assembly instructions printable order form gift cards want to hear more from us? request a catalogue browse a digital catalogue ready for a visit? find a store emergency release form can't find it? check here: frequently asked questions about american girl american girl publishing for parents & teachers media resources careers accepted payment methods please read our privacy statement and terms and conditions when you visit our site. copyright © 2020 american girl. all american girl marks are trademarks of american girl. recall information cookies and technologies read full special-offer disclaimers 1everyday free standard shipping with a minimum order of $135 or more. purchase total must equal or exceed the minimum order requirement to qualify. once qualified, free shipping will automatically apply in your shopping bag at checkout. additional charges apply for rush shipping, shipping outside of the us or canada, and shipping large items. rush shipping not available to canada. offer not valid american girl® outlet, indigo, or chapters™ retail locations or websites. charges for gift cards, shipping and processing, and sales tax; donations to a charitable cause; doll hair salon; doll hospital; parties, dining, and food purchases; special events tickets; and returns, exchanges, and requests for delayed shipping are excluded, and do not count toward the qualifying dollar amount. no refunds or adjustments on previous purchases or orders in progress that have not yet shipped. we reserve the right to limit order and item quantities. offer is subject to change at the discretion of american girl®. 2save up to 30% off select items while supplies last; promotional quantities may be limited and vary by location and online. promotional items may be removed or added on the first of each month. offer valid through removal of the product from the promotion page or until limited promotional quantities are exhausted. offer valid at american girl® retail stores and americangirl.com. not valid at american girl® outlet, amazon, kohls, or barnes & noble retail locations or websites. no refunds or adjustments on previous purchases, returns or exchanges, or orders in progress that have not yet shipped. we reserve the right to limit order and item quantities. unfortunately, the offer will not be extended if you are unable to order due to technical issues. 6save $5 with purchase of an american girl® 18” doll and select accessory. valid at americangirl.com and american girl® retail stores. not valid at american girl® outlet, indigo™ or chapters™ retail locations; amazon, kohls, or barnes & noble retail locations or websites. no refunds or adjustments on previous purchases, returns or exchanges, or orders in progress that have not yet shipped. we reserve the right to limit order and item quantities. unfortunately, the offer will not be extended if you are unable to order due to technical issues. 8save on outlet items while supplies last; quantities are limited to current stock. all outlet sales are final. product packaging may be in less-than-perfect condition, where marked on each product page. discounts shown are valid online for outlet items only at americangirl.com. discounts not valid elsewhere, including at american girl® retail stores and american girl® retail outlet. no refunds or adjustments on previous purchases or orders in progress that have not yet shipped. we reserve the right to limit order and item quantities. cannot be combined with offers available elsewhere. employee discounts do not apply. select a location charlotte (southpark mall) chicago (water tower place) columbus (easton town center) dallas (galleria dallas) hershey (outlet) (tanger outlets) houston (memorial city mall) los angeles (the grove) miami (the falls) nashville (coolsprings galleria) new york (rockefeller plaza) orlando (the florida mall) san francisco bay area (stanford shopping center) seattle (alderwood mall) washington, d.c. (tysons corner center) international canada (indigo|chapters)