来源URL: https://web.archive.org/web/20211231184504/https://www.americangirl.com/our-story
================================================================================

our story | american girl skip to content welcome to american girl grown-ups shop our selection of dolls, books, and more that help build girls of strong character. shop girls discover fun games, videos, and more activities to inspire your imagination. play ag rewards / sign in hello, rewards available back shop by category shop home new all new 35th special edition dolls team usa clothing & accessories gaming collection birthday collection summer shop ultimate bundles wow gifts best sellers courtney's style guide prabal gurung x american girl american girl x swarovski collector dolls cultural celebrations health and care holiday gift guide dolls create your own dolls all dolls truly me historical characters 35th anniversary dolls world by us courtney 1986 girl of the year 2021: kira girl of the year 2020: joss girl of the year 2019: blaire welliewishers bitty baby create your own furniture & accessories all furniture & accessories bed & home travel outfits & accessories vehicles & accessories doll shoes fashion accessories animals & extras school & music sports & hobbies food & dining accessories for girls ag logo shop baby doll furniture hair & spa clothing all clothing create your own clothing 18 inch doll clothes sports & hobbies casual special occasion ag logo shop clothing ag fashion show welliewishers bitty baby doll clothes pajamas girls' clothing as seen on youtube books sale monthly specials current offers & promotions last chance outlet gifts and birthday parties gift trunk ag stores welcome & planning charlotte chicago columbus dallas houston los angeles miami nashville new york orlando san francisco bay area washington, d.c. retail holiday happenings canada activities & advice all articles stay and play well-being family crafts recipes advice learning community honoring cultural celebrations from around the world celebration about ag our story our difference diversity & inclusion doll hospital help ag rewards / sign in hello, your tier is my account ag rewards sign out email sign-up order by 12/20 with expedited shipping for on-time christmas delivery shop now order by 12/20 with expedited shipping for on-time christmas delivery shop now close sign in welcome back! if you have saved your information by registering at americangirl.com, enter your email and password below. please use the email associated with your account. email address : password : forgot password? new to us? create an account loading... get the news and special offers you want tell us about you child child's name month day year i am the father mother grandparent friend/ other remove as an email subscriber, you can choose what news you receive—special offers, product introductions, store event notifications, and more. email address children's information (optional) privacy add a child sign up close thank you sorry... you'll be getting emails with special offers, product introductions, store event notifications, and more. we are unable to complete your request at this time. if you need help, please call 800-845-0005 and one of our service representatives will be happy to assist you. close close thank you sorry... you'll be getting emails with special offers, product introductions, store event notifications, and more. we are unable to complete your request at this time. if you need help, please call 800-845-0005 and one of our service representatives will be happy to assist you. close bringing out the joy of girlhood is at the heart of everything we do. through adventurous stories and imaginative play, we give girls the chance to discover who they are—and who they’re meant to be. no matter if she’s a toddler or entering her teen years, every girl can find inspiration to be her best, to grow a strong mind and spirit, to laugh while she learns to be resilient, confident, and kind. most of all, we hope to open girls’ eyes to a bigger world so they can create a brighter future for us all. bringing out the joy of girlhood is at the heart of everything we do. through adventurous stories and imaginative play, we give girls the chance to discover who they are—and who they’re meant to be. no matter if she’s a toddler or entering her teen years, every girl can find inspiration to be her best, to grow a strong mind and spirit, to laugh while she learns to be resilient, confident, and kind. most of all, we hope to open girls’ eyes to a bigger world so they can create a brighter future for us all. “the american girl experience is more than just a collection of toys. it is a collection of magical moments filled with goodness—moments that will nourish a little girl’s spirit, send her imagination soaring, and make her dreams come true.”—pleasant t. rowland “the american girl experience is more than just a collection of toys. it is a collection of magical moments filled with goodness—moments that will nourish a little girl’s spirit, send her imagination soaring, and make her dreams come true.”—pleasant t. rowland when pleasant founded american girl in 1986, she believed that great stories with aspirational characters could inspire girls to make their own positive mark on the world—and she was right. since then, we’ve been a trusted partner in empowering girls with confidence and character. after an inspirational trip to colonial williamsburg, pleasant combined her love of american history and her commitment to high-quality educational products to create our first-ever product line, the american girls collection. from there, she developed even more books, dolls, and toys that integrate learning and play experiences to emphasize important values. she also fulfilled her long-time dream of opening experiential retail stores, the first of which debuted in chicago in 1998, where fans could see and shop the product in person and fully immerse themselves in the world of american girl. as american girl grew in popularity, major toy companies took notice, and mattel acquired the brand in 1998. today, guided by pleasant’s original vision, we’ve grown into one of the nation’s most beloved brands. through powerful stories of courageous heroines, we’ve helped shape an entire generation of women of character—a brand truth we are immensely proud of and a testament to the spirit and ingenuity of our remarkable founder, pleasant t. rowland. when pleasant founded american girl in 1986, she believed that great stories with aspirational characters could inspire girls to make their own positive mark on the world—and she was right. since then, we’ve been a trusted partner in empowering girls with confidence and character. after an inspirational trip to colonial williamsburg, pleasant combined her love of american history and her commitment to high-quality educational products to create our first-ever product line, the american girls collection. from there, she developed even more books, dolls, and toys that integrate learning and play experiences to emphasize important values. she also fulfilled her long-time dream of opening experiential retail stores, the first of which debuted in chicago in 1998, where fans could see and shop the product in person and fully immerse themselves in the world of american girl. as american girl grew in popularity, major toy companies took notice, and mattel acquired the brand in 1998. today, guided by pleasant’s original vision, we’ve grown into one of the nation’s most beloved brands. through powerful stories of courageous heroines, we’ve helped shape an entire generation of women of character—a brand truth we are immensely proud of and a testament to the spirit and ingenuity of our remarkable founder, pleasant t. rowland. our flagship historical characters launch, featuring 18-inch dolls with wide worlds of play for girls ages 8 and up. each character is highlighted in a book series that explores her era and offers a dramatic understanding of the role women and girls played in shaping our country. shop historical characters shop all books our flagship historical characters launch, featuring 18-inch dolls with wide worlds of play for girls ages 8 and up. each character is highlighted in a book series that explores her era and offers a dramatic understanding of the role women and girls played in shaping our country. shop historical characters shop all books a contemporary 18-inch doll world that has since evolved into truly me™ debuts. these dolls encourage a girl to express, explore, and discover who she is right now—and to find the confidence to be her true self. shop truly me a contemporary 18-inch doll world that has since evolved into truly me™ debuts. these dolls encourage a girl to express, explore, and discover who she is right now—and to find the confidence to be her true self. shop truly me the world of bitty baby®, a 15-inch baby doll, arrives to help teach younger girls important life skills like caring and nurturing. shop bitty baby the world of bitty baby®, a 15-inch baby doll, arrives to help teach younger girls important life skills like caring and nurturing. shop bitty baby contemporary books, highlighted by expert advice and hands-on activities, join the american girl library of historical fiction to expand the range of topics and entertainment for girls. shop all books contemporary books, highlighted by expert advice and hands-on activities, join the american girl library of historical fiction to expand the range of topics and entertainment for girls. shop all books the first american girl store opens in chicago, bringing to life all the characters and experiences girls love in an award-winning retail environment. in subsequent years, our stores spread across the country, giving girls nationwide the chance to enjoy dining, celebrations, salon treatments, and hands-on activities like nowhere else. explore our stores the first american girl store opens in chicago, bringing to life all the characters and experiences girls love in an award-winning retail environment. in subsequent years, our stores spread across the country, giving girls nationwide the chance to enjoy dining, celebrations, salon treatments, and hands-on activities like nowhere else. explore our stores girl of the year™ joins the american girl world as 18-inch contemporary character dolls who experience modern-day issues and give voice to a diverse range of personalities and backgrounds. shop girl of the year girl of the year™ joins the american girl world as 18-inch contemporary character dolls who experience modern-day issues and give voice to a diverse range of personalities and backgrounds. shop girl of the year the welliewishers™ blossom to life with a world of 14.5-inch character dolls, early chapter books, and accessories for girls ages 4-7 that teach how to build lasting friendships. shop welliewishers the welliewishers™ blossom to life with a world of 14.5-inch character dolls, early chapter books, and accessories for girls ages 4-7 that teach how to build lasting friendships. shop welliewishers the ultimate experience in personalization arrives with create your own, enabling girls to design the doll and apparel they’ve always dreamed of. shop create your own the ultimate experience in personalization arrives with create your own, enabling girls to design the doll and apparel they’ve always dreamed of. shop create your own based on their high quality and authenticity, many of our dolls, sets, and books have earned prestigious awards for play and developmental value. view latest awards to support children and their needs, we contribute to several charitable organizations—and you can even request a donation for your cause. view our charitable partnerships to enrich the experience girls enjoy with our characters, we developed learning guides for parents and teachers that go beyond the page and explore new ideas. view all free materials since our start in 1986, we’ve dedicated our entire business to being a trusted partner in building girls of strong character and helping them reach their full potential. as a wholly owned subsidiary of mattel, we are one of the nation’s top omni-channel marketers, with direct, retail, and publishing divisions to serve the american girl brand and our customers. we’re headquartered in middleton, wisconsin. with 12 american girl® retail stores and an additional warehouse and distribution center in deforest, wisconsin, our facilities total over 1 million square feet. since our start in 1986, we’ve dedicated our entire business to being a trusted partner in building girls of strong character and helping them reach their full potential. as a wholly owned subsidiary of mattel, we are one of the nation’s top omni-channel marketers, with direct, retail, and publishing divisions to serve the american girl brand and our customers. we’re headquartered in middleton, wisconsin. with 12 american girl® retail stores and an additional warehouse and distribution center in deforest, wisconsin, our facilities total over 1 million square feet. more than 160 million of our books have been sold since 1986. over 36 million of our dolls have been sold through the company’s catalogue, retail stores, and website since 1986. our retail stores have welcomed over 105 million visitors and are recognized as premier models for experiential retail. americangirl.com receives more than 36 million visits per year. our social channels have gained a combined audience of over 2.6 million followers. we have a long-standing commitment to children’s charities and have donated more than $135 million in merchandise and cash to thousands of u.s. nonprofits. we’re proud to feature one of the most inclusive and diverse selections of dolls today. from the beginning, our goal has been to create dolls and stories that act as both mirrors and windows—giving girls an opportunity to see a direct reflection of themselves or a chance to learn about a life or culture that may be very different from their own. our wide range of dolls—offering a variety of skin tones, face molds, eye colors, hair styles and textures, plus hundreds of accessories and stories—helps girls highlight their individuality and style. our commitment to diversity and inclusion extends even further, continuing with our selection of dolls without hair. these dolls are a perfect companion for girls who may be dealing with permanent or temporary hair loss. in addition to dolls without hair, we offer several other specialized items, such as an asthma and allergy set, service dog gear, crutches, a wheelchair, and a diabetes kit. plus, hearing aid placement is also available for our 18-inch dolls (historical characters, truly me™, and create your own), either at the time of purchase or through our doll hospital. we’re proud to feature one of the most inclusive and diverse selections of dolls today. from the beginning, our goal has been to create dolls and stories that act as both mirrors and windows—giving girls an opportunity to see a direct reflection of themselves or a chance to learn about a life or culture that may be very different from their own. our wide range of dolls—offering a variety of skin tones, face molds, eye colors, hair styles and textures, plus hundreds of accessories and stories—helps girls highlight their individuality and style. our commitment to diversity and inclusion extends even further, continuing with our selection of dolls without hair. these dolls are a perfect companion for girls who may be dealing with permanent or temporary hair loss. in addition to dolls without hair, we offer several other specialized items, such as an asthma and allergy set, service dog gear, crutches, a wheelchair, and a diabetes kit. plus, hearing aid placement is also available for our 18-inch dolls (historical characters, truly me™, and create your own), either at the time of purchase or through our doll hospital. we seek to help create a world where everyone is valued and respected, and we stand united in the fight against systemic racism. we are committed to empowering the next generation of girls through inclusive stories, products, and shared experiences. learn more about our commitment to racial equality, plus check out our free online library of diverse books. we seek to help create a world where everyone is valued and respected, and we stand united in the fight against systemic racism. we are committed to empowering the next generation of girls through inclusive stories, products, and shared experiences. learn more about our commitment to racial equality, plus check out our free online library of diverse books. for media inquiries, email us at pr@americangirl.com. our response time may vary, so thank you for your patience. if you are not 18 years of age or older, ask a parent or guardian for permission before contacting us. view latest news releases for media inquiries, email us at pr@americangirl.com. our response time may vary, so thank you for your patience. if you are not 18 years of age or older, ask a parent or guardian for permission before contacting us. view latest news releases call us general help 800-845-0005 retail help 877-247-5223 email us send a message to our customer service staff doll hospital play on with help and healing from our expert medical staff ag rewards™ where play and points add up to the most inspired perks around our guarantee we hope that you and your girl love your purchase from american girl. if for any reason you don't, we'll try to find a way to make it right with an exchange, merchandise credit, or refund for purchases made within the last year. read more be in the know about the latest news, special offers, and more! sign up by signing up, you are agreeing to receive emails and notifications from american girl. how can we help? contact customer serviceopens a new window order status shipping information returns size charts assembly instructions printable order form gift cards want to hear more from us? request a catalogue browse a digital catalogue shop the mattel family of brandsopens a new window ready for a visit? find a store emergency release form can't find it? check here: frequently asked questions about american girl american girl publishing for parents & teachers media resources careers accessibility statement accepted payment methods please read our privacy statement and terms and conditions when you visit our site. copyright © 2021 american girl. all american girl marks are trademarks of american girl. recall information cookies and technologies read full special-offer disclaimers 1everyday free standard shipping with a minimum order of $140 or more. purchase total must equal or exceed the minimum order requirement to qualify. once qualified, free shipping will automatically apply in your shopping bag at checkout. additional charges apply for rush shipping, shipping outside of the us or canada, and shipping large items. rush shipping not available to canada. offer not valid american girl® outlet, indigo, or chapters™ retail locations or websites. charges for gift cards, shipping and processing, and sales tax; donations to a charitable cause; doll hair salon; doll hospital; parties, dining, and food purchases; special events tickets; and returns, exchanges, and requests for delayed shipping are excluded, and do not count toward the qualifying dollar amount. no refunds or adjustments on previous purchases or orders in progress that have not yet shipped. we reserve the right to limit order and item quantities. offer is subject to change at the discretion of american girl®. 2save up to 40% off select items while supplies last; promotional quantities may be limited and vary by location and online. promotional items may be removed or added on the first of each month. offer valid through removal of the product from the promotion page or until limited promotional quantities are exhausted. offer valid at american girl® retail stores and americangirl.com. not valid at american girl® outlet, amazon, kohls, or barnes & noble retail locations or websites. no refunds or adjustments on previous purchases, returns or exchanges, or orders in progress that have not yet shipped. we reserve the right to limit order and item quantities. unfortunately, the offer will not be extended if you are unable to order due to technical issues. 3ag rewards™ members receive one free courtney’s™ girl & doll scrunchie (sku gwd22) with a purchase of either courtney’s™ tv & fitness accessories (sku gtk48) or courtney’s™ fitness outfit (sku gwm42). offer valid while supplies last and applies only to orders of gtk48 or gwm42. limited quantities. offer valid for rewards members only. limit one free item per order. offer valid only at american girl® us retail locations and americangirl.com. not valid at american girl® outlet; indigo™ or chapters™ retail locations; amazon, kohls, or barnes & noble retail locations or websites. no refunds or adjustments on previous purchases, returns or exchanges, or orders in progress that have not yet shipped. we reserve the right to limit order and item quantities. unfortunately, the offer will not be extended if you are unable to order due to technical issues. sorry, no substitutions or discounts on previous purchases. cannot be combined with other offers. we reserve the right to limit order and item quantities. ag rewards™ members must be signed into their rewards account online or provide store associates their account information at time of purchase to receive free gift through online and in-store purchase(s). 5save $5 with purchase of an american girl® 18” doll and select accessory. valid at americangirl.com and american girl® retail stores. not valid at american girl® outlet, indigo™ or chapters™ retail locations; amazon, kohls, or barnes & noble retail locations or websites. no refunds or adjustments on previous purchases, returns or exchanges, or orders in progress that have not yet shipped. we reserve the right to limit order and item quantities. unfortunately, the offer will not be extended if you are unable to order due to technical issues. 6receive 10% off historical character and girl of the year™ pajama collections and $50 pricing on select truly me™, welliewishers™, and bitty baby® pajama collections. promotional quantities may be limited and vary by american girl® store location and online. offer valid through 11:59 p.m. central time on 12/24/21 or while promotional supplies last. offers are not valid at indigo™ or chapters™ retail locations; amazon, kohls, or barnes & noble retail locations or websites. no refunds or adjustments on previous purchases, returns or exchanges, or orders in progress that have not yet shipped. cannot be combined with other offers, substituted, or redeemed for cash. we reserve the right to limit order and item quantities. unfortunately, the offers within will not be extended if you are unable to order due to technical issues. 7ag rewards™ members receive special pricing on (sku hhh99) joss’s™ surf & shine collection (gkx53 joss doll & book, glr53 joss’s cheer team jacket, gmk21 joss’s wetsuit; retail value $145.00), offer valid beginning 3/26/21. promotional quantities may be limited and vary by location and online. offer valid for ag rewards™ members only. ag rewards™ members must be signed into their rewards account online or provide store associates their account information to purchase joss’s™ surf & sport collection online and in-store. offer valid while promotional supplies last. offers are not valid at american girl® outlet; indigo™ or chapters™ retail locations; amazon, kohls, or barnes & noble retail locations or websites. no refunds or adjustments on previous purchases, returns or exchanges, or orders in progress that have not yet shipped. cannot be combined with other offers, substituted, or redeemed for cash. we reserve the right to limit order and item quantities. unfortunately, the offers within will not be extended if you are unable to order due to technical issues. 8save on outlet items while supplies last; quantities are limited to current stock. all outlet sales are final. product packaging may be in less-than-perfect condition, where marked on each product page. discounts shown are valid online for outlet items only at americangirl.com. discounts not valid elsewhere, including at american girl® retail stores and american girl® retail outlet. no refunds or adjustments on previous purchases or orders in progress that have not yet shipped. we reserve the right to limit order and item quantities. cannot be combined with offers available elsewhere. employee discounts do not apply. 9ag rewards™ members receive 4x ag rewards points on their purchase, from 12/16/21 through 11:59 p.m. central time on 12/19/21. offer valid only at american girl® us retail locations and americangirl.com. not valid at indigo™ or chapters™ retail locations; amazon, kohls, or barnes & noble retail locations or websites. no refunds or adjustments on previous purchases, returns or exchanges, or orders in progress that have not yet shipped. we reserve the right to limit order and item quantities. unfortunately, the offer will not be extended if you are unable to order due to technical issues. ag rewards™ members must be signed into their rewards account online or provide store associates their account information to receive 4x rewards points through online and in-store purchase(s). “receive quadruple ag rewards points” means you will receive 4x the point value of your current tier earning power. for example, silver members will earn 4 points for every $1.00 spent, gold members will receive 5 points for every $1.00 spent, and berry members will receive 6 points for every $1.00 spent. these extra additional points are only awarded in conjunction with base points earned because of a purchase under the terms of the rewards program. points will be credited to your rewards program account within 7 days after initial purchase. this promotion excludes the accrual of additional points for non-qualifying purchases under the terms of the rewards program. additional points may be reversed if a qualifying purchase is returned or canceled. you may only receive additional points once on a single purchase, no matter the number of offers that apply. visit www.americangirl.com or call customer service at 800-845-0005 for more information. available rewards are subject to change without notice. restrictions apply. 12save $20 with purchase of select bitty baby® doll and select accessory. applies only to 04bun117, 04bun118, 04bun119, 04bun120, 04bun121, and 04bun122. valid at americangirl.com and american girl® retail stores. not valid at indigo™ or chapters™ retail locations; amazon, kohls, or barnes & noble retail locations or websites. no refunds or adjustments on previous purchases, returns or exchanges, or orders in progress that have not yet shipped. we reserve the right to limit order and item quantities. unfortunately, the offer will not be extended if you are unable to order due to technical issues. close