来源URL: https://web.archive.org/web/20211231184504/https://www.americangirl.com/shop/ag/shipping-information
================================================================================

shipping information | american girl skip to content welcome to american girl grown-ups shop our selection of dolls, books, and more that help build girls of strong character. shop girls discover fun games, videos, and more activities to inspire your imagination. play ag rewards / sign in hello, rewards available back shop by category shop home new all new 35th special edition dolls team usa clothing & accessories gaming collection birthday collection summer shop ultimate bundles wow gifts best sellers courtney's style guide prabal gurung x american girl american girl x swarovski collector dolls cultural celebrations health and care holiday gift guide dolls create your own dolls all dolls truly me historical characters 35th anniversary dolls world by us courtney 1986 girl of the year 2021: kira girl of the year 2020: joss girl of the year 2019: blaire welliewishers bitty baby create your own furniture & accessories all furniture & accessories bed & home travel outfits & accessories vehicles & accessories doll shoes fashion accessories animals & extras school & music sports & hobbies food & dining accessories for girls ag logo shop baby doll furniture hair & spa clothing all clothing create your own clothing 18 inch doll clothes sports & hobbies casual special occasion ag logo shop clothing ag fashion show welliewishers bitty baby doll clothes pajamas girls' clothing as seen on youtube books sale monthly specials current offers & promotions last chance outlet gifts and birthday parties gift trunk ag stores welcome & planning charlotte chicago columbus dallas houston los angeles miami nashville new york orlando san francisco bay area washington, d.c. retail holiday happenings canada activities & advice all articles stay and play well-being family crafts recipes advice learning community honoring cultural celebrations from around the world celebration about ag our story our difference diversity & inclusion doll hospital help ag rewards / sign in hello, your tier is my account ag rewards sign out email sign-up order by 12/20 with expedited shipping for on-time christmas delivery shop now order by 12/20 with expedited shipping for on-time christmas delivery shop now close sign in welcome back! if you have saved your information by registering at americangirl.com, enter your email and password below. please use the email associated with your account. email address : password : forgot password? new to us? create an account loading... get the news and special offers you want tell us about you child child's name month day year i am the father mother grandparent friend/ other remove as an email subscriber, you can choose what news you receive—special offers, product introductions, store event notifications, and more. email address children's information (optional) privacy add a child sign up close thank you sorry... you'll be getting emails with special offers, product introductions, store event notifications, and more. we are unable to complete your request at this time. if you need help, please call 800-845-0005 and one of our service representatives will be happy to assist you. close close thank you sorry... you'll be getting emails with special offers, product introductions, store event notifications, and more. we are unable to complete your request at this time. if you need help, please call 800-845-0005 and one of our service representatives will be happy to assist you. close shipping information for shipments in the united states our company name is printed on all packages. on the shipping label below the ship-to address, it will say in small type, "order from american girl." all mail correspondence from american girl will include our company name above the return address. standard shipping our goal is to ship your order as quickly as possible, subject to availability (we'll inform you if an item is temporarily out of stock), receipt of payment, and credit authorization. standard delivery is free for orders of $140 or more. delivery estimates appear at checkout, and delivery calculation starts on the first business day after the order is placed (business days are monday through friday, not including holidays). use guaranteed rush shipping to ensure arrival by a specific date (see second table below for options and pricing). in most cases, we ship to po boxes, apos/fpos, us territories, alaska, hawaii, and canada by first class priority mail. the order may be shipped in multiple boxes. order total shipping cost up to $40 $6 $40.01 - $80 $9 $80.01 - $139.99 $13 $140+* $0 *everyday free standard shipping with a minimum order of $140 or more. purchase total must equal or exceed the minimum order requirement to qualify. once qualified, free shipping will automatically apply in your shopping bag at checkout. additional charges apply for rush shipping, shipping outside of the us or canada, and shipping large items. rush shipping not available to canada. offer not valid at american girl® outlet, indigo, or chapters™ retail locations or websites. charges for gift cards, shipping and processing, and sales tax; doll hair salon; doll hospital; parties, dining, and food purchases; special events tickets; and returns, exchanges, and requests for delayed shipping are excluded, and do not count toward the qualifying dollar amount. no refunds or adjustments on previous purchases or orders in progress that have not yet shipped. we reserve the right to limit order and item quantities. offer is subject to change at the discretion of american girl. rush shipping rush shipping is available for most items, except to apo/fpo and american territories. most items can be delivered within two business days anywhere in the continental us*. delivery calculation starts on the first business day after the order is placed (business days are monday through friday, not including holidays). when applicable, surcharges for large or heavy items are noted following the item's price. rush shipping on qualifying free-shipping orders (minimum $140 purchase) incur the rush surcharge only. rush options shipping cost express (3 business days) $15 expedited (2 business days) $25 *please allow one additional processing day. for shipments to canada our goal is to ship your order as quickly as possible, subject to availability (we'll inform you if an item is temporarily out of stock), receipt of payment, and credit authorization. delivery dates appear at checkout and are only estimates. delivery calculation starts on the first business day after the order is placed (business days are monday through friday, not including holidays). we ship to canadian addresses via canada post. shipments to canada are also subject to canada delivery fees (comprised of applicable duties, taxes, and brokerage fees) paid through a customs broker to allow delivery to your door. no other payment will be required to accept delivery of your order. order total shipping cost up to $40 $10 $40.01 - $80 $13 $80.01 - $139.99 $16 $140+* $0 *everyday free standard shipping with a minimum order of $140 or more. purchase total must equal or exceed the minimum order requirement to qualify. once qualified, free shipping will automatically apply in your shopping bag at checkout. additional charges apply for rush shipping, shipping outside of the us or canada, and shipping large items. rush shipping not available to canada. offer not valid at american girl® outlet, indigo, or chapters™ retail locations or websites. charges for gift cards, shipping and processing, and sales tax; doll hair salon; doll hospital; parties, dining, and food purchases; special events tickets; and returns, exchanges, and requests for delayed shipping are excluded, and do not count toward the qualifying dollar amount. no refunds or adjustments on previous purchases or orders in progress that have not yet shipped. we reserve the right to limit order and item quantities. offer is subject to change at the discretion of american girl. for express shipping, which may reduce delivery time up to 2-3 days, add $10. if your order qualifies for free shipping, you only pay the express surcharge. american girl brands, llc is an approved credits participant with the canada border services agency (cbsa). by ordering goods from american girl brands, llc, you authorize landmark trade services ltd., an approved customs broker in credits, to act as your agent and to transact business with the cbsa to obtain release of your merchandise, account for duties and taxes, return merchandise to american girl brands, llc, and electronically submit refund claims on your behalf. under the credits program, you are aware that the cbsa will send any refund of duties and taxes that were paid on the returned merchandise to the customs broker, and that you will obtain the refund directly from american girl brands, llc. further, you also authorize landmark trade services ltd to forward any refund issued by the cbsa in your name so that american girl brands, llc can be reimbursed. for shipments to all other international locations shipping and processing rates cover the us and its possessions. for international rates, email at intlservice@americangirl.com, or from outside the u.s., call 011-608-831-5210 or fax 011-608-828-4790. recipient of order is responsible for all taxes and duties. call us general help 800-845-0005 retail help 877-247-5223 email us send a message to our customer service staff doll hospital play on with help and healing from our expert medical staff ag rewards™ where play and points add up to the most inspired perks around our guarantee we hope that you and your girl love your purchase from american girl. if for any reason you don't, we'll try to find a way to make it right with an exchange, merchandise credit, or refund for purchases made within the last year. read more be in the know about the latest news, special offers, and more! sign up by signing up, you are agreeing to receive emails and notifications from american girl. how can we help? contact customer serviceopens a new window order status shipping information returns size charts assembly instructions printable order form gift cards want to hear more from us? request a catalogue browse a digital catalogue shop the mattel family of brandsopens a new window ready for a visit? find a store emergency release form can't find it? check here: frequently asked questions about american girl american girl publishing for parents & teachers media resources careers accessibility statement accepted payment methods please read our privacy statement and terms and conditions when you visit our site. copyright © 2021 american girl. all american girl marks are trademarks of american girl. recall information cookies and technologies read full special-offer disclaimers 1everyday free standard shipping with a minimum order of $140 or more. purchase total must equal or exceed the minimum order requirement to qualify. once qualified, free shipping will automatically apply in your shopping bag at checkout. additional charges apply for rush shipping, shipping outside of the us or canada, and shipping large items. rush shipping not available to canada. offer not valid american girl® outlet, indigo, or chapters™ retail locations or websites. charges for gift cards, shipping and processing, and sales tax; donations to a charitable cause; doll hair salon; doll hospital; parties, dining, and food purchases; special events tickets; and returns, exchanges, and requests for delayed shipping are excluded, and do not count toward the qualifying dollar amount. no refunds or adjustments on previous purchases or orders in progress that have not yet shipped. we reserve the right to limit order and item quantities. offer is subject to change at the discretion of american girl®. 2save up to 40% off select items while supplies last; promotional quantities may be limited and vary by location and online. promotional items may be removed or added on the first of each month. offer valid through removal of the product from the promotion page or until limited promotional quantities are exhausted. offer valid at american girl® retail stores and americangirl.com. not valid at american girl® outlet, amazon, kohls, or barnes & noble retail locations or websites. no refunds or adjustments on previous purchases, returns or exchanges, or orders in progress that have not yet shipped. we reserve the right to limit order and item quantities. unfortunately, the offer will not be extended if you are unable to order due to technical issues. 3ag rewards™ members receive one free courtney’s™ girl & doll scrunchie (sku gwd22) with a purchase of either courtney’s™ tv & fitness accessories (sku gtk48) or courtney’s™ fitness outfit (sku gwm42). offer valid while supplies last and applies only to orders of gtk48 or gwm42. limited quantities. offer valid for rewards members only. limit one free item per order. offer valid only at american girl® us retail locations and americangirl.com. not valid at american girl® outlet; indigo™ or chapters™ retail locations; amazon, kohls, or barnes & noble retail locations or websites. no refunds or adjustments on previous purchases, returns or exchanges, or orders in progress that have not yet shipped. we reserve the right to limit order and item quantities. unfortunately, the offer will not be extended if you are unable to order due to technical issues. sorry, no substitutions or discounts on previous purchases. cannot be combined with other offers. we reserve the right to limit order and item quantities. ag rewards™ members must be signed into their rewards account online or provide store associates their account information at time of purchase to receive free gift through online and in-store purchase(s). 5save $5 with purchase of an american girl® 18” doll and select accessory. valid at americangirl.com and american girl® retail stores. not valid at american girl® outlet, indigo™ or chapters™ retail locations; amazon, kohls, or barnes & noble retail locations or websites. no refunds or adjustments on previous purchases, returns or exchanges, or orders in progress that have not yet shipped. we reserve the right to limit order and item quantities. unfortunately, the offer will not be extended if you are unable to order due to technical issues. 6receive 10% off historical character and girl of the year™ pajama collections and $50 pricing on select truly me™, welliewishers™, and bitty baby® pajama collections. promotional quantities may be limited and vary by american girl® store location and online. offer valid through 11:59 p.m. central time on 12/24/21 or while promotional supplies last. offers are not valid at indigo™ or chapters™ retail locations; amazon, kohls, or barnes & noble retail locations or websites. no refunds or adjustments on previous purchases, returns or exchanges, or orders in progress that have not yet shipped. cannot be combined with other offers, substituted, or redeemed for cash. we reserve the right to limit order and item quantities. unfortunately, the offers within will not be extended if you are unable to order due to technical issues. 7ag rewards™ members receive special pricing on (sku hhh99) joss’s™ surf & shine collection (gkx53 joss doll & book, glr53 joss’s cheer team jacket, gmk21 joss’s wetsuit; retail value $145.00), offer valid beginning 3/26/21. promotional quantities may be limited and vary by location and online. offer valid for ag rewards™ members only. ag rewards™ members must be signed into their rewards account online or provide store associates their account information to purchase joss’s™ surf & sport collection online and in-store. offer valid while promotional supplies last. offers are not valid at american girl® outlet; indigo™ or chapters™ retail locations; amazon, kohls, or barnes & noble retail locations or websites. no refunds or adjustments on previous purchases, returns or exchanges, or orders in progress that have not yet shipped. cannot be combined with other offers, substituted, or redeemed for cash. we reserve the right to limit order and item quantities. unfortunately, the offers within will not be extended if you are unable to order due to technical issues. 8save on outlet items while supplies last; quantities are limited to current stock. all outlet sales are final. product packaging may be in less-than-perfect condition, where marked on each product page. discounts shown are valid online for outlet items only at americangirl.com. discounts not valid elsewhere, including at american girl® retail stores and american girl® retail outlet. no refunds or adjustments on previous purchases or orders in progress that have not yet shipped. we reserve the right to limit order and item quantities. cannot be combined with offers available elsewhere. employee discounts do not apply. 9ag rewards™ members receive 4x ag rewards points on their purchase, from 12/16/21 through 11:59 p.m. central time on 12/19/21. offer valid only at american girl® us retail locations and americangirl.com. not valid at indigo™ or chapters™ retail locations; amazon, kohls, or barnes & noble retail locations or websites. no refunds or adjustments on previous purchases, returns or exchanges, or orders in progress that have not yet shipped. we reserve the right to limit order and item quantities. unfortunately, the offer will not be extended if you are unable to order due to technical issues. ag rewards™ members must be signed into their rewards account online or provide store associates their account information to receive 4x rewards points through online and in-store purchase(s). “receive quadruple ag rewards points” means you will receive 4x the point value of your current tier earning power. for example, silver members will earn 4 points for every $1.00 spent, gold members will receive 5 points for every $1.00 spent, and berry members will receive 6 points for every $1.00 spent. these extra additional points are only awarded in conjunction with base points earned because of a purchase under the terms of the rewards program. points will be credited to your rewards program account within 7 days after initial purchase. this promotion excludes the accrual of additional points for non-qualifying purchases under the terms of the rewards program. additional points may be reversed if a qualifying purchase is returned or canceled. you may only receive additional points once on a single purchase, no matter the number of offers that apply. visit www.americangirl.com or call customer service at 800-845-0005 for more information. available rewards are subject to change without notice. restrictions apply. 12save $20 with purchase of select bitty baby® doll and select accessory. applies only to 04bun117, 04bun118, 04bun119, 04bun120, 04bun121, and 04bun122. valid at americangirl.com and american girl® retail stores. not valid at indigo™ or chapters™ retail locations; amazon, kohls, or barnes & noble retail locations or websites. no refunds or adjustments on previous purchases, returns or exchanges, or orders in progress that have not yet shipped. we reserve the right to limit order and item quantities. unfortunately, the offer will not be extended if you are unable to order due to technical issues. close