来源URL: https://web.archive.org/web/20241231110541/https://www.americangirl.com/pages/holiday-events
================================================================================

american girl® retail holiday events – americangirl.com enable accessibility enable accessibility stores charlotte chicago dallas los angeles nashville new york orlando washington, d.c. learn more ag rewards™ sign in or join wish list end of season sale: up to 70% off shop the sale need a gift? there’s still time! shop e-gift cards merry & memorable events in store rsvp now play now, pay later with shop paylearn more free shipping on all orders $150+shop now promo play/pause dolls featured create your own doll finder girl of the year™ 2025: summer girl of the year™ 2024: lila julie albright™ collector series dolls end of season sale current offers & promotions doll brands all dolls bitty baby® create your own disney collector dolls disney dolls girl of the year™ historical characters truly me™ welliewishers™ doll care doll care center doll carriers & storage doll hair care shop by age ages 18m+ ages 4+ ages 6+ ages 8+ gifts birthday shop gift sets new & trending featured bestsellers girl of the year™ 2025: summer collector series dolls disney dolls new arrivals all new arrivals dolls accessories & playsets adult clothing & accessories books clothing gifts birthday shop birthstone collection create your own gift sets sale end of season sale current offers & promotions $30 and under $50 and under $100 and under create your own customization create your own doll accessories featured babysitting shop harry potter™ sleepover shop travel shop end of season sale current offers & promotions playsets & accessories all accessories & playsets beds & bedroom accessories bitty baby® doll accessories doll cars & planes dollhouses & playhouses food & kitchen sets doll salon & hair care health & care music pets & plushes school accessories sports & gaming books all books advice & activities books care & keeping of you books girl of the year™ books historical characters books smart girl's guides books welliewishers™ books world by us™ books shop by age ages 18m+ ages 3+ ages 4+ ages 6+ ages 8+ gifts birthday shop gift sets wow gifts clothing featured all clothing & accessories ag® x nfl ag logo shop cultural celebrations shop harry potter™ sleepover shop end of season sale current offers & promotions dolls all doll clothing & accessories 18" doll clothing 14.5" welliewishers™ clothing baby doll clothing doll pajamas doll shoes & accessories matching doll & girl outfits girls all girl clothing & accessories ag logo shop beauty girl pajamas girl shoes & accessories matching doll & girl outfits adult adult clothing & accessories shop by age ages 18m+ ages 4+ ages 6+ ages 8+ gifts birthday shop birthstone collection gift sets sale sale end of season sale current offers & promotions bag 0 americangirl.com search bag 0 toggle navigation close nav menu dolls new & trending create your own accessories clothing sale find your store charlotte chicago dallas los angeles nashville new york orlando washington, d.c. learn more ag rewards™ sign up or sign in wish list dolls back featured doll brands doll care shop by age gifts new & trending back featured new arrivals gifts sale create your own back customization accessories back featured playsets & accessories books shop by age gifts clothing back featured dolls girls adult shop by age gifts sale back sale featured back create your own doll finder girl of the year™ 2025: summer girl of the year™ 2024: lila julie albright™ collector series dolls end of season sale current offers & promotions doll brands back all dolls bitty baby® create your own disney collector dolls disney dolls girl of the year™ historical characters truly me™ welliewishers™ doll care back doll care center doll carriers & storage doll hair care shop by age back ages 18m+ ages 4+ ages 6+ ages 8+ gifts back birthday shop gift sets featured back bestsellers girl of the year™ 2025: summer collector series dolls disney dolls new arrivals back all new arrivals dolls accessories & playsets adult clothing & accessories books clothing gifts back birthday shop birthstone collection create your own gift sets sale back end of season sale current offers & promotions $30 and under $50 and under $100 and under customization back create your own doll featured back babysitting shop harry potter™ sleepover shop travel shop end of season sale current offers & promotions playsets & accessories back all accessories & playsets beds & bedroom accessories bitty baby® doll accessories doll cars & planes dollhouses & playhouses food & kitchen sets doll salon & hair care health & care music pets & plushes school accessories sports & gaming books back all books advice & activities books care & keeping of you books girl of the year™ books historical characters books smart girl's guides books welliewishers™ books world by us™ books shop by age back ages 18m+ ages 3+ ages 4+ ages 6+ ages 8+ gifts back birthday shop gift sets wow gifts featured back all clothing & accessories ag® x nfl ag logo shop cultural celebrations shop harry potter™ sleepover shop end of season sale current offers & promotions dolls back all doll clothing & accessories 18" doll clothing 14.5" welliewishers™ clothing baby doll clothing doll pajamas doll shoes & accessories matching doll & girl outfits girls back all girl clothing & accessories ag logo shop beauty girl pajamas girl shoes & accessories matching doll & girl outfits adult back adult clothing & accessories shop by age back ages 18m+ ages 4+ ages 6+ ages 8+ gifts back birthday shop birthstone collection gift sets sale back end of season sale current offers & promotions close search clear shop all holiday happenings atamerican girl®make memories together with special in-store experiences and seasonal celebrationsdining | salon | events | shoppingholiday happenings atamerican girl®make memories together with special in-store experiences and seasonal celebrationsdining | salon | events | shopping chicago new york los angeles washington, d.c. dallas orlando nashville charlotte chicago new york los angeles washington, d.c. dallas orlando nashville charlotte chicago chicago chicago american girl chicago doll hair & manicure day join us for a special hairstyling and manicure session in the dolled up salon! spend some time with expert doll stylists as we teach your girl how to style her doll’s hair, paint her doll’s nails, and keep both looking great. the event also includes a goody bag and doll nail polish. we only accept appointments for authentic 18-inch american girl® dolls for this event.please note: book only the children in your party. adults may observe near the event. prepaid events are non-exchangeable and non-refundable. reservations required. november 10 & 2411:00am-12:00pm$35/guestages 6+ | 60 minutessold out party in store: make it a celebration to remember with all-inclusive themed packages american girl chicago princess cookie decorating celebrate national princess day with a sweet treat! your girl can get creative by decorating cookies fit for a princess with festive frosting and sprinkles. later, she can take them home in a to-go box that she can embellish with stickers.please note: book all children and any adults who want to participate in the event. adults not participating may observe near the event. prepaid events are non-exchangeable and non-refundable. reservations required. november 1610:30am-12:00pm$13/guestages 3+ | 15 minutessold out party in store: make it a celebration to remember with all-inclusive themed packages american girl chicagoprincess painting party & lunchcalling all princesses in training! come celebrate national princess day with american girl®! your girl can showcase her inner princess with a fun painting class! girls and their families will enjoy lunch in our café, which includes a beverage, shareable appetizer, and entrée; then, end your meal with our signature mousse flowerpot. afterward, we’ll all meet and walk upstairs to the painted penguin, where an instructor will lead an hour-long class. girls and adults who want to participate will be taught step-by-step how to swirl up their own royal masterpieces on a personal canvas. then, participants will be given a special american girl® bag to put their paintings in, and everyone can enjoy some shopping time in our store. girls are encouraged to dress up as their favorite princess!please note: book all adults and children in your party. prepaid events are non-exchangeable and non-refundable. reservations required. emergency contact and participant release forms are required to attend this event. november 1711:00am-1:30pm$50/guestages 4+ | 150 minutessold out party in store: make it a celebration to remember with all-inclusive themed packages american girl chicago festive holiday dance party calling all dance enthusiasts! you’re invited to our festive holiday party! girls can join us for a special morning of dance, where an instructor from the brainchild collective will teach them a holiday-inspired dance routine that they can even do with their dolls. afterward, each girl will receive a special goody bag. it’s sure to be snow much fun! girls (and dolls!) are encouraged to wear their favorite holiday outfit!please note: prepaid event reservations are non-exchangeable and non-refundable. reservations required for girls only. parents will supervise near the event. emergency contact and participant release forms are required to attend this event. november 239:00am-10:00am$35/guestages 6+ | 60 minutes book now party in store: make it a celebration to remember with all-inclusive themed packages american girl chicagoprivate holiday trolley & lunch with american girl®see the glittering holiday lights of chicago with your girl! join us for a delicious lunch in the café followed by shopping time in our store. afterward, hop on an iconic trolley for a dazzling tour of the city and its lights, including a stop at the city’s renowned christkindlmarket. you and your girl will witness chicago in all its holiday splendor and have a chance to shop for gifts as well as take memorable photos at this special holiday market.please note: book all adults and children in your party. emergency contact and participant release forms are required to attend this event. prepaid events are non-exchangeable and non-refundable. reservations required. november 24 &december 201:00pm-5:00pm$95/guestages 3+ | 240 minutessold out party in store: make it a celebration to remember with all-inclusive themed packages american girl chicago holiday teatime get into the spirit of the season at american girl’s® 2024 holiday teatime! we’ll serve a selection of tasty treats and delicious drinks for both kids and adults. children will also enjoy a festive holiday craft.*please note: book all adults and children in your party. prepaid events are non-exchangeable and non-refundable. reservations required.*warning: choking hazard: craft contains small parts. not for children under 3 years. november 29, 30 &select dates in december$45/guestages 3+ | 60 minutessold out party in store: make it a celebration to remember with all-inclusive themed packages american girl chicago holiday cookie decorating celebrate the holiday season with a sweet treat! children (and adults!) can get creative by decorating holiday-inspired cookies with festive frosting and sprinkles. later, take them home in a to-go box along with stickers to celebrate the day!please note: book all children and any adults who want to participate in the event. adults not participating may observe near the event. prepaid events are non-exchangeable and non-refundable. reservations required. november 30,december 7 & 2810:30am-12:00pm$13/guestages 3+ | 15 minutes book now party in store: make it a celebration to remember with all-inclusive themed packages american girl chicago salon dolliday styling event your girl can learn how to get her doll prepped and pretty for holiday parties at this salon dolliday styling event! she’ll spend some time with expert doll stylists learning how to style doll hair into a fancy ’do topped off with a sparkly tiara, and she’ll get tips on how to paint her doll’s nails. plus, girls will learn simple tips and tricks to keeping their dolls’ hair looking its best for years.please note: book only the children in your party. adults may observe near the event. prepaid events are non-exchangeable and non-refundable. reservations required. december 111:00am-12:00pdecember 299:00am-10:00am$35/guestages 6+ | 60 minutessold out party in store: make it a celebration to remember with all-inclusive themed packages american girl chicago santa brunch share a holiday experience that includes a jolly “ho ho ho!” santa is coming to our store, and he can’t wait to meet you and your girl. be sure to bring your camera; you’ll want to capture the moment he makes his appearance. you’ll also enjoy a delicious brunch during your visit.please note: book all adults and children in your party. prepaid events are non-exchangeable and non-refundable. reservations required. december 8, 15 & 229:00am-10:30am$45/guestages 3+ | 60 minutessold out party in store: make it a celebration to remember with all-inclusive themed packages american girl chicago gingerbread house decorating take part in one of the season’s tastiest traditions in an event your family will love—decorate an american girl®-themed sweetology gingerbread house! this festive activity will include everything your girl needs to make a one-of-a-kind centerpiece with gingerbread pieces, frosting, and lots of candy decorations.please note: book all children and any adults who want to participate in the event. adults not participating may observe near the event. prepaid events are non-exchangeable and non-refundable. reservations required. december 14 & 2110:00am-12:00pm$40/guestages 4+ | 60 minutessold out party in store: make it a celebration to remember with all-inclusive themed packages american girl chicagoceramic ornament painting & lunch'tis the season to be jolly…with american girl®! enjoy an event at our store that is sure to bring you holiday cheer! first, girls and their families will enjoy lunch in our café, which includes a beverage, shareable appetizer, and entrée. end your meal with our signature chocolate mousse flowerpot. afterward, we’ll all meet and walk upstairs to the painted penguin, where an instructor will lead an hour-long class; each participant will be taught how to paint a ceramic ornament. participants can take the finished ornaments home the same day!please note: book all adults and children in your party. prepaid events are non-exchangeable and non-refundable. reservations required. emergency contact and participant release forms are required to attend this event. december 1511:00am-1:30pm$55/guestages 4+ | 150 minutessold out party in store: make it a celebration to remember with all-inclusive themed packages american girl chicago santa last stop brunch santa’s last stop before vacation: american girl! join us for a celebratory send-off for santa before his tropical getaway starts. this celebration includes a delicious brunch, a photo opportunity with fun props, and of course... santa! all children will also receive a craft fit for a holiday in the sun.please note: book all adults and children in your party. prepaid events are non-exchangeable and non-refundable. reservations required. december 299:30am & 10:00am$45/guestages 3+ | 60 minutessold out party in store: make it a celebration to remember with all-inclusive themed packages american girl chicagonew year's eve brunchno need to stay up till midnight- ring in the new year with american girl®! we called in the help of your favorite american girl® dolls to put together a fun new year’s celebration for the whole family. this celebration includes a delicious brunch, fun new year’s party hats and photo ops, and crafts for the kids!please note: book all adults and children in your party. prepaid events are non-exchangeable and non-refundable. reservations required. december 319:00am-10:30am$42/guestages 3+ | 60 minutessold out party in store: make it a celebration to remember with all-inclusive themed packages new york new york new york american girl new york doll hair & manicure day join us for a special hairstyling and manicure session in the dolled up salon! spend some time with expert doll stylists as we teach your girl how to style her doll’s hair, paint her doll’s nails, and keep both looking great. the event also includes a goody bag and doll nail polish. we only accept appointments for authentic 18-inch american girl® dolls for this event.please note: book only the children in your party. adults may observe near the event. prepaid events are non-exchangeable and non-refundable. reservations required. november 10 & 248:45am-9:45am$35/guestages 6+ | 60 minutes book now party in store: make it a celebration to remember with all-inclusive themed packages american girl new york princess cookie decorating celebrate national princess day with a sweet treat! your girl can get creative by decorating cookies fit for a princess with festive frosting and sprinkles. later, she can take them home in a to-go box that she can embellish with stickers.please note: book all children and any adults who want to participate in the event. adults not participating may observe near the event. prepaid events are non-exchangeable and non-refundable. reservations required. november 1610:30am-12:00pm$13/guestages 3+ | 15 minutessold out party in store: make it a celebration to remember with all-inclusive themed packages american girl new york princess painting party & lunch calling all princesses in training! come celebrate national princess day with american girl®! your girl can showcase her inner princess with a fun painting class! a representative from private picassos will provide an hour-long class on basic watercolor painting techniques. girls and adults who want to participate can swirl up their own royal masterpieces. afterward, celebrate your creativity with a meal in our café, which includes a beverage, shareable appetizer, and entrée; then, end your meal with our signature mousse flowerpot. each girl will also receive a special goody bag. girls are encouraged to dress up as their favorite princess!please note: prepaid events are non-exchangeable and non-refundable. reservations required. adults not participating in the painting portion of the event will be charged for the dining portion on the day of the event. november 1710:00am-12:30pm$69/guestages 6+ | 150 minutessold out party in store: make it a celebration to remember with all-inclusive themed packages american girl new york festive holiday pjs dance party calling all dance enthusiasts! you’re invited to our festive holiday party! girls can join us for a special morning of dance, where an instructor from broadway dance center will teach them a holiday-inspired dance routine that they can even do with their dolls. afterward, each girl will receive a special goody bag. it’s sure to be snow much fun! girls (and dolls!) are encouraged to wear their favorite holiday pjs!please note: prepaid event reservations are non-exchangeable and non-refundable. reservations required for girls only. parents will supervise near the event. emergency contact and participant release forms are required to attend this event. november 238:45am-9:45am$35/guestages 6+ | 60 minutessold out party in store: make it a celebration to remember with all-inclusive themed packages american girl new yorkchristmas spectacular starring the radio city rockettes & dinner with american girl®join american girl® for an unforgettable holiday event! first, enjoy orchestra seating for the world-famous christmas spectacular starring the radio city rockettes at radio city music hall! afterward, celebrate the show with a meal in our café, including a beverage, shareable appetizer, and entrée; then, top it off with our signature mousse flowerpot. each girl will receive a special goody bag.please note: book all adults and children in your party. prepaid events are non-exchangeable and non-refundable. reservations required. november 271:30pm-5:00pmdecember 5, 12 & 194:30pm-8:00pm$198/guestages 4+ | 210 minutessold out party in store: make it a celebration to remember with all-inclusive themed packages american girl new york holiday teatime get into the spirit of the season at american girl’s® 2024 holiday teatime! we’ll serve a selection of tasty treats and delicious drinks for both kids and adults. children will also enjoy a festive holiday craft.*please note: book all adults and children in your party. prepaid events are non-exchangeable and non-refundable. reservations required.*warning: choking hazard: craft contains small parts. not for children under 3 years. november 29, 30 &select dates in december$45/guestages 3+ | 60 minutessold out party in store: make it a celebration to remember with all-inclusive themed packages american girl new york salon dolliday styling event your girl can learn how to get her doll prepped and pretty for holiday parties at this salon dolliday styling event! she’ll spend some time with expert doll stylists learning how to style doll hair into a fancy ’do topped off with a sparkly tiara, and she’ll get tips on how to paint her doll’s nails. plus, girls will learn simple tips and tricks to keeping their dolls’ hair looking its best for years.please note: book only the children in your party. adults may observe near the event. prepaid events are non-exchangeable and non-refundable. reservations required. december 7 & 148:00am-9:00am$35/guestages 6+ | 60 minutessold out party in store: make it a celebration to remember with all-inclusive themed packages american girl new york santa brunch share a holiday experience that includes a jolly “ho ho ho!” santa is coming to our store, and he can’t wait to meet you and your girl. be sure to bring your camera; you’ll want to capture the moment he makes his appearance. you’ll also enjoy a delicious brunch during your visit.please note: book all adults and children in your party. prepaid events are non-exchangeable and non-refundable. reservations required. december 8, 15, & 228:45am-10:00am$48/guestages 3+ | 60 minutessold out party in store: make it a celebration to remember with all-inclusive themed packages american girl new york holiday cookie decorating celebrate the holiday season with a sweet treat! children (and adults!) can get creative by decorating holiday-inspired cookies with festive frosting and sprinkles. later, take them home in a to-go box along with stickers to celebrate the day!please note: book all children and any adults who want to participate in the event. adults not participating may observe near the event. prepaid events are non-exchangeable and non-refundable. reservations required. december 134:00pm-5:45pm$13/guestages 3+ | 15 minutessold out party in store: make it a celebration to remember with all-inclusive themed packages american girl new york winter wonderland painting party & lunch ’tis the season to be jolly…with american girl®! during this special day, your girl can show off her creative side with a painting—just in time for the holidays. a representative from private picassos will provide an hour-long class on basic painting techniques. girls and participating adults can create their own festive painting and get in the holiday spirit while we read excerpts from our book, happy holidays! afterward, celebrate your creativity with a meal in our café, which includes a beverage, shareable appetizer, and entrée. end your meal with our signature chocolate mousse flowerpot. girls will also receive a special goody bag.please note: prepaid events are non-exchangeable and non-refundable. reservations required. adults not participating in the painting portion of the event will be charged for the dining portion on the day of the event. december 2110:00am-12:30pm$69/guestages 4+ | 150 minutessold out party in store: make it a celebration to remember with all-inclusive themed packages american girl new york santa send off brunch santa’s last stop before vacation: american girl! join us for a celebratory send-off for santa before his tropical getaway starts. this celebration includes a delicious brunch, a photo opportunity with fun props, and of course... santa! all children will also receive a craft fit for a holiday in the sun.please note: book all adults and children in your party. prepaid events are non-exchangeable and non-refundable. reservations required. new!december 298:45am-10:00am$48/guestages 3+ | 75 minutes book now party in store: make it a celebration to remember with all-inclusive themed packages american girl new yorknew year's eve brunchno need to stay up till midnight- ring in the new year with american girl®! we called in the help of your favorite american girl® dolls to put together a fun new year’s celebration for the whole family. this celebration includes a delicious brunch, fun new year’s party hats and photo ops, and crafts for the kids!please note: book all adults and children in your party. prepaid events are non-exchangeable and non-refundable. reservations required. december 318:45am-10:00am$42/guestages 3+ | 60 minutes book now party in store: make it a celebration to remember with all-inclusive themed packages los angeles los angeles los angeles american girl los angeles thanksgiving cookie decorating gobble gobble! celebrate thanksgiving with a sweet treat! your girl can get creative by decorating cookies shaped as a leaf, pumpkin, and turkey with festive frosting and sprinkles. later, she can take them home in a to-go box that she can embellish with stickers.please note: book all children and any adults who want to participate in the event. adults not participating may observe near the event. prepaid events are non-exchangeable and non-refundable. reservations required. november 144:00pm-5:30pm$13/guestages 3+ | 30 minutessold out party in store: make it a celebration to remember with all-inclusive themed packages american girl los angeles holiday ice skating magic join american girl® los angeles on november 16 for a morning of twirling, gliding, and all-around family fun! we have teamed up with ice at santa monica for an exclusive, inaugural holiday ice-skating event just for our group! after, enjoy lunch in our café with a beverage, shareable appetizer, and entrée; then, end your meal with our signature mousse flowerpot.please note: book all children and adults in your party. prepaid events are non-exchangeable and non-refundable. reservations required. emergency contact and participant release forms are required to attend this event. november 169:30am-1:30pm$135/guestages 4+ | 240 minutes book now party in store: make it a celebration to remember with all-inclusive themed packages american girl los angeles doll hair & manicure day join us for a special hairstyling and manicure session in the dolled up salon! spend some time with expert doll stylists as we teach your girl how to style her doll’s hair, paint her doll’s nails, and keep both looking great. the event also includes a goody bag and doll nail polish. we only accept appointments for authentic 18-inch american girl® dolls for this event.please note: book only the children in your party. adults may observe near the event. prepaid events are non-exchangeable and non-refundable. reservations required. november 2410:00am-11:00am$35/guestages 6+ | 60 minutessold out party in store: make it a celebration to remember with all-inclusive themed packages american girl los angeles holiday teatime get into the spirit of the season at american girl’s® 2024 holiday teatime! we’ll serve a selection of tasty treats and delicious drinks for both kids and adults. children will also enjoy a festive holiday craft.*please note: book all adults and children in your party. prepaid events are non-exchangeable and non-refundable. reservations required.*warning: choking hazard: craft contains small parts. not for children under 3 years. november 29, 30 &select dates in december$45/guestages 3+ | 60 minutes book now party in store: make it a celebration to remember with all-inclusive themed packages american girl los angeles gingerbread house decorating take part in one of the season’s tastiest traditions in an event your family will love—decorate an american girl®-themed sweetology gingerbread house! this festive activity will include everything your girl needs to make a one-of-a-kind centerpiece with gingerbread pieces, frosting, and lots of candy decorations.please note: book all children and any adults who want to participate in the event. adults not participating may observe near the event. prepaid events are non-exchangeable and non-refundable. reservations required. december 75:00pm-6:00pm$40/guestages 4+ | 60 minutessold out party in store: make it a celebration to remember with all-inclusive themed packages american girl los angeles salon dolliday styling event your girl can learn how to get her doll prepped and pretty for holiday parties at this salon dolliday styling event! she’ll spend some time with expert doll stylists learning how to style doll hair into a fancy ’do topped off with a sparkly tiara, and she’ll get tips on how to paint her doll’s nails. plus, girls will learn simple tips and tricks to keeping their dolls’ hair looking its best for years.please note: book only the children in your party. adults may observe near the event. prepaid events are non-exchangeable and non-refundable. reservations required. december 8 & 1510:00am-11:00am$35/guestages 6+ | 60 minutes book now party in store: make it a celebration to remember with all-inclusive themed packages american girl los angeles santa brunch share a holiday experience that includes a jolly “ho ho ho!” santa is coming to our store, and he can’t wait to meet you and your girl. be sure to bring your camera; you’ll want to capture the moment he makes his appearance. you’ll also enjoy a delicious brunch during your visit.please note: book all adults and children in your party. prepaid events are non-exchangeable and non-refundable. reservations required. december 8 & 159:00am-10:00am$45/guestages 3+ | 60 minutessold out party in store: make it a celebration to remember with all-inclusive themed packages american girl los angeles holiday cookie decorating celebrate the holiday season with a sweet treat! children (and adults!) can get creative by decorating holiday-inspired cookies with festive frosting and sprinkles. later, take them home in a to-go box along with stickers to celebrate the day!please note: book all children and any adults who want to participate in the event. adults not participating may observe near the event. prepaid events are non-exchangeable and non-refundable. reservations required. december 136:00pm-7:00pm$13/guestages 3+ | 15 minutessold out party in store: make it a celebration to remember with all-inclusive themed packages american girl los angelesholiday ornament painting & lunchjoin american girl® for a holiday ornament painting class on december 15, 2024. a representative from paint the town will provide a 90-minute painting experience in which participants will paint four festive holiday designs on their ornaments, complete with bells and twine! after, enjoy lunch in our café with a beverage, shareable appetizer, and entrée; then, end your meal with our signature mousse flowerpot.please note: book all children and adults in your party. prepaid events are non-exchangeable and non-refundable. reservations required. emergency contact and participant release forms are required to attend this event. december 1510:30am-2:00pm$75/guestages 4+ | 210 minutes book now party in store: make it a celebration to remember with all-inclusive themed packages american girl los angeles holiday craft & cookie story time make cozy memories together at this special american girl holiday event. first, decorate holiday-inspired cookies with frosting and sprinkles while sipping on decadent hot chocolate. then, enjoy a special story time from the little golden book: happy holidays, american girl! finally, make a festive craft to take home and treasure. girls and dolls can come dressed in their snuggly best—pajamas are encouraged!*please note: book only the children in your party. adults may observe near the event. prepaid events are non-exchangeable and non-refundable. reservations required.*warning: choking hazard: craft contains small parts. not for children under 3 years. december 206:30pm-7:30pm$18/guestages 3+ | 60 minutessold out party in store: make it a celebration to remember with all-inclusive themed packages washington, d.c. washington, d.c. washington, d.c. american girl washington, d.c. thanksgiving cookie decorating gobble gobble! celebrate thanksgiving with a sweet treat! your girl can get creative by decorating cookies shaped as a leaf, pumpkin, and turkey with festive frosting and sprinkles. later, she can take them home in a to-go box that she can embellish with stickers.please note: book all children and any adults who want to participate in the event. adults not participating may observe near the event. prepaid events are non-exchangeable and non-refundable. reservations required. november 144:00pm-5:30pm$13/guestages 3+ | 30 minutes book now party in store: make it a celebration to remember with all-inclusive themed packages american girl washington, d.c. doll hair & manicure day join us for a special hairstyling and manicure session in the ag salon! spend some time with expert doll stylists as we teach your girl how to style her doll’s hair, paint her doll’s nails, and keep both looking great. the event also includes a goody bag and doll nail polish. we only accept appointments for authentic 18-inch american girl® dolls for this event.please note: book only the children in your party. adults may observe near the event. prepaid events are non-exchangeable and non-refundable. reservations required. november 2410:00am-11:00am$35/guestages 6+ | 60 minutessold out party in store: make it a celebration to remember with all-inclusive themed packages american girl washington, d.c. holiday teatime get into the spirit of the season at american girl’s® 2024 holiday teatime! we’ll serve a selection of tasty treats and delicious drinks for both kids and adults. children will also enjoy a festive holiday craft.*please note: book all adults and children in your party. prepaid events are non-exchangeable and non-refundable. reservations required.*warning: choking hazard: craft contains small parts. not for children under 3 years. november 29 &select dates in december$42/guestages 3+ | 60 minutessold out party in store: make it a celebration to remember with all-inclusive themed packages american girl washington, d.c. holiday cookie decorating celebrate the holiday season with a sweet treat! children (and adults!) can get creative by decorating holiday-inspired cookies with festive frosting and sprinkles. later, take them home in a to-go box along with stickers to celebrate the day!please note: book all children and any adults who want to participate in the event. adults not participating may observe near the event. prepaid events are non-exchangeable and non-refundable. reservations required. december 54:00pm-5:30pm$13/guestages 3+ | 15 minutes book now party in store: make it a celebration to remember with all-inclusive themed packages american girl washington, d.c. gingerbread house decorating take part in one of the season’s tastiest traditions in an event your family will love—decorate an american girl®-themed sweetology gingerbread house! this festive activity will include everything your girl needs to make a one-of-a-kind centerpiece with gingerbread pieces, frosting, and lots of candy decorations.please note: book all children and any adults who want to participate in the event. adults not participating may observe near the event. prepaid events are non-exchangeable and non-refundable. reservations required. december 75:00pm-6:00pm$40/guestages 4+ | 60 minutessold out party in store: make it a celebration to remember with all-inclusive themed packages american girl washington, d.c. salon dolliday styling event your girl can learn how to get her doll prepped and pretty for holiday parties at this salon dolliday styling event! she’ll spend some time with expert doll stylists learning how to style doll hair into a fancy ’do topped off with a sparkly tiara, and she’ll get tips on how to paint her doll’s nails. plus, girls will learn simple tips and tricks to keeping their dolls’ hair looking its best for years.please note: book only the children in your party. adults may observe near the event. prepaid events are non-exchangeable and non-refundable. reservations required. december 8 & 1510:00am-11:00am$35/guestages 6+ | 60 minutessold out party in store: make it a celebration to remember with all-inclusive themed packages american girl washington, d.c. santa brunch share a holiday experience that includes a jolly “ho ho ho!” santa is coming to our store, and he can’t wait to meet you and your girl. be sure to bring your camera; you’ll want to capture the moment he makes his appearance. you’ll also enjoy a delicious brunch during your visit.please note: book all adults and children in your party. prepaid events are non-exchangeable and non-refundable. reservations required. december 8 & 159:00am-10:00am$45/guestages 3+ | 60 minutessold out party in store: make it a celebration to remember with all-inclusive themed packages american girl washington, d.c. holiday craft & cookie story time make cozy memories together at this special american girl holiday event. first, decorate holiday-inspired cookies with frosting and sprinkles while sipping on decadent hot chocolate. then, enjoy a special story time from the little golden book: happy holidays, american girl! finally, make a festive craft to take home and treasure. girls and dolls can come dressed in their snuggly best—pajamas are encouraged!*please note: book only the children in your party. adults may observe near the event. prepaid events are non-exchangeable and non-refundable. reservations required.*warning: choking hazard: craft contains small parts. not for children under 3 years. december 206:30pm-7:30pm$18/guestages 3+ | 60 minutessold out party in store: make it a celebration to remember with all-inclusive themed packages dallas dallas dallas american girl dallas thanksgiving cookie decorating gobble gobble! celebrate thanksgiving with a sweet treat! your girl can get creative by decorating cookies shaped as a leaf, pumpkin, and turkey with festive frosting and sprinkles. later, she can take them home in a to-go box that she can embellish with stickers.please note: book all children and any adults who want to participate in the event. adults not participating may observe near the event. prepaid events are non-exchangeable and non-refundable. reservations required. november 144:00pm-5:30pm$13/guestages 3+ | 30 minutes book now party in store: make it a celebration to remember with all-inclusive themed packages american girl dallas doll hair & manicure day join us for a special hairstyling and manicure session in the dolled up salon! spend some time with expert doll stylists as we teach your girl how to style her doll’s hair, paint her doll’s nails, and keep both looking great. the event also includes a goody bag and doll nail polish. we only accept appointments for authentic 18-inch american girl® dolls for this event.please note: book only the children in your party. adults may observe near the event. prepaid events are non-exchangeable and non-refundable. reservations required. november 2410:00am-11:00am$35/guestages 6+ | 60 minutessold out party in store: make it a celebration to remember with all-inclusive themed packages american girl dallas holiday teatime get into the spirit of the season at american girl’s® 2024 holiday teatime! we’ll serve a selection of tasty treats and delicious drinks for both kids and adults. children will also enjoy a festive holiday craft.*please note: book all adults and children in your party. prepaid events are non-exchangeable and non-refundable. reservations required.*warning: choking hazard: craft contains small parts. not for children under 3 years. november 29, 30 &select dates in december$42/guestages 3+ | 60 minutes book now party in store: make it a celebration to remember with all-inclusive themed packages american girl dallas holiday painting party & lunch ’tis the season to be jolly...with american girl! enjoy an event at our store that is sure to bring you holiday cheer! first, an instructor from paint the town will lead an hour and a half class on basic painting techniques. girls and adults who want to participate can swirl up their own holiday themed masterpieces on a personal canvas. afterward, celebrate with a meal in our café, which includes a beverage, shareable appetizer, and entree; then, end your meal with our signature chocolate mousse flowerpot!please note: book all children and any adults who want to participate in the event. adults not participating in the painting portion of the event will be charged for the dining portion on the day of the event. prepaid events are non-refundable and non-exchangeable. reservations required. new!december 19:30am-1:30pm$60/guestages 5+ | 240 minutes book now party in store: make it a celebration to remember with all-inclusive themed packages american girl dallas holiday cookie decorating celebrate the holiday season with a sweet treat! children (and adults!) can get creative by decorating holiday-inspired cookies with festive frosting and sprinkles. later, take them home in a to-go box along with stickers to celebrate the day!please note: book all children and any adults who want to participate in the event. adults not participating may observe near the event. prepaid events are non-exchangeable and non-refundable. reservations required. december 54:00pm-5:30pm$13/guestages 3+ | 15 minutes book now party in store: make it a celebration to remember with all-inclusive themed packages american girl dallas gingerbread house decorating take part in one of the season’s tastiest traditions in an event your family will love—decorate an american girl®-themed sweetology gingerbread house! this festive activity will include everything your girl needs to make a one-of-a-kind centerpiece with gingerbread pieces, frosting, and lots of candy decorations.please note: book all children and any adults who want to participate in the event. adults not participating may observe near the event. prepaid events are non-exchangeable and non-refundable. reservations required. december 75:00pm-6:00pm$40/guestages 4+ | 60 minutessold out party in store: make it a celebration to remember with all-inclusive themed packages american girl dallas salon dolliday styling event your girl can learn how to get her doll prepped and pretty for holiday parties at this salon dolliday styling event! she’ll spend some time with expert doll stylists learning how to style doll hair into a fancy ’do topped off with a sparkly tiara, and she’ll get tips on how to paint her doll’s nails. plus, girls will learn simple tips and tricks to keeping their dolls’ hair looking its best for years.please note: book only the children in your party. adults may observe near the event. prepaid events are non-exchangeable and non-refundable. reservations required. december 8 & 1510:00am-11:00pm$35/guestages 6+ | 60 minutessold out party in store: make it a celebration to remember with all-inclusive themed packages american girl dallas santa brunch share a holiday experience that includes a jolly “ho ho ho!” santa is coming to our store, and he can’t wait to meet you and your girl. be sure to bring your camera; you’ll want to capture the moment he makes his appearance. you’ll also enjoy a delicious brunch during your visit.please note: book all adults and children in your party. prepaid events are non-exchangeable and non-refundable. reservations required. december 8 & 159:00am-10:00am$45/guestages 3+ | 60 minutessold out party in store: make it a celebration to remember with all-inclusive themed packages american girl dallas holiday craft & cookie story time make cozy memories together at this special american girl holiday event. first, decorate holiday-inspired cookies with frosting and sprinkles while sipping on decadent hot chocolate. then, enjoy a special story time from the little golden book: happy holidays, american girl! finally, make a festive craft to take home and treasure. girls and dolls can come dressed in their snuggly best—pajamas are encouraged!*please note: book only the children in your party. adults may observe near the event. prepaid events are non-exchangeable and non-refundable. reservations required.*warning: choking hazard: craft contains small parts. not for children under 3 years. december 206:30pm-7:30pm$18/guestages 3+ | 60 minutessold out party in store: make it a celebration to remember with all-inclusive themed packages orlando orlando orlando american girl orlando thanksgiving cookie decorating gobble gobble! celebrate thanksgiving with a sweet treat! your girl can get creative by decorating cookies shaped as a leaf, pumpkin, and turkey with festive frosting and sprinkles. later, she can take them home in a to-go box that she can embellish with stickers.please note: book all children and any adults who want to participate in the event. adults not participating may observe near the event. prepaid events are non-exchangeable and non-refundable. reservations required. november 144:00pm-5:30pm$13/guestages 3+ | 30 minutes book now party in store: make it a celebration to remember with all-inclusive themed packages american girl orlando fall painting party & pizza join us for a delightful painting party with lunch, where children and parents can tap into their creativity with a one-hour, fall-themed painting session. this family-friendly event is the perfect opportunity to celebrate the beauty of the autumn season through art. after the painting session, everyone can savor a delicious pizza, making for a warm and memorable experience for all.please note: book all children and any adults who want to participate in the event. prepaid events are non-exchangeable and non-refundable. reservations required. new!november 1710:30am-12:30pm$57/guestages 6+ | 120 minutes book now party in store: make it a celebration to remember with all-inclusive themed packages american girl orlando doll hair & manicure day join us for a special hairstyling and manicure session in the dolled up salon! spend some time with expert doll stylists as we teach your girl how to style her doll’s hair, paint her doll’s nails, and keep both looking great. the event also includes a goody bag and doll nail polish. we only accept appointments for authentic 18-inch american girl® dolls for this event.please note: book only the children in your party. adults may observe near the event. prepaid events are non-exchangeable and non-refundable. reservations required. november 2410:00am-11:00am$35/guestages 6+ | 60 minutessold out party in store: make it a celebration to remember with all-inclusive themed packages american girl orlando holiday teatime get into the spirit of the season at american girl’s® 2024 holiday teatime! we’ll serve a selection of tasty treats and delicious drinks for both kids and adults. children will also enjoy a festive holiday craft.*please note: book all adults and children in your party. prepaid events are non-exchangeable and non-refundable. reservations required.*warning: choking hazard: craft contains small parts. not for children under 3 years. november 29, 30 &select dates in december$42/guestages 3+ | 60 minutessold out party in store: make it a celebration to remember with all-inclusive themed packages american girl orlando holiday cookie decorating celebrate the holiday season with a sweet treat! children (and adults!) can get creative by decorating holiday-inspired cookies with festive frosting and sprinkles. later, take them home in a to-go box along with stickers to celebrate the day!please note: book all children and any adults who want to participate in the event. adults not participating may observe near the event. prepaid events are non-exchangeable and non-refundable. reservations required. december 54:00pm-5:30pm$13/guestages 3+ | 15 minutes book now party in store: make it a celebration to remember with all-inclusive themed packages american girl orlando gingerbread house decorating take part in one of the season’s tastiest traditions in an event your family will love—decorate an american girl®-themed sweetology gingerbread house! this festive activity will include everything your girl needs to make a one-of-a-kind centerpiece with gingerbread pieces, frosting, and lots of candy decorations.please note: book all children and any adults who want to participate in the event. adults not participating may observe near the event. prepaid events are non-exchangeable and non-refundable. reservations required. december 75:00pm-6:00pm$40/guestages 4+ | 60 minutes book now party in store: make it a celebration to remember with all-inclusive themed packages american girl orlando salon dolliday styling event your girl can learn how to get her doll prepped and pretty for holiday parties at this salon dolliday styling event! she’ll spend some time with expert doll stylists learning how to style doll hair into a fancy ’do topped off with a sparkly tiara, and she’ll get tips on how to paint her doll’s nails. plus, girls will learn simple tips and tricks to keeping their dolls’ hair looking its best for years.please note: book only the children in your party. adults may observe near the event. prepaid events are non-exchangeable and non-refundable. reservations required. december 8 & 1510:00am-11:00am$35/guestages 6+ | 60 minutessold out party in store: make it a celebration to remember with all-inclusive themed packages american girl orlando holiday tea & treats with santa share a holiday experience that includes a jolly “ho ho ho!” santa is coming to our store, and he can’t wait to meet you and your girl. be sure to bring your camera; you’ll want to capture the moment he makes his appearance. we’ll serve a selection of tasty treats and delicious drinks for both kids and adults. please note: book all adults and children in your party. prepaid events are non-exchangeable and non-refundable. reservations required. december 8 & 154:00pm-5:00pm$54/guestages 3+ | 60 minutes book now party in store: make it a celebration to remember with all-inclusive themed packages american girl orlando holiday painting party & pizza celebrate the season at our holiday painting party with lunch, where children and their parents can express their creativity through a festive, holiday-themed painting session. this joyful event offers a fun and artistic way to capture the spirit of the holidays while spending quality time together. after the painting session, everyone can enjoy a delicious pizza, making it a heartwarming experience filled with creativity, family, and festive cheer.please note: book all children and any adults who want to participate in the event. prepaid events are non-exchangeable and non-refundable. reservations required. new!december 1510:30am-12:30pm$57/guestages 6+ | 120 minutes book now party in store: make it a celebration to remember with all-inclusive themed packages american girl orlando holiday craft & cookie story time make cozy memories together at this special american girl holiday event. first, decorate holiday-inspired cookies with frosting and sprinkles while sipping on decadent hot chocolate. then, enjoy a special story time from the little golden book: happy holidays, american girl! finally, make a festive craft to take home and treasure. girls and dolls can come dressed in their snuggly best—pajamas are encouraged!*please note: book only the children in your party. adults may observe near the event. prepaid events are non-exchangeable and non-refundable. reservations required.*warning: choking hazard: craft contains small parts. not for children under 3 years. december 206:30pm-7:30pm$18/guestages 3+ | 60 minutes book now party in store: make it a celebration to remember with all-inclusive themed packages nashville nashville nashville american girl nashville thanksgiving cookie decorating gobble gobble! celebrate thanksgiving with a sweet treat! your girl can get creative by decorating cookies shaped as a leaf, pumpkin, and turkey with festive frosting and sprinkles. later, she can take them home in a to-go box that she can embellish with stickers.please note: book all children and any adults who want to participate in the event. adults not participating may observe near the event. prepaid events are non-exchangeable and non-refundable. reservations required. november 144:00pm-5:30pm$13/guestages 3+ | 30 minutes book now party in store: make it a celebration to remember with all-inclusive themed packages american girl nashville doll hair & manicure day join us for a special hairstyling and manicure session in the dolled up salon! spend some time with expert doll stylists as we teach your girl how to style her doll’s hair, paint her doll’s nails, and keep both looking great. the event also includes a goody bag and doll nail polish. we only accept appointments for authentic 18-inch american girl® dolls for this event.please note: book only the children in your party. adults may observe near the event. prepaid events are non-exchangeable and non-refundable. reservations required. november 2410:00am-11:00am$35/guestages 6+ | 60 minutessold out party in store: make it a celebration to remember with all-inclusive themed packages american girl nashville holiday teatime get into the spirit of the season at american girl’s® 2024 holiday teatime! we’ll serve a selection of tasty treats and delicious drinks for both kids and adults. children will also enjoy a festive holiday craft.*please note: book all adults and children in your party. prepaid events are non-exchangeable and non-refundable. reservations required.*warning: choking hazard: craft contains small parts. not for children under 3 years. select dates in december$42/guestages 3+ | 60 minutessold out party in store: make it a celebration to remember with all-inclusive themed packages american girl nashville holiday cookie decorating celebrate the holiday season with a sweet treat! children (and adults!) can get creative by decorating holiday-inspired cookies with festive frosting and sprinkles. later, take them home in a to-go box along with stickers to celebrate the day!please note: book all children and any adults who want to participate in the event. adults not participating may observe near the event. prepaid events are non-exchangeable and non-refundable. reservations required. december 54:00pm-5:30pm$13/guestages 3+ | 15 minutessold out party in store: make it a celebration to remember with all-inclusive themed packages american girl nashville gingerbread house decorating take part in one of the season’s tastiest traditions in an event your family will love—decorate an american girl®-themed sweetology gingerbread house! this festive activity will include everything your girl needs to make a one-of-a-kind centerpiece with gingerbread pieces, frosting, and lots of candy decorations.please note: book all children and any adults who want to participate in the event. adults not participating may observe near the event. prepaid events are non-exchangeable and non-refundable. reservations required. december 75:00pm-6:00pm$40/guestages 4+ | 60 minutessold out party in store: make it a celebration to remember with all-inclusive themed packages american girl nashville salon dolliday styling event your girl can learn how to get her doll prepped and pretty for holiday parties at this salon dolliday styling event! she’ll spend some time with expert doll stylists learning how to style doll hair into a fancy ’do topped off with a sparkly tiara, and she’ll get tips on how to paint her doll’s nails. plus, girls will learn simple tips and tricks to keeping their dolls’ hair looking its best for years.please note: book only the children in your party. adults may observe near the event. prepaid events are non-exchangeable and non-refundable. reservations required. december 8 & 1510:00am-11:00am$35/guestages 6+ | 60 minutessold out party in store: make it a celebration to remember with all-inclusive themed packages american girl nashville holiday tea & treats with santa share a holiday experience that includes a jolly “ho ho ho!” santa is coming to our store, and he can’t wait to meet you and your girl. be sure to bring your camera; you’ll want to capture the moment he makes his appearance. we’ll serve a selection of tasty treats and delicious drinks for both kids and adults. please note: book all adults and children in your party. prepaid events are non-exchangeable and non-refundable. reservations required. december 8 & 154:00pm-5:00pm$54/guestages 3+ | 60 minutessold out party in store: make it a celebration to remember with all-inclusive themed packages american girl nashville holiday craft & cookie story time make cozy memories together at this special american girl holiday event. first, decorate holiday-inspired cookies with frosting and sprinkles while sipping on decadent hot chocolate. then, enjoy a special story time from the little golden book: happy holidays, american girl! finally, make a festive craft to take home and treasure. girls and dolls can come dressed in their snuggly best—pajamas are encouraged!*please note: book only the children in your party. adults may observe near the event. prepaid events are non-exchangeable and non-refundable. reservations required.*warning: choking hazard: craft contains small parts. not for children under 3 years. december 206:30pm-7:30pm$18/guestages 3+ | 60 minutessold out party in store: make it a celebration to remember with all-inclusive themed packages charlotte charlotte charlotte american girl charlotte thanksgiving cookie decorating gobble gobble! celebrate thanksgiving with a sweet treat! your girl can get creative by decorating cookies shaped as a leaf, pumpkin, and turkey with festive frosting and sprinkles. later, she can take them home in a to-go box that she can embellish with stickers.please note: book all children and any adults who want to participate in the event. adults not participating may observe near the event. prepaid events are non-exchangeable and non-refundable. reservations required. november 144:00pm-5:30pm$13/guestages 3+ | 30 minutes book now party in store: make it a celebration to remember with all-inclusive themed packages american girl charlotte doll hair & manicure day join us for a special hairstyling and manicure session in the dolled up salon! spend some time with expert doll stylists as we teach your girl how to style her doll’s hair, paint her doll’s nails, and keep both looking great. the event also includes a goody bag and doll nail polish. we only accept appointments for authentic 18-inch american girl® dolls for this event.please note: book only the children in your party. adults may observe near the event. prepaid events are non-exchangeable and non-refundable. reservations required. november 2410:00am-11:00am$35/guestages 6+ | 60 minutessold out party in store: make it a celebration to remember with all-inclusive themed packages american girl charlotte holiday teatime get into the spirit of the season at american girl’s® 2024 holiday teatime! we’ll serve a selection of tasty treats and delicious drinks for both kids and adults. children will also enjoy a festive holiday craft.*please note: book all adults and children in your party. prepaid events are non-exchangeable and non-refundable. reservations required.*warning: choking hazard: craft contains small parts. not for children under 3 years. select dates in december$42/guestages 3+ | 60 minutessold out party in store: make it a celebration to remember with all-inclusive themed packages american girl charlotte holiday cookie decorating celebrate the holiday season with a sweet treat! children (and adults!) can get creative by decorating holiday-inspired cookies with festive frosting and sprinkles. later, take them home in a to-go box along with stickers to celebrate the day!please note: book all children and any adults who want to participate in the event. adults not participating may observe near the event. prepaid events are non-exchangeable and non-refundable. reservations required. december 54:00pm-5:30pm$13/guestages 3+ | 15 minutessold out party in store: make it a celebration to remember with all-inclusive themed packages american girl charlotte gingerbread house decorating take part in one of the season’s tastiest traditions in an event your family will love—decorate an american girl®-themed sweetology gingerbread house! this festive activity will include everything your girl needs to make a one-of-a-kind centerpiece with gingerbread pieces, frosting, and lots of candy decorations.please note: book all children and any adults who want to participate in the event. adults not participating may observe near the event. prepaid events are non-exchangeable and non-refundable. reservations required. december 75:00pm-6:00pm$40/guestages 4+ | 60 minutessold out party in store: make it a celebration to remember with all-inclusive themed packages american girl charlotte winter wonderland painting party & lunch this special day promises plenty of excitement—your girl can show off her creative side with a fun painting class inspired by the season. a representative from tuxedokat will provide an hour-long class on puddle painting. puddle painting is a hands-on process art where vibrant colors of every hue are layered into a cup and poured onto a canvas, creating mesmerizing unique designs. girls and adults who want to participate can swirl up their own colorful masterpieces on a personal canvas. afterward, celebrate your creativity with a pizza in our bistro!please note: book all children and any adults who want to participate in the event. prepaid events are non-exchangeable and non-refundable. reservations required. december 73:00pm-4:30pm$56/guestages 6+ | 90 minutes book now party in store: make it a celebration to remember with all-inclusive themed packages american girl charlotte salon dolliday styling event your girl can learn how to get her doll prepped and pretty for holiday parties at this salon dolliday styling event! she’ll spend some time with expert doll stylists learning how to style doll hair into a fancy ’do topped off with a sparkly tiara, and she’ll get tips on how to paint her doll’s nails. plus, girls will learn simple tips and tricks to keeping their dolls’ hair looking its best for years.please note: book only the children in your party. adults may observe near the event. prepaid events are non-exchangeable and non-refundable. reservations required. december 8 & 1510:00am-11:00am$35/guestages 6+ | 60 minutessold out party in store: make it a celebration to remember with all-inclusive themed packages american girl charlotte holiday tea & treats with santa share a holiday experience that includes a jolly “ho ho ho!” santa is coming to our store, and he can’t wait to meet you and your girl. be sure to bring your camera; you’ll want to capture the moment he makes his appearance. we’ll serve a selection of tasty treats and delicious drinks for both kids and adults. please note: book all adults and children in your party. prepaid events are non-exchangeable and non-refundable. reservations required. december 8 & 154:00pm-5:00pm$54/guestages 3+ | 60 minutessold out party in store: make it a celebration to remember with all-inclusive themed packages american girl charlotteholiday craft & cookie story timemake cozy memories together at this special american girl holiday event. first, decorate holiday-inspired cookies with frosting and sprinkles while sipping on decadent hot chocolate. then, enjoy a special story time from the little golden book: happy holidays, american girl! finally, make a festive craft to take home and treasure. girls and dolls can come dressed in their snuggly best—pajamas are encouraged!*please note: book only the children in your party. adults may observe near the event. prepaid events are non-exchangeable and non-refundable. reservations required.*warning: choking hazard: craft contains small parts. not for children under 3 years. december 206:30pm-7:30pm$18/guestages 3+ | 60 minutessold out party in store: make it a celebration to remember with all-inclusive themed packages find your inner star be the first to know about new products, events, and special offers email addresss sign up please enter a valid email address. thank you for subscribing! by submitting my email, i confirm i want to receive emails with special offers, news, and other information from american girl, the mattel family of companies, and trusted third party partners. read mattel's privacy statement for full details on how we use your information. facebook instagram tiktok pinterest youtube how can we help? contact customer service order status shipping information returns doll care center assembly instructions printable order form check gift card balance holiday services want to see more from us? request a catalogue unsubscribe from catalogue ready for a visit? find a store emergency release form learn more about us frequently asked questions ag rewards™ signup for emails about american girl historical character wiki american girl blog for parents & teachers media resources careers accepted payment methods privacy statement terms and conditions recall information cookies and technologies accessibility statement copyright ® 2024 american girl. american girl and associated trademarks are owned by american girl, llc. close share this page copy link added to your bag! close login the perfect additions subtotal $0.00 checkout see full bag wish list back-in-stock favorites! close close save changes close close just a heads-up... you’re about to leave our website for one that operates under a different privacy policy. continue go back close close close close save up to 70% off select items. offer valid 12/20/24 through 11:59 p.m. central time on 1/31/25, or while supplies last. promotional quantities may be limited and vary by location and online. offer valid at american girl® retail stores and americangirl.com. no refunds or adjustments on previous purchases, returns or exchanges, or orders in progress that have not yet shipped. all sales final. no returns, refunds, or exchanges. we reserve the right to limit order and item quantities. unfortunately, the offer will not be extended if you are unable to order due to technical issues. offer may be modified, suspended, or canceled at the sole discretion of american girl. close close everyday free standard shipping with a minimum order of $150 or more. purchase total must equal or exceed the minimum order requirement to qualify. once qualified, free shipping will automatically apply in your shopping bag at checkout. additional charges and exclusions may apply for rush shipping, shipping outside of the us or canada, and shipping large items. rush shipping not available to canada. offer not valid at indigo, or chapters™ retail locations or websites. charges for personalized video messages, gift cards, shipping and processing, and sales tax; donations to a charitable cause; doll hair salon; doll hospital; parties, dining, and food purchases; special events tickets; and returns, exchanges, and requests for delayed shipping are excluded, and do not count toward the qualifying dollar amount. no refunds or adjustments on previous purchases or orders in progress that have not yet shipped. we reserve the right to limit order and item quantities. offer is subject to change at the discretion of american girl®. close close view previous product view next product close close close size chart girl clothing adult clothing women's clothing girl's leotards wellies boots waist is measured at natural point (ask girl to bend to one side to find natural crease of her waist; measure around this point). if measurements are a combination of sizes, order the largest. clothing is adjusted to allow for shrinkage. in cm sizeheightchestwaisthips2t3419.251819.753372119.2521.544022.7520.523.2554323.7521.524.25xs/64624.752225.25s/750-522622.527.5s/852-54272328.5m/1054-5628.52430m/1256-58302532l/1458-6031.52634l/1660-62332736xl/1862-6434.52838xl/2064-66362940 sizeheightchestwaisthips2t86.348.945.750.239453.348.954.64101.657.852.159.15109.260.354.661.6xs/6116.862.955.964.1s/7127-132.16657.269.9s/8132.1-137.268.658.472.4m/10137.2-142.272.46176.2m/12142.2-147.376.263.581.3l/14147.3-152.4806686.4l/16152.4-157.583.868.691.4xl/18157.5-162.687.671.196.5xl/20162.6-167.691.473.7101.6 waist is measured at natural point (bend to one side to find natural crease of your waist; measure around this point). if measurements are a combination of sizes, order the largest. clothing is adjusted to allow for shrinkage. in cm american girl® molly™ camp gowonagin tee for adults (historical characters)sizelengthwidthxs2616.5s2818m2920l3022xl31242xl3226american girl® burgundy fleece sweatpants for adultssizelengthwidthxs2828s2930m3032l3134xl32362xl3338american girl® burgundy hoodie for adultssizelengthwidths2720m2821l2923xl30252xl3126.53xl3228 american girl® molly™ camp gowonagin tee for adults (historical characters)sizelengthwidthxs6642s7145.7m73.750.8l76.256xl78.7612xl81.366american girl® burgundy fleece sweatpants for adultssizelengthwidthxs7171s73.776.2m76.281.3l78.786.4xl81.391.42xl83.896.5american girl® burgundy hoodie for adultssizelengthwidths68.650.8m7153.3l73.758.4xl76.263.52xl78.767.33xl81.371 waist is measured at natural point (bend to one side to find natural crease of your waist; measure around this point). if measurements are a combination of sizes, order the largest. clothing is adjusted to allow for shrinkage. in cm sizechestwaisthipss: 4-634.5-35.527-2837-38m: 8-1036.5-37.529-3039-40l: 12-1439-40.631.5-3341.5-43xl: 16-1842-4434.5-36.544.5-46.5xxl: 20-2245.5-4738-4048-50 sizechestwaisthipss: 4-688-9069-7194-97m: 8-1093-9574-7699-102l: 12-1499-10380-84105-109xl: 16-18107-11288-93113-118xxl: 20-22114-11997-102122-127 customers say this item runs small. we recommend sizing up. the goal of measuring is to determine the correct size to order for each athlete. accurate measurements are vital to the proper fit of your athletes' apparel. please make sure that all athletes are wearing fitted workout apparel during the measuring session. in cm girl sizegk sizeapprox. heightapprox. weightchestwaisthiptorso2ttd33-3530-3217-1918-1919-2137-393-4cxs37-3932-3620-2219-2122-2440-425-6cs43-4540-4623-2621-2226-2743-457-8cm47-5150-5826-2922-2328-2946-4810cl53-5760-7029-3123-2530-3149-51 girl sizegk sizeapprox. heightapprox. weightchestwaisthiptorso2ttd84-8914-1543-4846-4848-5394-993-4cxs94-9915-1651-5648-5356-61102-1075-6cs109-11418-2158-6653-5664-69109-1147-8cm119-13023-2666-7456-5871-74117-12210cl135-14527-3274-7958-6476-79124-130 insizecm5.8125814.56.125915.56.51016.56.812511177.12512187.513197.8125119.58.25221 close close close close close gift options gift options save gift options cancel close close close find your closest american girl store please call to confirm this item is in stock. close share my bag copy link close close close current offers free shipping on orders $150+ discount applied at checkout see full terms hide terms everyday free standard shipping with a minimum order of $150 or more. purchase total must equal or exceed the minimum order requirement to qualify. once qualified, free shipping will automatically apply in your shopping bag at checkout. additional charges and exclusions may apply for rush shipping, shipping outside of the us or canada, and shipping large items. offer not valid at indigo, or chapters™ retail locations or websites. charges for personalized video messages, gift cards, shipping and processing, and sales tax; donations to a charitable cause; doll hair salon; doll hospital; parties, dining, and food purchases; special events tickets; and returns, exchanges, and requests for delayed shipping are excluded, and do not count toward the qualifying dollar amount. no refunds or adjustments on previous purchases or orders in progress that have not yet shipped. we reserve the right to limit order and item quantities. offer is subject to change at the discretion of american girl®. close close my wish lists close wishlist drawer create close login oops! this link has expired. create account your account includes free membership in ag rewards™. get $10 in rewards for every 200 points earned, plus many more benefits! join for free check your email toverify your account select the link in the email we just sent to: for assistance? call 800-845-0005 welcome! your account is confirmed. sign in shop new arrivals shop best sellers shop dolls shop furniture shop clothing reset password we've sent you an email to reset your password. need assistance? call 800-845-0005 unable to complete request we are unable to complete your request at this time. if you need help please call explore activities & games