来源URL: https://web.archive.org/web/20171220045320/https://www.andrewchristian.com/terms-of-use/
================================================================================

terms and conditions javascript seems to be disabled in your browser. you must have javascript enabled in your browser to utilize the functionality of this website. all all new underwear swim sportswear accessories collections sale boxer briefs briefs jocks & thongs bikinis square cut swim shorts shirts & t-shirts almost naked - anatomical pouch coolflex - modal fabric fukr flashlift - for a bubble butt pride collection show-it - frontal enhancement fly opening undies tank tops shirts models posters trophy boy - for hung guys jewelry bags & backpacks subscription clubs mystery styles mystery styles mystery styles happy collection - new mega deals go your cart contains 0 items total $0.00 view cart checkout sale underwear briefs boxers jocks & thongs mystery underwear swimwear bikinis square cuts swim shorts mystery swimwear sportswear shirts & t-shirts tank tops hoodies & outerwear shorts accessories caps jewelry backpacks collectors items new underwear briefs boxers jocks & thongs mystery underwear 3-pack undies grab bag swimwear bikinis square cuts swim shorts mystery swimwear sportswear shirts & t-shirts tank tops hoodies & outerwear pants shorts mystery sportswear styles accessories caps jewelry backpacks collectors items just released new in november new in october new in september new in august underwear briefs boxer briefs jocks & thongs subscription clubs mystery styles swim bikinis square cut swim shorts mystery styles sportswear shirts & t-shirts tank tops shorts pants mystery styles accessories sex = power = freedom bags & backpacks calendars hand fans snapback hats jewelry mugs posters shaping cups gift box cubes collections black friday door buster deals love collection - new sex = power = freedom massive collection - new california collection - new happy collection - new pride collection almost naked - anatomical pouch black collection vibe - ultimate sports fukr basix - no labels needed show-it - frontal enhancement trophy boy - for hung guys multi pack undies bamboo fabric cotton stretch fabric modal fabric sports polyamide fabric stretch mesh fabric mystery styles videos new underwearbriefsboxersjocks & thongsmystery underwear3-pack undies grab bag swimwearbikinissquare cutsswim shortsmystery swimwear sportswearshirts & t-shirtstank topshoodies & outerwearpantsshorts just releasednew in novembernew in octobernew in septembernew in august on the scene videos models events accessoriescapsjewelrybackpackscollectors items sale underwearbriefsboxersjocks & thongsmystery underwear swimwearbikinissquare cutsswim shortsmystery swimwear sportswearshirts & t-shirtstank topshoodies & outerwearshorts accessoriescapsjewelrybackpackscollectors items underwear briefs boxer briefs & leggings jocks & thongs curated clubs - free undies underwear of the month club jock of the month club chic & sophisticated curated underwear club with free shipping sexy & provocative curated underwear club with free shipping pop art & prints curated underwear club with free shipping swim bikinis square cuts swim shorts featured sportswear sportswearshirts & t-shirtstank topsshortspantsmystery styles featured accessories accessoriessex = power = freedombags & backpackscalendarshand fanssnapback hatsjewelrymugspostersshaping cupsgift box cubes featured collections collectionsblack friday door buster dealslove collection - newsex = power = freedommassive collection - newcalifornia collection - newhappy collection - newpride collectionalmost naked - anatomical pouchblack collectionvibe - ultimate sports collectionsfukrbasix - no labels neededshow-it - frontal enhancementtrophy boy - for hung guysmulti pack undiesbamboo fabriccotton stretch fabricmodal fabricsports polyamide fabricstretch mesh fabric blogvideosmodels sale underwear briefs boxers jocks & thongs mystery underwear swimwear bikinis square cuts swim shorts mystery swimwear sportswear shirts & t-shirts tank tops hoodies & outerwear shorts accessories caps jewelry backpacks collectors items new underwear briefs boxers jocks & thongs mystery underwear 3-pack undies grab bag swimwear bikinis square cuts swim shorts mystery swimwear sportswear shirts & t-shirts tank tops hoodies & outerwear pants shorts mystery sportswear styles accessories caps jewelry backpacks collectors items just released new in november new in october new in september new in august underwear briefs boxer briefs jocks & thongs subscription clubs mystery styles swim bikinis square cut swim shorts mystery styles sportswear shirts & t-shirts tank tops shorts pants mystery styles accessories sex = power = freedom bags & backpacks calendars hand fans snapback hats jewelry mugs posters shaping cups gift box cubes collections black friday door buster deals love collection - new sex = power = freedom massive collection - new california collection - new happy collection - new pride collection almost naked - anatomical pouch black collection vibe - ultimate sports fukr basix - no labels needed show-it - frontal enhancement trophy boy - for hung guys multi pack undies bamboo fabric cotton stretch fabric modal fabric sports polyamide fabric stretch mesh fabric mystery styles videos newsaleunderwearswimsportswearaccessoriescollectionsblogvideosmodels 35% off everything w/ code: 35bfs terms and conditions home terms and conditions terms of use by visiting our site you agree to the following conditions please read these terms of use carefully before using this platform. by accessing or using this website, mobile application or other andrew christian inc. product or service (collectively the "platform") on any computer, mobile phone, tablet, console or other device (collectively, "device"), you signify that you have read, understand and agree to be bound by these terms of use and any other applicable law, whether or not you are a registered member of andrew christian inc.. andrew christian inc. may change these terms of use at any time without notice, effective upon its posting to the platform. your continued use of the platform shall be considered your acceptance to the revised terms of use. if you do not agree to these terms of use, please do not use this platform. intellectual property all intellectual property on the platform (except for user generated content) is owned by andrew christian inc. or its licensors, which includes materials protected by copyright, trademark, or patent laws. all trademarks, service marks and trade names (e.g., the andrew christian inc. name and any of its marks) are owned, registered and/or licensed by andrew christian inc.. all content on the platform (including user generated content), including but not limited to text, software, scripts, code, designs, graphics, photos, sounds, music, videos, applications, interactive features and all other content ("content") is a collective work under the united states and other copyright laws and is the proprietary property of andrew christian inc.; all rights reserved. platform use restrictions you may use the content only for your own non-commercial use to participate in the platform or to place an order or purchase andrew christian inc. products. you agree not to change or delete any ownership notices from materials downloaded or printed from the platform. you agree not to modify, copy, translate, broadcast, perform, display, distribute, frame, reproduce, republish, download, display, post, transmit or sell any intellectual property or content appearing on the platform, including user generated content (defined below), without andrew christian inc.'s prior written consent, unless it is your own user generated content that you legally post on the platform. you agree not to use any data mining, robots, scraping or similar data gathering methods. nothing in these terms of use shall be interpreted as granting any license of intellectual property rights to you. product orders all orders placed through the platform are subject to andrew christian inc.'s acceptance. this means that andrew christian inc. may refuse to accept or may cancel any order, whether or not the order has been confirmed, for any or no reason, and without liability to you or anyone else. if your credit card has already been charged for an order that is later cancelled, andrew christian inc. will issue you a refund. safeguard your username/password you are responsible for any actions that take place while using your andrew christian inc. account. keep your username/password secure and do not allow anyone else to use your username/password to access the platform. andrew christian inc. is not responsible for any loss that results from the unauthorized use of your username/password, with or without your knowledge. user generated content "user generated content" is communications, materials, information, data, opinions, photos, profiles, messages, notes, website links, text information, music, videos, designs, graphics, sounds, and any other content that you and/or other platform users post or otherwise make available on or through the platform, except to the extent the content is owned by andrew christian inc.. posting rules: user generated content and user conduct we may use third-party advertising companies to collect data and/or serve ads when you visit our web site. these companies may use information (not including your name, address, email address or telephone number) about your visits to this and other web sites in order to provide advertisements about goods and services of interest to you. if you would like more information about this practice and to know your choices about not having this information used by these companies, visit http://networkadvertising.org/. be responsible. you are solely responsible for your user generated content, your interactions with other users and your activity on the platform. do not take any action or post anything that may expose andrew christian inc. or its users to any harm or liability of any type. be relevant and constructive. stay on topic and post only constructive comments and questions. unless the platform feature asks for it, don't talk about policies, future products, speculations or rumors about andrew christian inc. and andrew christian inc. products, or anything else off topic. be courteous and appropriate. flaming and insults are prohibited. do not post user generated content, or a link to a website, that, in andrew christian inc.'s sole discretion, is illegal, offensive, libelous, defamatory, infringing, inflammatory, deceptive, inaccurate, misleading, malicious, fraudulent, false, indecent, harmful, harassing, intimidating, threatening, hateful, abusive, vulgar, obscene, pornographic, violent, sexually explicit, invasive of privacy, publicity, intellectual property, proprietary or contractual rights, offensive in a sexual, racial, cultural, or ethnic context, will harm or threaten the safety of others, or is otherwise objectionable. do not post photos or videos of another person without that person's consent. do not "stalk," intimidate, abuse, harm or harass another platform user or person. be private. do not post personal information. do not collect or solicit personal information from other platform users or send unsolicited emails or other communications. do not collect, use or post on the platform the private information of anyone else without their consent or for illegal purposes. be personal. the platform is not to be used for any commercial purpose. do not post any advertising, solicitation or commercial content whatsoever on the platform or accept payment from a third party in exchange for your performing commercial activity on the platform. do not post any user generated content that involves the transmission of "junk mail," "chain letters," or unsolicited mass mailing or "spamming." do not use automated scripts to collect information from, or otherwise interact with, the platform. be yourself. do not impersonate any person or entity, including without limitation athletes or andrew christian inc. employees. do not misrepresent yourself, your age or your affiliation with any person or entity. do not register for more than one andrew christian inc. account, register a andrew christian inc. account on behalf of another individual, group or entity, or sell or transfer your profile or account. do not use or attempt to use another person's account, username or password. be original. you promise that you own or control all rights in any user generated content that you post on the platform. you are responsible for ensuring that any user generated content that you post does not, and will not, infringe or violate anyone else's rights, including copyright, trademark, patent, trade secret, privacy, publicity or other personal or proprietary rights. you promise not to submit user generated content unless you are the owner or have permission from the owner to post such user generated content and grant andrew christian inc. all of the license rights granted in these terms of use. be legal. do not post any user generated content, take any action or use the platform in a way that violates any law, would create liability or promotes illegal activities. do not take any action on the platform designed to interfere, disrupt, damage, disable, overburden or limit the functionality of any computer software or hardware, telecommunications equipment or the platform. do not post user generated content that contains software viruses, programs or other computer code. do not circumvent or modify any platform security technology or software. general rules for user generated content content is prescreened andrew christian inc. does prescreen user generated content. andrew christian inc. does not guarantee the platform will be free from user generated content that is inaccurate, deceptive, offensive, threatening, defamatory, unlawful or otherwise objectionable. andrew christian inc. is merely acting as a passive channel for such distribution and is not undertaking any obligation or liability relating to any user generated content or activities of users on the platform. andrew christian inc. assumes no responsibility for, or any obligation to monitor or remove, such user generated content. andrew christian inc. reserves the right to edit, remove, or refuse to post any user generated content or terminate your registered account for any reason. eligibility and registration to become a member of the andrew christian inc. platform, or post user generated content, you may be required to register for an account. you agree to provide accurate and current information about yourself in all registration forms on the platform. this platform is intended solely for users who are eighteen (18) years of age or older and it is a violation of these terms of use for anyone under 18 to register for the platform. you represent and warrant that you are 18 or older. your account may be deleted without warning if you misrepresent your age, whether older or younger. andrew christian inc.'s rights to your posting your user generated content is not confidential or proprietary. you grant, and warrant that you have the right to grant, to andrew christian inc. a non-exclusive, non-revocable, worldwide, transferable, royalty-free, perpetual right to use your user generated content in any manner or media now or later developed, for any purpose, commercial, advertising, or otherwise, including the right to translate, display, reproduce, modify, create derivative works, sublicense, distribute, assign and commercialize without any payment due to you. copyright infringement complaints if you believe that your work has been improperly copied and posted on the platform, such that it constitutes infringement, please provide us with the following information: (1) name, address, telephone number, email address and an electronic or physical signature of the copyright owner or of the person authorized to act on his/her behalf; (2) a description of the copyrighted work that you claim has been infringed; (3) a description of where on the platform the material that you claim is infringing is located; (4) a written statement that you have a good faith belief that the disputed use is not authorized by the copyright owner, its agent, or the law; and (5) a statement by you, made under penalty of perjury, that the above information in your notice is accurate and that you are the copyright owner or authorized to act on the copyright owner's behalf. these requirements must be followed to give andrew christian inc. legally sufficient notice to andrew christian inc. of infringement. send copyright infringement complaints to: legal department (copyright) 1631 gardena ave, glendale ca 91204, telephone: 818-508-9195, fax: 818-334-3200we suggest that you consult your legal advisor before filing a notice with andrew christian inc.'s copyright agent, because there may be penalties for false claims. links the platform may contain links to websites, applications or other products or services operated by other companies ("third party platforms"). andrew christian inc. does not endorse, monitor or have any control over these third party platforms, which have separate terms of use and privacy policies. andrew christian inc. is not responsible for the content or policies of third party platforms and you access such third party platforms at your own risk. mobile services the platform contains services and features that are available to certain mobile devices. your carrier's normal rates and fees apply. not all mobile services will work with all carriers or devices. by using andrew christian inc.'s mobile services, you agree that we may communicate with you by electronic means to your mobile device and that certain information about your use of these services may be shared with us. if you change or deactivate your mobile phone number, you must promptly update your account information to ensure that we don't send your messages to a different person. indemnification you agree to indemnify, defend, and hold harmless andrew christian inc., inc, its affiliates, officers, directors, employees, agents, licensors and suppliers from and against all claims, losses, liabilities, expenses, damages and costs, including, without limitation, attorneys' fees, arising from or relating in any way to your user generated content, your use of content, your use of the platform, your conduct in connection with the platform or with other platform users, or any violation of these terms of use, any law or the rights of any third party. privacy our privacy policy, which is incorporated into these terms of use by this reference, further describes the collection and use of information on this platform. user interaction disclaimer you are solely responsible for your interactions with other people, whether online or in person. andrew christian inc. is not responsible or liable for any loss or damage resulting from any interaction with other platform users, persons you meet through the platform, or persons who find you because of information posted on, by or through the platform. you agree to take reasonable precautions in all interactions with other users on the platform, and conduct any necessary investigation before meeting another person. andrew christian inc. is under no obligation to become involved with any user dispute, but may do so at its own discretion. warranty disclaimer andrew christian inc. is not responsible or liable for any user generated content or other content posted on the platform or for any offensive, unlawful or objectionable content you may encounter on or through the platform. the platform, user generated content, content, and the materials and products on this platform are provided "as is" and without warranties of any kind. to the fullest extent permitted by law, andrew christian inc. disclaims all warranties, express or implied, including, but not limited to, implied warranties of title, merchantability, fitness for a particular purpose and non-infringement. andrew christian inc. cannot guarantee and does not promise any specific results from use of the platform. andrew christian inc. does not represent or warrant that the platform will be uninterrupted or error-free, that any defects will be corrected, or that this platform or the server that makes the platform available are free of viruses or anything else harmful. to the fullest extent permitted by law, andrew christian inc. does not make any warranties or representations regarding the use of the materials or content in the platform in terms of their correctness, accuracy, adequacy, usefulness, reliability or otherwise. you understand and agree that you download or otherwise obtain content at your own risk, and that you will be solely responsible for your use and any damage to your mobile device, computer system or other device in which you access the platform, loss of data or other harm of any kind that may result. andrew christian inc. reserves the right to change any and all content and other items used or contained in the platform at any time without notice. some states do not permit limitations or exclusions on warranties, so the above limitations may not apply to you. limitation of liability andrew christian inc. shall not be liable for any direct, special, incidental, indirect or consequential damages, including for any lost profits or lost data, that result from the use of, or the inability to use, this platform or the performance of the products purchased through the platform or the conduct of other platform users (whether online or offline) or attendance at a andrew christian inc. event or any user generated content, even if andrew christian inc. has been advised of the possibility of such damages. you assume total responsibility for your use of the platform. your only remedy against andrew christian inc. for use of the platform or any content is to stop using the platform. that said, if andrew christian inc. is found to be liable to you for any damage or loss which is in any way connected with your use of this platform or any content, andrew christian inc.'s liability shall not exceed us$100.00. applicable law may not allow the limitation or exclusion of liability or incidental or consequential damages, so the above limitation or exclusion may not applyto you. miscellaneous you agree that this platform shall be deemed a passive website solely based in california, usa, which does not give rise to personal jurisdiction over andrew christian inc. in jurisdictions other than california. you agree that this platform, terms of use, privacy policy and any dispute between you and andrew christian inc. shall be governed in all respects by california law, without regard to choice of law provisions, and not by the 1980 u.n. convention on contracts for the international sale of goods. you agree that all disputes, claims and legal proceedings directly or indirectly arising out of or relating to this platform (including but not limited to the purchase of andrew christian inc. products) shall be resolved individually, without resort to any form of class action, and exclusively in the state or federal courts located in los angeles county, california. you consent to waive all defenses of lack of personal jurisdiction and forum non conveniens with respect to venue and jurisdiction in the state and federal courts of los angeles county, california. any cause of action or claim you may have with respect to the platform (including but not limited to the purchase of andrew christian inc. products) must be commenced within one (1) year after the claim or cause of action arises. by using the platform, you agree to receive certain electronic communications from andrew christian inc.. you agree that any notice, agreement, disclosure or other communication that andrew christian inc. sends you electronically will satisfy any legal communication requirements, including that such communications be in writing. andrew christian inc.'s failure to insist upon or enforce strict performance of any of these terms of use shall not be considered a waiver of any provision or right. neither the course of conduct between the parties nor trade practice shall modify any of these terms of use. andrew christian inc. may assign its rights and duties under these terms of use to any party at any time without notice to you. severability if any provision in these terms of use is held invalid, the remainder of these terms of use shall continue to be enforceable. if any provision in these terms of use is deemed unlawful, void or unenforceable, then that provision is deemed severable from these terms of use and the remaining provisions are still valid and enforceable. termination andrew christian inc. reserves the right in its sole discretion to terminate your account, delete your profile and any of your user generated content, and restrict your use of all or any part of the platform for any or no reason, without notice, and without liability to you or anyone else. andrew christian inc. also reserves the right to block users from certain ip addresses or device numbers and prevent access to the platform. you understand and agree that some of your user generated content, such as that which is displayed outside your profile, in activity feeds, in other parts of the platform, or on other platforms (e.g., facebook, twitter, google, etc), may continue to appear on the platform or on other platforms even after your user generated content is removed or your account is terminated. these terms of use remain in effect even after your account is terminated. the terms of use relating to intellectual property, indemnification, user interaction disclaimer, warranty disclaimer, limitation of liability, miscellaneous, severability and terms that by their nature may survive termination shall survive any termination. request and address:please send notices by care of email to: robert@andrewchristian.com or reach us at our mailing address:andrew christian inc.1631 gardena avenueglendale, ca 91204 usa+1 818-508-9195 shipping/returns easy returns policy shipping details win & free gifts enter $400 contest + get 20% off + free birthday gift double your chances to win text ac to 33733(read: terms & conditions) information customer service hours: mon-fri 8:30-5 pt customer service/faq's sizing charts about us marketing/promotions/press charities we support ac trophy boy - rewards stay at sky house puerto vallarta service & support order custom printed items my account affiliate program careers & modeling security/privacy policy terms of use wholesale inquiry counterfeit products warning customer service retail locations cs@andrewchristian.com toll-free: +1 877 300 4136 +1 818 508 9195 follow us: © andrew christian. all rights reserved. use code 20abc shop now 2 sign up for our newsletter & promotions subscribe & get our promotion now ! no thank! i'm not interested in this promotion don't show this popup again