来源URL: https://web.archive.org/web/20121114132946/http://cosmeticmall.com/privacy-policy.html
================================================================================

cosmeticmall.com privacy policy contact us customer service - 1.800.805.5493 sign-in | 0 items in my cart | total: $ 0.00 the beauty superstore | since 1996 makeup skincare fragrance bath & body hair beauty tools pro beauty men top brands 100% pure 212 by carolina herrera actifirm adem aesop afa ahava alaska glacial mud co. alfred sung alien alterna annick goutal anthony logistics for men apple archipelago botanicals armani code arrid astara skincare athena aveda b. kamins chemist babor baby quasar banana republic bare escentuals bareminerals barielle becca cosmetics beingtrue belli bello benetton billy jealousy biotherm bobbi brown bond no. 9 little italy by bond no. 9 bond no.9 borghese boske dermaceuticals bounty hunter bumble and bumble burberry burt's bees bvlgari cacharel calvin klein cargo carolina herrera cartier caudalie cellceuticals champion chanel chantecaille chi chloe christian audigier christian dior clarins clarisonic cle de peau clean clean warm cotton clinicians complex clinique clive christian colorescience comme des garcons comptoir sud pacifique cosmedicine cosmedix cosmelan crave creed creed green irish tweed dana darphin davidoff davines deborah lippmann decleor dermablend dermanew deva dhc dolce & gabbana donna karan dr. brandt dr. dennis gross skincare dr. michelle copeland dr. renaud dr. sebagh dr.hauschka ds laboratories duwop earthen elemis elizabeth arden elizabeth arden elizabeth taylor elizabethw elta md eminence erbaviva ermenegildo zegna eros essence of vali estee lauder eternity moment exuviance fake bake ferrari fran wilson fusion beauty garmin ghd gildan giorgio armani givenchy glominerals gly miracle glymed plus goldfaden gosmile gpx guerlain hamadi hanae mori hanes helena rubinstein hermes hosa hp hugo boss hydropeptide ilike organic skin care indian earth cosmetics ingrid millet isadora issey miyake jack black jean patou jean paul gaultier by jean paul gaultier jessica simpson jil sander no. 3 joico joop! juice beauty june jacobs jurlique kanebo karl lagerfeld kenneth cole kenneth cole reaction kenzo kerastase keratin complex kiehl's kinerase kiss my face klorane kneipp l'eau bleue d'issey pour homme l'occitane l'oreal la mer la prairie la roche-posay lancaster lancome lanvin laura geller laura mercier ligne st. barth logona lolita lempicka l lollia lucky kentucky m.d. forte m2 mac marc anthony marilyn miglin matrix md formulation md formulations melvita methode jeanne piaubert michael jordan michael kors moroccanoil moroccanoil moschino murad mustela napoleon perdis narciso rodriguez nars naturopathica neocutis neostrata nia24 nioxin nucelle nuface nuxe nvey eco obagi olavie olay ole henriksen omnilux optoma osmotics paco rabanne 1 million paco rabanne by paco rabanne paris hilton paul & joe paul penders paul sebastian payot peppar perry ellis peter thomas roth pharmacopia philip kingsley philip kingsley phillips phillips brush philosophy phytomer placenta plus peppar pmd personal microderm prada prevage princereigns priori pur minerals pure fiji pureology ralph lauren red flower redken ren revive rodial skincare royal copenhagen royal copenhagen by royal copenhagen safed candles salvatore ferragamo f sampar samsung sarah jessica parker sean john serge lutens shiseido shu uemura sircuit skin sjal skyn iceland smashbox smashbox cosmetics sparitual stella mccartney stem organics stendhal stila cosmetics styli-style sumbody susanne lang t. leclerc the art of shaving thierry mugler tigi tocca tokyomilk tom ford tommy hilfiger too faced true true religion 4 tweezerman uniden valmont van cleef & arpels vera wang versace very irresistible vichy victoria's secret viktor & rolf vincent longo vivienne westwood vivite whish xen-tan xsensibility soaps yonka paris yves saint laurent zents see all brands product type eau de toilette (6101) shampoo (1696) eau de parfum (1671) pet fashions (1457) travel size products (1083) treatments (993) see all brand bulk+buys (3800) j goodin (1685) sunrise (1103) icon bijoux (1048) estee lauder (900) shiseido (885) see all product category fragrance (13483) makeup (11378) skin care (11034) hair care (5029) men (4111) bath & body (2724) see all description spray (7050) cream (1282) lotion (1078) anti-aging (997) gel (849) hydrating (801) see all sub category face (3530) hair (1875) body (1791) eyes (1708) rings (1265) bath (984) see all ingredient vitamin e (577) aloe (508) green tea (478) shea butter (395) peptides (325) lavender (244) see all privacy policy last updated february 5, 2010 thank you for visiting cosmeticmall.com ("cosmeticmall"). we want you to know that your privacy is important to us. our customers are at the heart of everything we do, and we strive to ensure your experience with cosmeticmall is one that you will want to repeat and share with your friends. part of our commitment to you is to respect and protect the privacy of the personal information you provide to us. the information below is designed to inform you of what information we collect, why we collect such information, and how we secure and use the information we collect. this privacy policy should be read in conjunction with our terms of service. when you submit your personal information to us, you are giving us your consent to the collection, use, and disclosure of your information as set forth in this privacy policy. we are always available to discuss your questions or concerns regarding this privacy policy and our privacy practices. if you would like to speak to a customer service representative, please contact us using one of the methods listed on the contact us page of our web site. please address your questions or concerns to the customer service department. cosmeticmall will occasionally update this privacy policy. when a revision is made we will revise the "last updated" date on this page. we encourage you to check the date of our privacy policy each time you visit our web site for any updates or changes. your use of our web site constitutes your consent to this privacy policy, including any changes or updates. this privacy policy applies only to cosmeticmall and it's affiliated web sites (or collectively our "site"). this privacy policy does not necessarily apply to our offline collection of your personal information, which is addressed later in this document. we are not responsible for the content or privacy practices on any web sites other than our site including any web sites that link to or from our site. security and related certifications our site is a licensee of the truste privacy program. truste is an independent, non-profit organization whose mission is to build user's trust and confidence in the internet by promoting the use of fair information practices. because we want to demonstrate our commitment to your privacy, we have agreed to disclose our information practices concerning our site and have our privacy practices reviewed for compliance by truste. if you have questions or concerns regarding this statement, you should first contact the customer service using on of the methods a listed on the contact us page of our site. if you do not receive acknowledgement of your inquiry or your inquiry has not been satisfactorily addressed, you should contact truste at http://www.truste.org/consumers/watchdog_complaint.php. truste will then serve as a liaison with us to resolve your concerns. we are also proud members of the following organizations: data encryption and industry standard firewalls your security is our first concern when designing any feature on our site. from concept to production, we exercise security first design. simply stated, your trust and safety is our priority. our site uses secure sockets layer (ssl) technology to provide you with the safest, most secure shopping experience possible. ssl technology enables encryption (scrambling) of sensitive information, such as credit card, email addresses, usernames and passwords during your online transactions so your personal information stays safe and out of malicious hands. our servers are protected by secure firewalls specially designed to keep information secure and inaccessible by other internet users. your personal information is absolutely safe while you shop on our site. ssl technology, and industry standard firewalls work together to ensure your privacy and to assist in protecting your personal data. data vulnerability protection and pci compliance to constantly ensure your data is secure as possible, we utilize an industry leading external service provided by mcafee secure. this service performs daily intrusion attacks against our systems much like a skilled hacker's would. if vulnerability is ever discovered, we are notified immediately and the problem is resolved. by taking this extra level of precaution, we ensure your information is as secure as possible from new threats. because our system is utilizing elaborate data encryption/storage mechanisms along with mcafee secure, we have achieved the prestigious pci compliance certification. this is one of the highest levels of data security in the industry. collection and use of information information collection: we endeavor to strictly adhere to state, local and federal laws regarding the preservation and archiving of information collected. we collect information from you in several different ways on our site. one goal in collecting personal information from you is to provide an efficient, meaningful, and customized experience. for example, we can use your personal information to: help make our site easier for you to use by removing the need to enter information more than once. help you quickly find information, products, and services. help us create content on our site that is most relevant to you. alert you to new information, products, and services that we offer. registration and ordering: before using certain parts of our site or ordering products, you must complete an online registration form. during registration, you will be prompted to provide to us certain personal information, including but not limited to your name, shipping and billing address(es), phone number, email address, and credit card number. if you have elected to use the bill me later® payment method, you will have to provide the last four (4) digits of your social security number and your birth date. we use this information solely to facilitate the bill me later® transaction and will not store or keep this information in our files. these kinds of personal information are used for billing purposes, to fulfill your orders, to communicate with you about your order and our site, and for marketing purposes. also, if we encounter a problem when processing your order, we use the personal information to contact you. email addresses: several locations of our site permit you to enter your email address for purposes including but not limited to: to sign up for our email newsletter, to submit a product review, to post comments in our forums, to register for a free giveaway or other promotional offer and to request notifications of new product offerings. your participation in a contest is completely voluntary, so you have a choice whether to participate and disclose information to us. we use this information to notify contest winners and to award prizes. we may also post on our site the names of contest winners. cookies and other technology: like many sites, our site employs cookies, javascript tags and web beacons (also known as clear gif technology or "action tags") to speed your navigation of our site, recognize you and your access privileges, and track your usage of our site. cookies are small pieces of information that are stored as text files by your internet browser on your computer's hard drive for record keeping purposes. most internet browsers are initially set to accept cookies. you can set your browser to refuse cookies from web sites or to remove cookies from your hard drive, but if you do, you will not be able to access or use portions of our site. we use both persistent cookies and third party cookies. we use persistent cookies to make it easier for you to navigate our site. the persistent cookie remains on your hard drive for an extended period of time. third party cookies are only used for short-term tracking. you can remove the cookies by following directions provided in your internet browser's "help" file. we set a persistent cookie to store your passwords, so you don't have to enter it more than once. persistent and third party cookies also enable us to track and target the interests of our users to enhance the experience on our site. if you reject cookies, you may still use our site, but your ability to use some areas of our site, such as a shopping cart, will be limited and may not function properly. our site's cookies do not and cannot infiltrate a user's hard drive to gather a user's confidential information. our cookies are not "spyware". web beacons assist in delivering cookies and help us determine whether a web page on our site has been viewed and, if so, how many times. for example, any electronic image on our site, such as an ad banner, can function as a web beacon. we may use third-party advertising companies to help us tailor our site's content to users or to serve ads on our behalf. these companies may employ cookies and web beacons to measure advertising effectiveness (such as which web pages are visited or what products are purchased and in what amount). any information that these third parties collect via cookies and web beacons is not linked to you directly. as an example, facebook collects certain information via cookies and web beacons to determine which web pages are visited or what products are purchased. please note that any information collected by facebook via cookies and web beacons is not linked to any customer's personal information collected by us. log files: as is true of most web sites, our site's servers automatically recognizes the internet url from which you access our site as well as the site that you came from. we may also log your internet protocol ("ip") address, internet service provider, browser type, operating system and date/time stamp for system administration, order verification, internal marketing, and system troubleshooting purposes. (an ip address indicates your internet service provider) age: we respect children's privacy. we do not knowingly or intentionally collect personal information from children under age 13. elsewhere on our site, you have represented and warranted that you are either 18 years of age or using the site with the supervision of a parent or guardian. if you are under the age of 13, please do not submit any personal information to us, and rely on a parent or guardian to assist you. product reviews: you may choose to submit a product review. if you post a review, you have the option to enter your name and email address. if you submit a review, your name or alias will be visible to other users but your email address will be kept private. also, any personally identifiable information that you submit as part of the review can be read or used by other visitors to our site. we are not responsible for any personally identifiable information that you choose to submit as part of your review. we believe you can post a helpful review without disclosing any personal information. your review or comment might be altered or deleted if inappropriate words or terms have been used. you may withdraw your review at any time by contacting our customer service department. contact information for customer service can be found on the contact us page of our site. external reviews: we use a series of external review services such as bizrate.com to permit shoppers to rate their experiences while visiting and shopping at our sites. after placing an order at our site, you may receive the opportunity to provide feedback on your experience. this choice is optional and will not affect your order or service from our site, whether or not you choose to provide feedback. your feedback is collected by the external service, not us, and is governed by their privacy policies. contact the respective review service to view their privacy polices (for example, bizrate's privacy policy is available at http://shop.bizrate.com/content/privacy.html) community forums: registrants of our community forums may choose to let other members see their public profiles including bios and product preferences. we are not responsible for damages caused by this, as it is an option given to community members. the feature for displaying your public information to other viewers can be disabled at any time. occasionally, our community moderators and administrators may send emails out to registered forum users announcing policy changes and other community modifications. information use and disclosure. internal use: we use your personal information to process your order and provide you with customer service. we may internally use your personal information to improve our site's content and layout, to improve our outreach and for marketing efforts (including marketing our services and products to you), and to determine general marketplace information about visitors to our site. communications with you: we will use your personal information to communicate with you about our site and your orders and deliveries. also, we may send you a confirmation email when you register with us. we may send you a service-related announcement on the rare occasions when it is necessary (for example, if we must temporarily suspend our service for maintenance.) also, you may submit your email address for reasons such as to receive our email newsletter, to receive information from our community forums, to register for a free giveaway or other promotional offer and to request notifications of new product offerings. if you submit your email address, we use it to deliver information to you. we always permit you to unsubscribe or opt out of future emails (see the opt out section, below, for more details). because we have to communicate with you about orders that you choose to place, you cannot opt out of receiving emails related to your orders. we might also send you marketing material by means of standard mail such as offers, promotions, postcards or catalogs (see the opt out section below for removal options). external use: as do most catalog and internet retailers, we sometimes use others to perform specific functions on our behalf. when we disclose information to these service providers, we disclose information to help them to perform their service. for example, in order to deliver products to you, we must share some information. we partner with third parties (such as the u.s. postal service, united parcel service, and federal express) to ship products, to ensure delivery, and so that we can obtain feedback, improve the quality of our service, and measure and improve the quality of the service of the third party. in the example of shippers, we provide them some personally identifiable information such as your name and shipping address. similarly, to help you buy products and provide customer service to you, we must provide your credit card number to financial-services corporations such as credit-card processors and issuers. when we submit your credit card number for authorization, we use state-of-the-art data encryption to protect your information. (more on this below in data security.) in the event you have elected to use the bill me later® payment method, to help you buy products and provide customer service to you, we must provide the last four (4) digits of your social security number and your birth date to the financial-services corporations processing your transaction. when you submit this information to us for approval and authorization, we use state-of-the-art data encryption to protect your information. we may be required to disclose such information in response to requests from law-enforcement officials conducting investigations; subpoenas; a court order; or if we are otherwise required to disclose such information by law. we also will release personal information where disclosure is necessary to protect our legal rights, enforce our terms of use or other agreements, or to protect ourselves or others. for example, we may share information to reduce the risk of fraud or if someone uses or attempts to use our site for illegal reasons or to commit fraud. we my provide customer information to carefully selected partners. in such cases, we might share and/or cross-reference information, including personal information about you that will enable such persons or entities to contact you regarding products and services that may be of interest to you. we may share non-personal information (such as the number of daily visitors to a particular web page, or the size of an order placed on a certain date) with third parties such as advertising partners. this information does not directly personally identify you or any user. business transfer. your personal information may be disclosed as part of any merger, sale of company assets or acquisition, as well as in the event of an insolvency, bankruptcy or receivership, in which personal information would be transferred as one of the business assets of the company. data security our site incorporates physical, electronic, and administrative procedures to safeguard the confidentiality of your personal information, including secure sockets layer ("ssl") for all financial transactions through our site. we use ssl encryption to protect your personal information online, and we also take several steps to protect your personal information in our facilities. access to your personal information is restricted. only employees who need access to your personal information to perform a specific job are granted access to your personal information. when you visit our site, you access servers, electronic firewalls and other systems that are kept in a locked secure physical environment, with camera surveillance. while we use industry-standard precautions to safeguard your personal information, we cannot guarantee complete security. 100% complete security does not presently exist anywhere online or offline. opt out / corrections upon your request, we will (a) correct or update your personal information; (b) stop sending emails to your email address; (c) stop sharing your personal information with our carefully selected partners. you can make these requests using the contact us or my account area of our site. if you would like to change your account to prevent any future external use, or reactivation, verbal phone communication is required. contact our support department using the information listed on the contact us page of our web site to make this type of request. personal identification information will be required. offline collection, use & disclosure of information as you might expect, the majority of information that we collect is obtained through our site, and this privacy policy applies only to that online collection of personal information. we also collect information offline, where we also try to protect the privacy of you personal information. one example involves someone calling us to place an order or to ask questions. when someone calls, we will ask only for the personal information we need in order to place an order or to answer questions. when we need to store information (such as order information), we will enter it into our database through ssl encryption. (see the data security section above for more information). another example involves faxes. if you fax something to us, we will act upon the fax and then either store it in a locked repository or shred the fax if there is no need to retain the information. there are other ways we could learn of personal information offline (for example, we suppose someone could send us a letter including some return address information), and this policy doesn't discuss or try to predict all of those methods or uses. we will try to treat offline collection, uses, and disclosures consistently with our relevant online practices. update to this policy we reserve the right to change or update this privacy policy. when a revision is made, we will revise the "last updated" date at the top of this page. we encourage you to check the date of our privacy policy each time you visit our web site for any updates or changes. your use of our web site constitutes your consent to this privacy policy, including any changes or updates. customer service | 1.800.805.5493 30-day money back guarantee free shipping on orders over $49 home | about us | contact us | terms of use | shipping information | security info | return policy | live help | ingredient dictionary © 2012  cosmeticmall.  all rights reserved. cosmeticmall sells only non-prescription skin care.