来源URL: https://web.archive.org/web/20231202180425/https://cosmeticmall.com/pages/about-us
================================================================================

about us – cosmeticmall.com sign in or create an account search cart 0 search home bath & body fragrances women's fragrances men's fragrances skin care hair care makeup shop bath & body fragrances skin care hair care makeup home & garden electronics sporting goods musical gear pet supplies cameras & photo all products my account sign in create an account menu cart 0 home › about us about us about us cosmeticmall.com - the beauty superstore! the largest selection of beauty online. featuring over 40,000 products and 1000 top brands of makeup, skincare, bath & body, hair, tools, men's products, and gifts. founded by cosmetics industry veteran jay katz in 1996, it was one of the first beauty stores on the internet. shipping & tax shipping cost is calculated in your basket. we usually use us postal to keep shipping cost low. we only ship to usa. tax is only charged on orders shipping to florida. privacy policy this notice describes our privacy policy. by visiting our site, you are accepting the practices described in this privacy policy. here are the types of information we gather. information you give us: we receive and store any information you enter on our web site or give us in any other way. you can choose not to provide certain information, but then you might not be able to take advantage of many of our features. we use the information that you provide for such purposes as responding to your requests and communicating with you. automatic information: we receive and store certain types of information whenever you interact with us. for example, like many web sites, we use "cookies," and we obtain certain types of information when your web browser accesses our web site. what about cookies?cookies are alphanumeric identifiers that we transfer to your computer's hard drive through your web browser to enable our systems to recognize your browser, to provide certain features, and to allow storage of items in your shopping cart between visits.the help portion of the toolbar on most browsers will tell you how to prevent your browser from accepting new cookies, how to have the browser notify you when you receive a new cookie, or how to disable cookies altogether. we share information as described below. third-party service providers: we may employ other companies and individuals to perform functions on our behalf. examples include providing web site services, fulfilling orders, delivering packages, sending postal mail and e-mail, processing credit card payments, and providing customer service. they have access to personal information needed to perform their functions, but may not use it for other purposes. business transfers: as we continue to develop our business, we might sell or buy stores, subsidiaries, or business units. in such transactions, customer information generally is one of the transferred business assets but remains subject to the promises made in any pre-existing privacy policy (unless, of course, the customer consents otherwise). our protection and protection of others: we release account and other personal information when we believe release is appropriate to comply with the law; enforce or apply our terms of use and other agreements; or protect our rights, property, or safety and those of our users, and others. this includes exchanging information with other companies and organizations for fraud protection and credit risk reduction. with your consent: other than as set out above, you will receive notice when information about you might go to third parties, and you will have an opportunity to choose not to share the information. terms & conditions welcome to the cosmeticmall.com website (cm). cm is a division of bath water marketing, inc a florida corporation. please review the following basic terms that govern your use of and purchase of products from our site. please note that your use of our site constitutes your agreement to follow and be bound by these terms.we may from time to time change the terms that govern your use of our site. your use of our site following any such change constitutes your agreement to follow and be bound by the terms as changed. we may change, move or delete portions of, or may add to, our site from time to time. cm is not responsible for typographical errors or omissions relating to pricing, copy, photography, or application. in the event of an error, we will contact you via email with the correct information.copyright and trademarks all pictures, texts, and drawings within this world wide web site are subject to copyright laws. reproduction in whole or in part in any form or medium without express written permission is prohibited. copyright © by cm. all rights reserved. cosmeticmall.com ® and the cm logo are registered trademarks. all other trademarks, products names and company names and logos appearing on this site are the property of their respective owners.the contents of our site, and the site as a whole, are intended solely for personal, noncommercial (other than for the purchase of merchandise from our site) use by the users of our site. you may download or copy the contents and other downloadable materials displayed on the site for our personal use only. no right, title or interest in any downloaded materials or software is transferred to you as a result of any such downloading or copying. you may not reproduce (except as noted above), publish, transmit, distribute, display, modify, create derivative works from, sell or participate in any sale of, or exploit in any way, in whole or in part, any of the contents, the site, or any related software. all products are priced in united states dollars. we reserve the right to require additional forms of identification prior to processing any order. the receipt of an email confirmation does not constitute the acceptance of an order or as a confirmation of an offer to sell. we reserve the right, without prior notification, to limit the order quantity on any item. the liability of cm for losses or damages, arising out of any cause whatsoever is limited to a full refund of the purchase price, or at our option, repair or replacement of the product. we shall not be liable for consequential or incidental damages. we make no representations or warrantees on merchantability or fitness of any product for any purpose, nor do we represent that the information presented on this site is accurate, complete, or current. user comments, feedback, postcards and other submissionsall comments, feedback, postcards, suggestions, ideas, and other submissions disclosed, submitted or offered to cosmeticmall on or by this site or otherwise disclosed, submitted or offered in connection with your use of this site shall be and remain our property. such disclosure, submission or offer of any comments shall constitute an assignment to us of all worldwide rights, titles and interests in all copyrights and other intellectual properties in your comments. thus, cosmeticmall will own exclusively all such rights, titles and interests and shall not be limited in any way in its use, commercial or otherwise, of any comments. cosmeticmall will be under no obligation (1) to maintain any comments in confidence; (2) to pay to user any compensation for any comments; or (3) to respond to any user comments. you agree that no comments submitted by you to the site will violate any right of any third party, including copyright, trademark, privacy or other personal or proprietary right(s). you further agree that no comments submitted by you to the site will be or contain libelous or otherwise unlawful, abusive or obscene material. you are and shall remain solely responsible for the content of any comments you make. by participating in any site sweepstakes, contests, promotions, and/or requesting promotional information or product updates, you agree that cosmeticmall may use your information for marketing and promotional purposes. links to other web sites and servicesto the extent that this site contains links to outside services and resources, the availability and content of which cm does not control, any concerns regarding any such service or resource, or any link thereto, should be directed to the particular outside service or resource. disclaimerthis site and all contents of the site are provided on an "as is" basis without warranties of any kind, either express or implied, including without limitation warranties of title or implied warranties of merchantability or fitness for a particular purpose. you acknowledge, by your use of the site, that your use of the site is at your sole risk, that you assume full responsibility for all costs associated with all necessary servicing or repairs of any equipment you use in connection with your use of our site, and that cm shall not be liable for any damages of any kind related to your use of this site. indemnificationyou agree to defend, indemnify and hold cm harmless from and against any and all claims, damages, costs and expenses, including attorneys' fees, arising from or related to your use of the site. terminationthis agreement is effective unless and until terminated by either you or cm. you may terminate this agreement at any time. cm also may terminate this agreement at any time and may do so immediately without notice, and accordingly deny you access to the site, if in cm's sole discretion you fail to comply with any term or provision of this agreement. upon any termination of this agreement by either you or cm, you must promptly destroy all materials downloaded or otherwise obtained from this site, as well as all copies of such materials, whether made under the terms of this agreement or otherwise. quick links search about us contact us returns & exchanges get in touch customerservice@cosmeticmall.com newsletter © 2024 cosmeticmall.com all rights reserved. the beauty superstore - online since 1996!