来源URL: https://web.archive.org/web/20141229093901/http://www.footsmart.com/ShopByCondition?sort=alpha
================================================================================

footsmart :: comfortable walking shoes & foot pain products for heel pain, back support & foot problems :: comfort footwear home | catalog request | online catalog | email sign-up | 1 (800) 707-9928 | my account | account sign-in " onclick="fscoremetricsold.elementtagwithattributes('logo','top nav','top nav','logo and links');" title='comfortology :: really great shoes... surprisingly comfortable!'> shopping cart () search products women's shoes shoe shop boots casual sandals casual shoes cross-trainers dress sandals dress shoes occupational shoes running shoes therapeutic shoes trail & hiking shoes walking shoes wellness shoes shop all women's shoes > more ways to shop top-rated shoes new arrivals best sellers shop by brand hard to find widths narrow medium wide wide wide extra extra wide shoe accessories shoe care & protection shoe comfort & fit aids shoe organization shop all accessories > shop shoes by ailment arch pain ball-of-foot pain bunions diabetic feet flat feet heel pain & heel spurs plantar fasciitis pronation view all ailments > men's shoes shoe shop boots casual sandals casual shoes cross-trainers dress shoes occupational shoes running shoes therapeutic shoes trail & hiking shoes walking shoes wellness shoes shop all men's shoes > more ways to shop top-rated shoes new arrivals best sellers shop by brand hard to find widths narrow medium wide wide wide extra extra wide shoe accessories shoe care & protection shoe comfort & fit aids shoe organization shop all accessories > shop shoes by ailment arch pain ball-of-foot pain bunions diabetic feet flat feet heel pain & heel spurs plantar fasciitis pronation view all ailments > slippers women's slippers ballerina bath & spa bootie house mule & clog open toe slide slip-on slipper sock thong shop all women's slippers > men's slippers bootie house mule & clog open toe slip-on shop all men's slippers > shop slippers by ailment bunions diabetic feet flat feet hammertoes heel pain & heel spurs plantar fasciitis wide feet view all ailments > foot health foot health bunions & toes bunions calluses corns crooked toes hammertoes ingrown toenails overlapping toes yellow / discolored toenails shop all > cold feet relief bed socks hot / cold therapy socks thermal insoles shop all > corns, calluses & forefoot ball of foot pain calluses corns metatarsalgia morton's neuroma shop all > foot baths & massagers foot baths foot / leg massagers reflexology shop all > foot odor & hygiene athlete's foot foot odor foot perspiration / wetness yellow nail treatments shop all > foot supports & insoles arch supports heel cushions insoles orthotics shop all > heel pain & plantar fasciitis foot / arch supports heel cushions hot / cold therapy night splints shoes slippers stretching aids topical analgesics shop all > sensitive feet & diabetes diabetic insoles diabetic neuropathy diabetic shoes diabetic skincare diabetic slippers diabetic socks non binding socks shop all > skincare & nailcare athlete's foot bath accessories creams / lotions / gels foot baths foot odor foot perspiration / wetness implements / files ingrown toenails moisturizing socks nail polish pedicure yellow / discolored toenails shop all > shop by ailment achilles tendonitis arch pain ball-of-foot pain bunions hammertoes heel pain & heel spurs metatarsalgia morton's neuroma plantar fasciitis pronation view all ailments > lower body health lower body health ankle, knee & leg achilles tendonitis ankle pain arthritic knees calf pain iliotibial band syndrome knee pain runner's knee shin splints shop all > arthritis & joint health arthritic ankles arthritic knees heat therapy warming creams shop all > back care braces / supports hot / cold therapy seat cushions topical analgesics traction / inversion shop all > leg & body skincare spider / varicose veins shop all > leg circulation calf pain compression sleeves leg elevators leg massagers non-binding socks pedalers / cycles support hosiery support socks warming creams shop all > low impact exercise ellipticals gliders / rowers pedalers / cycles steppers treadmills shop all > posture posture bras posture supports seat cushions shop all > spa & massage bath accessories body massagers foot / leg massagers foot baths reflexology shop all > spider & varicose veins compression sleeves creams, lotions & gels support hosiery support socks shop all > shop by ailment arthritis back pain diabetic neuropathy edema heaviness in legs knee pain leg pain patellofemoral stress syndrome swollen feet & legs varicose veins view all ailments > socks women's socks athletic & sport casual diabetic & sensitive feet dress graduated support lounging & at home slipper swollen feet & edema work & duty shop all women's socks > men's socks athletic & sport casual diabetic & sensitive feet dress graduated support lounging & at home slipper swollen feet & edema work & duty shop all men's socks > shop by sock length anklet / quarter knee highs low cut mid-calf / crew no show / loafer over-the-calf shop by ailment cold feet edema foot odor foot perspiration hyperhidrosis spider veins swollen ankles view all ailments > hosiery graduated support hosiery support knee highs support thigh highs support pantyhose shop all > shop by support level light support moderate support firm support shop by brand footsmart jobst select support sigvaris shop all > shop hosiery by ailment circulation edema heaviness in legs leg pain spider veins swollen ankles swollen feet & legs tired, aching feet varicose veins wide calves view all ailments > shop by brand featured shoe brands brooks clarks crocs dansko drew easy spirit fitflop hush puppies merrell naturalizer new balance orthaheel propet softspots vionic with orthaheel technology shop all shoe brands > brands by category women's shoes men's shoes slippers socks / hosiery insoles sale women's shoes men's shoes shop all > women's shoes men's shoes slippers shop all > identify ailments & find relief - - foot toe blisters blisters blisters, fluid-filled bubbles on the skin’s surface that often occur due to friction, can be quite painful. click below to learn more about this condition, or shop for products to ease blister pain and prevent new ones from forming. shop products - visit our footsmart health resource center - learn more about diagnosis, treatment & prevention. bunions bunions the bony prominence at the big toe joint, called a bunion, can be caused by aging, inappropriate footwear, genetics and other factors. click below to read information from the podiatry institute about how to treat and prevent this condition, or shop for products to relieve bunion pain and help prevent surgery. shop products - visit our footsmart health resource center - learn more about diagnosis, treatment & prevention. calluses calluses the thick skin usually found on the bottom of your feet, called a callus, is your body's way of protecting sensitive areas where friction often occurs. click below to read more about this condition, or shop for products to soften and remove calluses from feet. shop products - visit our footsmart health resource center - learn more about diagnosis, treatment & prevention. corns corns foot corns, the irritating bumps that usually appear on the sides of your toes, are one common result of shoe friction. click below to read the podiatry institute's recommendations on how to treat and prevent foot corns, or shop for products to ease pain. shop products - visit our footsmart health resource center - learn more about diagnosis, treatment & prevention. hammertoes hammertoes if your toes appear crooked or misshapen, chances are you have hammertoes, a condition usually caused by a muscle imbalance from an unnatural walk. click below to learn more about this condition, or shop for products to relieve hammertoe pain. shop products - visit our footsmart health resource center - learn more about diagnosis, treatment & prevention. ingrown toenails ingrown toenails clipping your toenails may seem like a simple job, but improper technique may result in ingrown toenails and accompanying pain, swelling and infection. click below to read the podiatry institute's tips for avoiding ingrown toenails, or shop for products designed to treat and prevent this condition. shop products - visit our footsmart health resource center - learn more about diagnosis, treatment & prevention. nail remedies nail remedies don't hide your toenails – treat them! improve the appearance of yellow, discolored and/or infected toenails with a variety of available remedies. click below for more information from the podiatry institute on different toenail infections, or shop for products to get healthier looking nails. shop products - visit our footsmart health resource center - learn more about diagnosis, treatment & prevention. overlapping toes overlapping toes overlapping toes, also called hammertoes or crooked toes, are primarily caused by a muscle imbalance due to an unnatural walk. click below to read more information from the podiatry institute about this condition, or shop for products to correct your case of overlapping toes. shop products - visit our footsmart health resource center - learn more about diagnosis, treatment & prevention. thick & yellow toenails tick & yellow toenails unhealthy toenails often take on a yellow tinge when inflicted with an infection. click below to read more about how to treat and prevent yellow toenails, or shop for products that offer fast relief. shop products - visit our footsmart health resource center - learn more about diagnosis, treatment & prevention. toe pain - pinched toes toe pain - pinched toes do your toes feel cramped, pinched and painful? click below to read information from the podiatry institute on how to treat pinched toes, usually the result of inadequate footwear, or shop now for products like toe caps, toe separators and other toe care products. shop products - visit our footsmart health resource center - learn more about diagnosis, treatment & prevention. ball ball-of-foot pain ball-of-foot pain pain in the ball of the foot can make walking unbearable. click below to read more about how to treat and prevent this condition, also known as metatarsalgia, or shop for products to ease pain and comfort feet. shop products - visit our footsmart health resource center - learn more about diagnosis, treatment & prevention. calluses calluses the thick skin usually found on the bottom of your feet, called a callus, is your body's way of protecting sensitive areas where friction often occurs. click below to read more about this condition, or shop for products to soften and remove calluses from feet. shop products - visit our footsmart health resource center - learn more about diagnosis, treatment & prevention. metatarsalgia metatarsalgia feeling pain in the ball of your foot? most likely you have metatarsalgia. a number of different factors can contribute to the development of metatarsalgia, so click below to read information from the podiatry institute on what caused – and how to treat and prevent – this condition. also shop for products for immediate relief. shop products - visit our footsmart health resource center - learn more about diagnosis, treatment & prevention. morton's neuroma morton's neuroma if your toes hurt or feel numb, you may be suffering with morton's neuroma, an inflammation of the common digital nerve between adjacent toes on the bottom of the foot. click below to read information from the podiatry institute about this condition – including tips for relief and prevention – or shop for products to relieve your pain. shop products - visit our footsmart health resource center - learn more about diagnosis, treatment & prevention. arch arch pain arch pain do your foot arches feel sore and painful? arch pain can be attributed to a number of factors, including poor or ill-fitting footwear (such as high heels), foot injuries, plantar fasciitis or – the most likely reason – flat feet or weakening foot arches. click below to read more about this condition or shop for products to relieve pain. shop products - visit our footsmart health resource center - learn more about diagnosis, treatment & prevention. fallen arches fallen arches people with arch pain or fallen arches are most likely suffering from a condition called flat feet. because people with flat feet have no arch support, the foot tends to turn outward at the ankle, causing a walk that's concentrated on the inner border of the foot. don't walk with pain; walk in comfort. click below to read more about this condition or shop for products to treat and prevent fallen arch pain. shop products - visit our footsmart health resource center - learn more about diagnosis, treatment & prevention. flat feet flat feet are you suffering from arch pain? if so, you could have a condition called flat feet. due to the less supportive structure of a flat foot, symptoms can include foot, ankle, knee and lower back pain. click below to read more about this condition, or shop for products to lift fallen arches and relieve pain. walk in comfort at footsmart. shop products - visit our footsmart health resource center - learn more about diagnosis, treatment & prevention. plantar fasciitis plantar fasciitis plantar fasciitis is an inflammatory condition that causes intense heel pain. the main cause of plantar fasciitis: overstretching the plantar fascia, the band of connective tissue that stretches from the heel to the ball of the foot and also supports the foot's arch. click below to read more about this condition – including treatment and prevention tips from the podiatry institute – or shop for products to relieve your heel pain. shop products - visit our footsmart health resource center - learn more about diagnosis, treatment & prevention. weak arches weak arches weak arches can lead to a more serious condition known as flat feet, so it's important to get help for weak or collapsing arches as soon as possible. click below to read more about flat feet or shop for products to treat and prevent weak arches. shop products - visit our footsmart health resource center - learn more about diagnosis, treatment & prevention. heel achilles tendonitis achilles tendonitis achilles tendonitis, an inflammation of the achilles tendon, can cause severe pain and swelling, usually in the area just above the ankle. please click on the "to health facts" link below for more information. below, examine achilles tendonitis support products like achilles tendon wraps and achilles heel sleeves from footsmart. shop products - visit our footsmart health resource center - learn more about diagnosis, treatment & prevention. blisters blisters blisters, fluid-filled bubbles on the skin’s surface that often occur due to friction, can be quite painful. click below to learn more about this condition, or shop for products to ease blister pain and prevent new ones from forming. shop products - visit our footsmart health resource center - learn more about diagnosis, treatment & prevention. calluses calluses the thick skin usually found on the bottom of your feet, called a callus, is your body's way of protecting sensitive areas where friction often occurs. click below to read more about this condition, or shop for products to soften and remove calluses from feet. shop products - visit our footsmart health resource center - learn more about diagnosis, treatment & prevention. dry & cracked heels dry & cracked heels the heels on your feet are very susceptible to cracking and bleeding. don't suffer with dry heels! find relief at footsmart. click below to read the podiatry institute's tips for treating dry skin, or shop for products to smooth and soften cracked heels. shop products - visit our footsmart health resource center - learn more about diagnosis, treatment & prevention. heel pain & heel spurs heel pain & heel spurs if your plantar fascia ligament becomes inflamed, calcium deposits may eventually form on the heel bone. these deposits, called heel spurs, can cause mild to serious heel pain when applying pressure on the foot. click below to read the podiatry institute's recommendations for treating and preventing heel spurs, or shop for products that provide pain relief. shop products - visit our footsmart health resource center - learn more about diagnosis, treatment & prevention. narrow heels narrow heels do you wear shoes that are too wide in the heel? heels rubbing against ill-fitting shoes can cause irritation or blisters. footsmart can help with a wide selection of products designed to improve fit and cut down on irritation, from narrow-width shoes to heel liners. shop products - visit our footsmart health resource center - learn more about diagnosis, treatment & prevention. plantar fasciitis plantar fasciitis plantar fasciitis is an inflammatory condition that causes intense heel pain. the main cause of plantar fasciitis: overstretching the plantar fascia, the band of connective tissue that stretches from the heel to the ball of the foot and also supports the foot's arch. click below to read more about this condition – including treatment and prevention tips from the podiatry institute – or shop for products to relieve your heel pain. shop products - visit our footsmart health resource center - learn more about diagnosis, treatment & prevention. entire foot arthritis arthritis arthritis, an inflammatory condition of the joints, commonly affects the lower body, hindering mobility. please click on the "to health facts" link below for ways to help treat and prevent arthritis. also make sure to look below for arthritis pain relief products like arthritis pain relief creams and other arthritis relief items. shop products - visit our footsmart health resource center - learn more about diagnosis, treatment & prevention. athlete's foot athlete's foot keeping feet cool, dry and comfortable is the best way to guard your feet against athlete's foot, a contagious fungus that thrives in moist environments like wet, sweaty shoes and socks. click below to read more about athlete's foot, or shop for products to treat excessive foot perspiration. shop products - visit our footsmart health resource center - learn more about diagnosis, treatment & prevention. blisters blisters blisters, fluid-filled bubbles on the skin’s surface that often occur due to friction, can be quite painful. click below to learn more about this condition, or shop for products to ease blister pain and prevent new ones from forming. shop products - visit our footsmart health resource center - learn more about diagnosis, treatment & prevention. bromhidrosis bromhidrosis excessive sweating and moisture can result in severe foot odor, also known as bromhidrosis. click below to read information from the podiatry institute about how to treat and prevent this condition, or shop for products to keep feet dry, cool and comfortable. shop products - visit our footsmart health resource center - learn more about diagnosis, treatment & prevention. bursitis bursitis bursitis occurs when the fluid-filled cushions protecting the body's joints become inflamed. if you're suffering from foot and lower body pain and swelling due to bursitis, footsmart can help. click below to read information from the podiatry institute on treatment and prevention options, or shop for products to ease pain and swelling. shop products - visit our footsmart health resource center - learn more about diagnosis, treatment & prevention. calluses calluses the thick skin usually found on the bottom of your feet, called a callus, is your body's way of protecting sensitive areas where friction often occurs. click below to read more about this condition, or shop for products to soften and remove calluses from feet. shop products - visit our footsmart health resource center - learn more about diagnosis, treatment & prevention. charcot foot charcot foot if you have diabetic neuropathy and thus reduced sensation in your feet, you are at a high risk for developing charcot foot. characterized by pain, redness, swelling and increased foot temperature, charcot foot is a degenerative condition whereby the joints of the arch collapse due to impaired sensation to pain. click below to read information from the podiatry institute on this condition, or shop for products to relieve pain and swelling. shop products - visit our footsmart health resource center - learn more about diagnosis, treatment & prevention. cold feet cold feet do you suffer from cold feet? cold feet and hands are often signs that you may have poor circulation. click below to read more about this condition, or shop a wide selection of products to help warm feet and improve circulation. shop products - visit our footsmart health resource center - learn more about diagnosis, treatment & prevention. corns corns foot corns, the irritating bumps that usually appear on the sides of your toes, are one common result of shoe friction. click below to read the podiatry institute's recommendations on how to treat and prevent foot corns, or shop for products to ease pain. shop products - visit our footsmart health resource center - learn more about diagnosis, treatment & prevention. diabetic feet diabetic feet diabetic feet need extra care and attention, mainly because many diabetics suffer from diminished sensation or the inability to feel pain. click below to read the podiatry institute's tips for caring for diabetic feet, or shop for products to protect feet and keep them healthy. shop products - visit our footsmart health resource center - learn more about diagnosis, treatment & prevention. diabetic neuropathy diabetic neuropathy diabetics are at risk for developing diabetic neuropathy, a condition that develops following damage to the specific nerves in the peripheral nervous system, the nerves connecting the brain and spinal cord to the rest of the body. click below to read information from the podiatry institute about this condition, or shop for products to protect diabetic feet. shop products - visit our footsmart health resource center - learn more about diagnosis, treatment & prevention. dry skin dry skin the best way to treat and also prevent dry, cracked skin on your feet and heels is to use good therapeutic ointments and creams. click below to read more tips from the podiatry institute on how to relieve this condition, or shop for products to soften and smooth your feet. shop products - visit our footsmart health resource center - learn more about diagnosis, treatment & prevention. foot odor foot odor excessive foot perspiration is the reason your feet smell. click below for tips from the podiatry insitute on how to treat and prevent foot odor problems, or shop for products to keep feet dry, cool and comfortable. shop products - visit our footsmart health resource center - learn more about diagnosis, treatment & prevention. foot perspiration foot perspiration excessive foot perspiration is a main cause behind many common foot conditions, including athlete's foot and foot odor. get help from footsmart: click below to read the podiatry institute's tips for treating this ailment, or shop for products to keep feet dry, cool and comfortable. shop products - visit our footsmart health resource center - learn more about diagnosis, treatment & prevention. hot feet hot feet according to the podiatry institute, a number of different factors can cause hot feet. click below to read more about this condition, or shop for products to help keep feet cool and comfortable all day long. shop products - visit our footsmart health resource center - learn more about diagnosis, treatment & prevention. hyperhidrosis hyperhidrosis do your shoes and socks constantly feel wet? if so, you may be suffering from hyperhidrosis, a condition characterized by excessive foot perspiration. click below for more information from the podiatry institute on how to relieve and prevent this condition, or shop for products to keep feet dry, cool and comfortable all day long. shop products - visit our footsmart health resource center - learn more about diagnosis, treatment & prevention. pronation pronation pronation is the medical term that refers to the rolling-in or flattening out of the foot's arch, which can result in flat feet. click below to learn more about how to treat and prevent this condition, or shop for products to help keep you walking in comfort. shop products - visit our footsmart health resource center - learn more about diagnosis, treatment & prevention. sensitive feet sensitive feet click below to shop for comfort footwear, seamless socks and healthcare products just for sensitive feet and legs. shop products - visit our footsmart health resource center - learn more about diagnosis, treatment & prevention. supination supination supination occurs when the ankle rolls out, so that you appear to be standing on the sides of your foot. excessive supination can cause ankle sprains. click below to read more about this condition, or shop for products to correct your stance and prevent ankle injuries. shop products - visit our footsmart health resource center - learn more about diagnosis, treatment & prevention. swollen feet and legs swolen feet and legs are you suffering from swollen feet and legs? poor circulation is one major cause, and the podiatry institute recommends leg elevation as the best form of treatment. click below to read more information from the podiatry institute about this condition, or shop for products to reduce swelling, increase circulation and prevent leg veins. shop products - visit our footsmart health resource center - learn more about diagnosis, treatment & prevention. tarsal tunnel syndrome tarsal tunnel syndrome one of the main causes of tarsal tunnel syndrome is traumatic injury to the ankle area, and usually results in intense foot and ankle pain. click below to read more about this condition - including recommendations from the podiatry institute on the best treatment options - or shop for products to relieve your pain. shop products - visit our footsmart health resource center - learn more about diagnosis, treatment & prevention. tired, aching feet tired, aching feet do your feet constantly hurt, especially at the end of a long day? are you looking for some way to relieve aching feet? footsmart can help with a wide selection of products designed to soothe and ease swollen, tired feet. click below to read the podiatry institute's treatment and prevention tips - so you can avoid achy feet - or start shopping now. shop products - visit our footsmart health resource center - learn more about diagnosis, treatment & prevention. wide feet wide feet looking for shoes and socks to fit wide feet, or just want to learn why your legs and feet are so swollen? click below to read more or shop for products just for this condition. shop products - visit our footsmart health resource center - learn more about diagnosis, treatment & prevention. leg ankle achilles tendonitis achilles tendonitis achilles tendonitis, an inflammation of the achilles tendon, can cause severe pain and swelling, usually in the area just above the ankle. please click on the "to health facts" link below for more information. below, examine achilles tendonitis support products like achilles tendon wraps and achilles heel sleeves from footsmart. shop products - visit our footsmart health resource center - learn more about diagnosis, treatment & prevention. ankle sprains ankle sprains ankle sprains, the number one injury concerning the ankle joint, can often force sufferers to refrain from physical activity for four to eight weeks, depending on the severity of the damage done. the reason: an ankle sprain results in a stretching to a partial or complete tear of the ankle ligaments on the outside of the foot. click below to read more about this condition or shop for products to relieve pain. shop products - visit our footsmart health resource center - learn more about diagnosis, treatment & prevention. arthritis arthritis arthritis, an inflammatory condition of the joints, commonly affects the lower body, hindering mobility. please click on the "to health facts" link below for ways to help treat and prevent arthritis. also make sure to look below for arthritis pain relief products like arthritis pain relief creams and other arthritis relief items. shop products - visit our footsmart health resource center - learn more about diagnosis, treatment & prevention. swollen ankles swollen ankles are you suffering from swollen ankles? many different factors can contribute to your development of swollen ankles, legs and feet, including pregnancy, water retention and decreased circulation. click below to read more about this condition - including treatment and prevention tips from the podiatry institute - or shop for products to ease swelling fast. shop products - visit our footsmart health resource center - learn more about diagnosis, treatment & prevention. tarsal tunnel syndrome tarsal tunnel syndrome one of the main causes of tarsal tunnel syndrome is traumatic injury to the ankle area, and usually results in intense foot and ankle pain. click below to read more about this condition - including recommendations from the podiatry institute on the best treatment options - or shop for products to relieve your pain. shop products - visit our footsmart health resource center - learn more about diagnosis, treatment & prevention. weak ankles weak ankles chronic sprains often result in weak ankles. if you want to strengthen weak ankles, or learn how to take precautions to avoid long-term problems, please click below to read information from the podiatry institute about this condition. you can also shop for products to support and stabilize weak ankles. shop products - visit our footsmart health resource center - learn more about diagnosis, treatment & prevention. knee arthritis arthritis arthritis, an inflammatory condition of the joints, commonly affects the lower body, hindering mobility. please click on the "to health facts" link below for ways to help treat and prevent arthritis. also make sure to look below for arthritis pain relief products like arthritis pain relief creams and other arthritis relief items. shop products - visit our footsmart health resource center - learn more about diagnosis, treatment & prevention. chondromalacia chondromalacia are you suffering from chronic pain behind or around your kneecap? if so, you could have chondromalacia, also known as "runner's knee," an abnormal softening of the cartilage that makes walking up or down stairs feel painful. click below to read more information about this condition, or shop for products to treat and prevent pain. shop products - visit our footsmart health resource center - learn more about diagnosis, treatment & prevention. knee pain knee pain are you suffering from knee pain? treatment depends on the exact location of that pain, so click below to read more about the different types of knee pain and how to find relief. shop products - visit our footsmart health resource center - learn more about diagnosis, treatment & prevention. patellofemoral stress syndrome patellofemoral stress syndrome patellofemoral stress syndrome, "runner's knee" and chondromalacia are all different names for the same type of pain: chronic pain behind or around your kneecap that makes walking up and down stairs difficult. click below to read more information about this condition, or shop for products to treat and prevent pain. shop products - visit our footsmart health resource center - learn more about diagnosis, treatment & prevention. runner's knee runner's knee runner's knee, patellofemoral stress syndrome and chondromalacia are all different names for the same type of pain: chronic pain behind or around your kneecap that makes walking up or down stairs difficult. click below to read more information about this condition, or shop for products to treat and prevent pain. shop products - visit our footsmart health resource center - learn more about diagnosis, treatment & prevention. entire leg arthritis arthritis arthritis, an inflammatory condition of the joints, commonly affects the lower body, hindering mobility. please click on the "to health facts" link below for ways to help treat and prevent arthritis. also make sure to look below for arthritis pain relief products like arthritis pain relief creams and other arthritis relief items. shop products - visit our footsmart health resource center - learn more about diagnosis, treatment & prevention. calf pain calf pain pain in your calf may be caused by a variety of ailments, including muscle strain, poor circulation, blood clots and more. shop for products that can help enhance your circulation and provide support. shop products circulation circulation poor circulation can result in a myriad of symptoms, including leg and foot aches, swelling and even the development of spider and varicose veins. click below to read the podiatry institute's recommendations on treatment and prevention options, or shop for products to help improve circulation in your feet and legs. shop products - visit our footsmart health resource center - learn more about diagnosis, treatment & prevention. dvt dvt poor leg circulation can lead to the development of a blood clot, a sudden blockage in blood that can cause severe leg pain. this blood clot, known as deep vein thrombosis (dvt), can occur when a vein is damaged or if blood flow slows down or stops completely. click below for more information from the podiatry institute on how to treat and prevent this condition, or shop for products to improve circulation. shop products - visit our footsmart health resource center - learn more about diagnosis, treatment & prevention. economy class syndrome economy class syndrome long periods of sitting in a cramped and immobile position – such as the time spent on a long airplane ride – can lead to the development of economy class syndrome. click below to read more about how to prevent this condition, and shop for products to improve poor leg circulation. shop products - visit our footsmart health resource center - learn more about diagnosis, treatment & prevention. edema edema the best way to relieve swollen feet and legs, referred to medically as edema, is to elevate the legs above the level of the heart. click below to read more information from the podiatry institute about this condition, or shop for products to ease swelling and pain. shop products - visit our footsmart health resource center - learn more about diagnosis, treatment & prevention. heaviness in legs heaviness in legs heaviness in the legs is usually caused by a dysfunction of the vascular system, resulting in swelling and added weight to the legs. click below to read more about this condition – including treatment and prevention tips from the podiatry institute – or shop for products to ease pain and swelling. shop products - visit our footsmart health resource center - learn more about diagnosis, treatment & prevention. leg length discrepancy leg length discrepancy people with leg length discrepancy, when one leg is longer than the other, can resolve their problem by wearing adjustable heel lifts. click below to read more about how to best treat this condition, or try the adjust-a-lift heel lifts for fast relief. shop products - visit our footsmart health resource center - learn more about diagnosis, treatment & prevention. leg pain leg pain many conditions and complexities can contribute to leg pain, including shin splints, nerve conditions like tarsal tunnel syndrome, bone fractures and more. click below to read more about the different causes and treatments for leg pain, or shop for products to keep you moving in comfort. shop products - visit our footsmart health resource center - learn more about diagnosis, treatment & prevention. leg veins leg veins do the spider or varicose veins on your legs embarrass you? are you worried that you'll get leg veins just like mom or grandma? click below to read more about how to treat and prevent leg veins with tips from the podiatry institute, or shop for products to immediately improve leg circulation. shop products - visit our footsmart health resource center - learn more about diagnosis, treatment & prevention. shin splints shin splints shin splints can cause pain and swelling in the lower leg. treatment includes massage, stretching, rest, ice and strengthening exercises. click below to read more about how to relieve and prevent shin splint pain, or shop for products that provide immediate relief. shop products - visit our footsmart health resource center - learn more about diagnosis, treatment & prevention. spider veins spider veins spider veins appear as red or blue lines anywhere on the leg. one of the best ways to treat and prevent spider and varicose veins is to improve circulation through exercise or by wearing support hose. click below to read more information about spider veins - including treatment and prevention tips from the podiatry institute - or shop for products to improve leg circulation. shop products - visit our footsmart health resource center - learn more about diagnosis, treatment & prevention. swollen feet and legs swollen feet and legs are you suffering from swollen feet and legs? poor circulation is one major cause, and the podiatry institute recommends leg elevation as the best form of treatment. click below to read more information from the podiatry institute about this condition, or shop for products to reduce swelling, increase circulation and prevent leg veins. shop products - visit our footsmart health resource center - learn more about diagnosis, treatment & prevention. tarsal tunnel syndrome tarsal tunnel syndrome one of the main causes of tarsal tunnel syndrome is traumatic injury to the ankle area, and usually results in intense foot and ankle pain. click below to read more about this condition - including recommendations from the podiatry institute on the best treatment options - or shop for products to relieve your pain. shop products - visit our footsmart health resource center - learn more about diagnosis, treatment & prevention. varicose veins varicose veins varicose veins, the twisting, enlarged veins found near the skin's surface, most often appear on the legs and ankles. click below to read the podiatry institute's tips for treatment and prevention, including improving leg circulation and wearing support hose, or shop for products that provide immediate relief. shop products - visit our footsmart health resource center - learn more about diagnosis, treatment & prevention. venous insufficiency venous insufficiency chronic venous insufficiency is the end stage result following deep vein thrombosis (dvt) and thrombophlebitis, more commonly called blood clots in the legs. click below to read more information from the podiatry institute on how to treat and prevent this condition, or shop for products to improve circulation. shop products - visit our footsmart health resource center - learn more about diagnosis, treatment & prevention. wide calves wide calves looking for socks to fit wide calves, or just want to learn why your legs and feet are so swollen? click below to read more or shop for products just for this condition. shop products - visit our footsmart health resource center - learn more about diagnosis, treatment & prevention. back entire back back pain back pain do you know what's causing your lower back pain? click below to read more about how to treat and prevent this condition, or shop for products to relieve pain. shop products - visit our footsmart health resource center - learn more about diagnosis, treatment & prevention. a achilles tendonitis achilles tendonitis achilles tendonitis, an inflammation of the achilles tendon, can cause severe pain and swelling, usually in the area just above the ankle. please click on the "to health facts" link below for more information. below, examine achilles tendonitis support products like achilles tendon wraps and achilles heel sleeves from footsmart. shop products - visit our footsmart health resource center - learn more about diagnosis, treatment & prevention. ankle sprains ankle sprains ankle sprains, the number one injury concerning the ankle joint, can often force sufferers to refrain from physical activity for four to eight weeks, depending on the severity of the damage done. the reason: an ankle sprain results in a stretching to a partial or complete tear of the ankle ligaments on the outside of the foot. click below to read more about this condition or shop for products to relieve pain. shop products - visit our footsmart health resource center - learn more about diagnosis, treatment & prevention. arch pain arch pain do your foot arches feel sore and painful? arch pain can be attributed to a number of factors, including poor or ill-fitting footwear (such as high heels), foot injuries, plantar fasciitis or – the most likely reason – flat feet or weakening foot arches. click below to read more about this condition or shop for products to relieve pain. shop products - visit our footsmart health resource center - learn more about diagnosis, treatment & prevention. arthritis arthritis arthritis, an inflammatory condition of the joints, commonly affects the lower body, hindering mobility. please click on the "to health facts" link below for ways to help treat and prevent arthritis. also make sure to look below for arthritis pain relief products like arthritis pain relief creams and other arthritis relief items. shop products - visit our footsmart health resource center - learn more about diagnosis, treatment & prevention. athlete's foot athlete's foot keeping feet cool, dry and comfortable is the best way to guard your feet against athlete's foot, a contagious fungus that thrives in moist environments like wet, sweaty shoes and socks. click below to read more about athlete's foot, or shop for products to treat excessive foot perspiration. shop products - visit our footsmart health resource center - learn more about diagnosis, treatment & prevention. b back pain back pain do you know what's causing your lower back pain? click below to read more about how to treat and prevent this condition, or shop for products to relieve pain. shop products - visit our footsmart health resource center - learn more about diagnosis, treatment & prevention. ball-of-foot pain ball-of-foot pain pain in the ball of the foot can make walking unbearable. click below to read more about how to treat and prevent this condition, also known as metatarsalgia, or shop for products to ease pain and comfort feet. shop products - visit our footsmart health resource center - learn more about diagnosis, treatment & prevention. blisters blisters blisters, fluid-filled bubbles on the skin’s surface that often occur due to friction, can be quite painful. click below to learn more about this condition, or shop for products to ease blister pain and prevent new ones from forming. shop products - visit our footsmart health resource center - learn more about diagnosis, treatment & prevention. bromhidrosis brohmidrosis excessive sweating and moisture can result in severe foot odor, also known as bromhidrosis. click below to read information from the podiatry institute about how to treat and prevent this condition, or shop for products to keep feet dry, cool and comfortable. shop products - visit our footsmart health resource center - learn more about diagnosis, treatment & prevention. bunions bunions the bony prominence at the big toe joint, called a bunion, can be caused by aging, inappropriate footwear, genetics and other factors. click below to read information from the podiatry institute about how to treat and prevent this condition, or shop for products to relieve bunion pain and help prevent surgery. shop products - visit our footsmart health resource center - learn more about diagnosis, treatment & prevention. bursitis bursitis bursitis occurs when the fluid-filled cushions protecting the body's joints become inflamed. if you're suffering from foot and lower body pain and swelling due to bursitis, footsmart can help. click below to read information from the podiatry institute on treatment and prevention options, or shop for products to ease pain and swelling. shop products - visit our footsmart health resource center - learn more about diagnosis, treatment & prevention. c calluses calluses the thick skin usually found on the bottom of your feet, called a callus, is your body's way of protecting sensitive areas where friction often occurs. click below to read more about this condition, or shop for products to soften and remove calluses from feet. shop products - visit our footsmart health resource center - learn more about diagnosis, treatment & prevention. charcot foot charcot foot if you have diabetic neuropathy and thus reduced sensation in your feet, you are at a high risk for developing charcot foot. characterized by pain, redness, swelling and increased foot temperature, charcot foot is a degenerative condition whereby the joints of the arch collapse due to impaired sensation to pain. click below to read information from the podiatry institute on this condition, or shop for products to relieve pain and swelling. shop products - visit our footsmart health resource center - learn more about diagnosis, treatment & prevention. chondromalacia chondromalacia are you suffering from chronic pain behind or around your kneecap? if so, you could have chondromalacia, also known as "runner's knee," an abnormal softening of the cartilage that makes walking up or down stairs feel painful. click below to read more information about this condition, or shop for products to treat and prevent pain. shop products - visit our footsmart health resource center - learn more about diagnosis, treatment & prevention. circulation circulation poor circulation can result in a myriad of symptoms, including leg and foot aches, swelling and even the development of spider and varicose veins. click below to read the podiatry institute's recommendations on treatment and prevention options, or shop for products to help improve circulation in your feet and legs. shop products - visit our footsmart health resource center - learn more about diagnosis, treatment & prevention. cold feet cold feet do you suffer from cold feet? cold feet and hands are often signs that you may have poor circulation. click below to read more about this condition, or shop a wide selection of products to help warm feet and improve circulation. shop products - visit our footsmart health resource center - learn more about diagnosis, treatment & prevention. corns corns foot corns, the irritating bumps that usually appear on the sides of your toes, are one common result of shoe friction. click below to read the podiatry institute's recommendations on how to treat and prevent foot corns, or shop for products to ease pain. shop products - visit our footsmart health resource center - learn more about diagnosis, treatment & prevention. d diabetic feet diabetic feet diabetic feet need extra care and attention, mainly because many diabetics suffer from diminished sensation or the inability to feel pain. click below to read the podiatry institute's tips for caring for diabetic feet, or shop for products to protect feet and keep them healthy. shop products - visit our footsmart health resource center - learn more about diagnosis, treatment & prevention. diabetic neuropathy diabetic neuropathy diabetics are at risk for developing diabetic neuropathy, a condition that develops following damage to the specific nerves in the peripheral nervous system, the nerves connecting the brain and spinal cord to the rest of the body. click below to read information from the podiatry institute about this condition, or shop for products to protect diabetic feet. shop products - visit our footsmart health resource center - learn more about diagnosis, treatment & prevention. dry & cracked heels dry & cracked heels the heels on your feet are very susceptible to cracking and bleeding. don't suffer with dry heels! find relief at footsmart. click below to read the podiatry institute's tips for treating dry skin, or shop for products to smooth and soften cracked heels. shop products - visit our footsmart health resource center - learn more about diagnosis, treatment & prevention. dry skin dry skin the best way to treat and also prevent dry, cracked skin on your feet and heels is to use good therapeutic ointments and creams. click below to read more tips from the podiatry institute on how to relieve this condition, or shop for products to soften and smooth your feet. shop products - visit our footsmart health resource center - learn more about diagnosis, treatment & prevention. dvt dvt poor leg circulation can lead to the development of a blood clot, a sudden blockage in blood that can cause severe leg pain. this blood clot, known as deep vein thrombosis (dvt), can occur when a vein is damaged or if blood flow slows down or stops completely. click below for more information from the podiatry institute on how to treat and prevent this condition, or shop for products to improve circulation. shop products - visit our footsmart health resource center - learn more about diagnosis, treatment & prevention. e economy class syndrome economy class syndrome long periods of sitting in a cramped and immobile position – such as the time spent on a long airplane ride – can lead to the development of economy class syndrome. click below to read more about how to prevent this condition, and shop for products to improve poor leg circulation. shop products - visit our footsmart health resource center - learn more about diagnosis, treatment & prevention. edema edema the best way to relieve swollen feet and legs, referred to medically as edema, is to elevate the legs above the level of the heart. click below to read more information from the podiatry institute about this condition, or shop for products to ease swelling and pain. shop products - visit our footsmart health resource center - learn more about diagnosis, treatment & prevention. f fallen arches fallen arches people with arch pain or fallen arches are most likely suffering from a condition called flat feet. because people with flat feet have no arch support, the foot tends to turn outward at the ankle, causing a walk that's concentrated on the inner border of the foot. don't walk with pain; walk in comfort. click below to read more about this condition or shop for products to treat and prevent fallen arch pain. shop products - visit our footsmart health resource center - learn more about diagnosis, treatment & prevention. flat feet flat feet are you suffering from arch pain? if so, you could have a condition called flat feet. due to the less supportive structure of a flat foot, symptoms can include foot, ankle, knee and lower back pain. click below to read more about this condition, or shop for products to lift fallen arches and relieve pain. walk in comfort at footsmart. shop products - visit our footsmart health resource center - learn more about diagnosis, treatment & prevention. foot odor foot odor excessive foot perspiration is the reason your feet smell. click below for tips from the podiatry insitute on how to treat and prevent foot odor problems, or shop for products to keep feet dry, cool and comfortable. shop products - visit our footsmart health resource center - learn more about diagnosis, treatment & prevention. foot perspiration foot perspiration excessive foot perspiration is a main cause behind many common foot conditions, including athlete's foot and foot odor. get help from footsmart: click below to read the podiatry institute's tips for treating this ailment, or shop for products to keep feet dry, cool and comfortable. shop products - visit our footsmart health resource center - learn more about diagnosis, treatment & prevention. h hammertoes hammertoes if your toes appear crooked or misshapen, chances are you have hammertoes, a condition usually caused by a muscle imbalance from an unnatural walk. click below to learn more about this condition, or shop for products to relieve hammertoe pain. shop products - visit our footsmart health resource center - learn more about diagnosis, treatment & prevention. heaviness in legs heaviness in legs heaviness in the legs is usually caused by a dysfunction of the vascular system, resulting in swelling and added weight to the legs. click below to read more about this condition – including treatment and prevention tips from the podiatry institute – or shop for products to ease pain and swelling. shop products - visit our footsmart health resource center - learn more about diagnosis, treatment & prevention. heel pain & heel spurs heel pain & spurs if your plantar fascia ligament becomes inflamed, calcium deposits may eventually form on the heel bone. these deposits, called heel spurs, can cause mild to serious heel pain when applying pressure on the foot. click below to read the podiatry institute's recommendations for treating and preventing heel spurs, or shop for products that provide pain relief. shop products - visit our footsmart health resource center - learn more about diagnosis, treatment & prevention. hot feet hot feet according to the podiatry institute, a number of different factors can cause hot feet. click below to read more about this condition, or shop for products to help keep feet cool and comfortable all day long. shop products - visit our footsmart health resource center - learn more about diagnosis, treatment & prevention. hyperhidrosis hyperhidrosis do your shoes and socks constantly feel wet? if so, you may be suffering from hyperhidrosis, a condition characterized by excessive foot perspiration. click below for more information from the podiatry institute on how to relieve and prevent this condition, or shop for products to keep feet dry, cool and comfortable all day long. shop products - visit our footsmart health resource center - learn more about diagnosis, treatment & prevention. i ingrown toenails ingrown toenails clipping your toenails may seem like a simple job, but improper technique may result in ingrown toenails and accompanying pain, swelling and infection. click below to read the podiatry institute's tips for avoiding ingrown toenails, or shop for products designed to treat and prevent this condition. shop products - visit our footsmart health resource center - learn more about diagnosis, treatment & prevention. itchy feet itchy feet dry skin and athlete's foot are two main causes of itchy feet. click below to read more about why you have itchy feet and how to find relief, plus shop for products to keep feet comfortable. shop products - visit our footsmart health resource center - learn more about diagnosis, treatment & prevention. k knee pain knee pain are you suffering from knee pain? treatment depends on the exact location of that pain, so click below to read more about the different types of knee pain and how to find relief. shop products - visit our footsmart health resource center - learn more about diagnosis, treatment & prevention. l leg length discrepancy leg length discrepancy people with leg length discrepancy, when one leg is longer than the other, can resolve their problem by wearing adjustable heel lifts. click below to read more about how to best treat this condition, or try the adjust-a-lift heel lifts for fast relief. shop products - visit our footsmart health resource center - learn more about diagnosis, treatment & prevention. leg pain leg pain many conditions and complexities can contribute to leg pain, including shin splints, nerve conditions like tarsal tunnel syndrome, bone fractures and more. click below to read more about the different causes and treatments for leg pain, or shop for products to keep you moving in comfort. shop products - visit our footsmart health resource center - learn more about diagnosis, treatment & prevention. leg veins leg veins do the spider or varicose veins on your legs embarrass you? are you worried that you'll get leg veins just like mom or grandma? click below to read more about how to treat and prevent leg veins with tips from the podiatry institute, or shop for products to immediately improve leg circulation. shop products - visit our footsmart health resource center - learn more about diagnosis, treatment & prevention. m metatarsalgia metatarsalgia feeling pain in the ball of your foot? most likely you have metatarsalgia. a number of different factors can contribute to the development of metatarsalgia, so click below to read information from the podiatry institute on what caused – and how to treat and prevent – this condition. also shop for products for immediate relief. shop products - visit our footsmart health resource center - learn more about diagnosis, treatment & prevention. morton's neuroma morton's neuroma if your toes hurt or feel numb, you may be suffering with morton's neuroma, an inflammation of the common digital nerve between adjacent toes on the bottom of the foot. click below to read information from the podiatry institute about this condition – including tips for relief and prevention – or shop for products to relieve your pain. shop products - visit our footsmart health resource center - learn more about diagnosis, treatment & prevention. n nail remedies nail remedies don't hide your toenails – treat them! improve the appearance of yellow, discolored and/or infected toenails with a variety of available remedies. click below for more information from the podiatry institute on different toenail infections, or shop for products to get healthier looking nails. shop products - visit our footsmart health resource center - learn more about diagnosis, treatment & prevention. narrow heels narrow heels do you wear shoes that are too wide in the heel? heels rubbing against ill-fitting shoes can cause irritation or blisters. footsmart can help with a wide selection of products designed to improve fit and cut down on irritation, from narrow-width shoes to heel liners. shop products - visit our footsmart health resource center - learn more about diagnosis, treatment & prevention. o overlapping toes overlapping toes overlapping toes, also called hammertoes or crooked toes, are primarily caused by a muscle imbalance due to an unnatural walk. click below to read more information from the podiatry institute about this condition, or shop for products to correct your case of overlapping toes. shop products - visit our footsmart health resource center - learn more about diagnosis, treatment & prevention. p patellofemoral stress syndrome patellofemoral stress syndrome patellofemoral stress syndrome, "runner's knee" and chondromalacia are all different names for the same type of pain: chronic pain behind or around your kneecap that makes walking up and down stairs difficult. click below to read more information about this condition, or shop for products to treat and prevent pain. shop products - visit our footsmart health resource center - learn more about diagnosis, treatment & prevention. plantar fasciitis plantar fasciitis plantar fasciitis is an inflammatory condition that causes intense heel pain. the main cause of plantar fasciitis: overstretching the plantar fascia, the band of connective tissue that stretches from the heel to the ball of the foot and also supports the foot's arch. click below to read more about this condition – including treatment and prevention tips from the podiatry institute – or shop for products to relieve your heel pain. shop products - visit our footsmart health resource center - learn more about diagnosis, treatment & prevention. pronation pronation pronation is the medical term that refers to the rolling-in or flattening out of the foot's arch, which can result in flat feet. click below to learn more about how to treat and prevent this condition, or shop for products to help keep you walking in comfort. shop products - visit our footsmart health resource center - learn more about diagnosis, treatment & prevention. r runner's knee runner's knee runner's knee, patellofemoral stress syndrome and chondromalacia are all different names for the same type of pain: chronic pain behind or around your kneecap that makes walking up or down stairs difficult. click below to read more information about this condition, or shop for products to treat and prevent pain. shop products - visit our footsmart health resource center - learn more about diagnosis, treatment & prevention. s sensitive feet sensitive feet click below to shop for comfort footwear, seamless socks and healthcare products just for sensitive feet and legs. shop products - visit our footsmart health resource center - learn more about diagnosis, treatment & prevention. shin splints shin splints shin splints can cause pain and swelling in the lower leg. treatment includes massage, stretching, rest, ice and strengthening exercises. click below to read more about how to relieve and prevent shin splint pain, or shop for products that provide immediate relief. shop products - visit our footsmart health resource center - learn more about diagnosis, treatment & prevention. spider veins spider veins spider veins appear as red or blue lines anywhere on the leg. one of the best ways to treat and prevent spider and varicose veins is to improve circulation through exercise or by wearing support hose. click below to read more information about spider veins - including treatment and prevention tips from the podiatry institute - or shop for products to improve leg circulation. shop products - visit our footsmart health resource center - learn more about diagnosis, treatment & prevention. supination supination supination occurs when the ankle rolls out, so that you appear to be standing on the sides of your foot. excessive supination can cause ankle sprains. click below to read more about this condition, or shop for products to correct your stance and prevent ankle injuries. shop products - visit our footsmart health resource center - learn more about diagnosis, treatment & prevention. swollen ankles swollen ankles are you suffering from swollen ankles? many different factors can contribute to your development of swollen ankles, legs and feet, including pregnancy, water retention and decreased circulation. click below to read more about this condition - including treatment and prevention tips from the podiatry institute - or shop for products to ease swelling fast. shop products - visit our footsmart health resource center - learn more about diagnosis, treatment & prevention. swollen feet and legs swollen feet and legs are you suffering from swollen feet and legs? poor circulation is one major cause, and the podiatry institute recommends leg elevation as the best form of treatment. click below to read more information from the podiatry institute about this condition, or shop for products to reduce swelling, increase circulation and prevent leg veins. shop products - visit our footsmart health resource center - learn more about diagnosis, treatment & prevention. t tarsal tunnel syndrome tarsal tunnel syndrome one of the main causes of tarsal tunnel syndrome is traumatic injury to the ankle area, and usually results in intense foot and ankle pain. click below to read more about this condition - including recommendations from the podiatry institute on the best treatment options - or shop for products to relieve your pain. shop products - visit our footsmart health resource center - learn more about diagnosis, treatment & prevention. thick & yellow toenails thick & yellow toenails unhealthy toenails often take on a yellow tinge when inflicted with an infection. click below to read more about how to treat and prevent yellow toenails, or shop for products that offer fast relief. shop products - visit our footsmart health resource center - learn more about diagnosis, treatment & prevention. tired, aching feet tired, aching feet do your feet constantly hurt, especially at the end of a long day? are you looking for some way to relieve aching feet? footsmart can help with a wide selection of products designed to soothe and ease swollen, tired feet. click below to read the podiatry institute's treatment and prevention tips - so you can avoid achy feet - or start shopping now. shop products - visit our footsmart health resource center - learn more about diagnosis, treatment & prevention. toe pain - pinched toes toe pain – pinched toes do your toes feel cramped, pinched and painful? click below to read information from the podiatry institute on how to treat pinched toes, usually the result of inadequate footwear, or shop now for products like toe caps, toe separators and other toe care products. shop products - visit our footsmart health resource center - learn more about diagnosis, treatment & prevention. v varicose veins varicose veins varicose veins, the twisting, enlarged veins found near the skin's surface, most often appear on the legs and ankles. click below to read the podiatry institute's tips for treatment and prevention, including improving leg circulation and wearing support hose, or shop for products that provide immediate relief. shop products - visit our footsmart health resource center - learn more about diagnosis, treatment & prevention. venous insufficiency venous insufficiency chronic venous insufficiency is the end stage result following deep vein thrombosis (dvt) and thrombophlebitis, more commonly called blood clots in the legs. click below to read more information from the podiatry institute on how to treat and prevent this condition, or shop for products to improve circulation. shop products - visit our footsmart health resource center - learn more about diagnosis, treatment & prevention. w weak ankles weak ankles chronic sprains often result in weak ankles. if you want to strengthen weak ankles, or learn how to take precautions to avoid long-term problems, please click below to read information from the podiatry institute about this condition. you can also shop for products to support and stabilize weak ankles. shop products - visit our footsmart health resource center - learn more about diagnosis, treatment & prevention. weak arches weak arches weak arches can lead to a more serious condition known as flat feet, so it's important to get help for weak or collapsing arches as soon as possible. click below to read more about flat feet or shop for products to treat and prevent weak arches. shop products - visit our footsmart health resource center - learn more about diagnosis, treatment & prevention. wide calves wide calves looking for socks to fit wide calves, or just want to learn why your legs and feet are so swollen? click below to read more or shop for products just for this condition. shop products - visit our footsmart health resource center - learn more about diagnosis, treatment & prevention. wide feet wide feet looking for shoes and socks to fit wide feet, or just want to learn why your legs and feet are so swollen? click below to read more or shop for products just for this condition. shop products - visit our footsmart health resource center - learn more about diagnosis, treatment & prevention. sign up for exclusive offers sign up to receive emails about new products and offers connect with us payment options visa american express master card discover paypal paypal credit security assurance better business bureau company information about us benchmarkbrands.com careers affiliate programs causes we support terms of use customer service contact us track my order track my smartlabel return shipping returns & exchanges shopping popular searches site map request a catalog online catalog email sign-up become social find us on facebook follow us on pinterest follow us on twitter footsmart blog © 1999-2015 footsmart.com 1 (800) 707-9928 customer service privacy policy & security