来源URL: https://web.archive.org/web/20181213150333/https://www.footsmart.com/info/privacy_policy
================================================================================

free shipping on all orders $75 and over - no code needed! 1 (800) 707-9928 search email sign in cart (0 item) 1 (800) 707-9928 signin shoppingcart search mainmenu women's men's health & wellness accessories shop by brand sale ↑ more ways to shop new arrivals shop by brands top rated privacy policy last updated: january 22, 2013 we are committed to protecting your privacy online. any questions regarding this privacy policy should be sent via email to privacy@footsmart.com acceptance of privacy policy terms & conditions by using our website, you consent to the collection and use of this information by us, and you acknowledge that you have read, understand, and agree to be bound by all the terms of this privacy policy. if you do not agree to the terms of this privacy policy, exit this page and do not access or use the website. we reserve the right, in our sole discretion, to modify this privacy policy at any time. if we decide to change our privacy policy, we will post those changes on this page so that you are always aware of our policies. your continued use of this website after any changes have been posted constitutes your agreement to the changes. collection of personal information what information we collect the only personal information that we collect is information voluntarily supplied by site visitors. this information is personally identifiable information such as name, address, email and phone number. the personal information you have provided us and information about your order may be shared with third parties, including, but not limited to, our related companies, trusted third party marketing and business partners, and as may be required by law. this information may be combined with other personally identifiable information (such as demographic information and past purchase information) available from our records and other sources. this information will be used to make our future communications more relevant. if you prefer we do not share the personal information you have provided us and information about your order with marketing partners, please email us at privacy@footsmart.com. in addition to personal information, we collect site usage information to help in our efforts to continually improve our site. this information is ip address, browser type, the server your computer is logged into, whether you responded to a particular ad, and/or what pages you are visiting on the website. we can only review this information in aggregate for all of our customers. our site is also monitored by google analytics and bazaarvoice. you should refer to their privacy policies to learn how they collect and use information: google privacy policy bazaarvoice privacy policy what we do with the information once we have collected the above information, it is used to process orders, to communicate with you about your order, and to provide future notification to you of special offers or promotions. we also use it to perform statistical analysis to improve our website. we may provide statistical information about buying patterns and traffic patterns to others, but this data does not include any personally identifiable information. use of cookies a cookie is a small data file that websites often store on your computer's hard drive when you visit their websites. a cookie may contain information, such as a unique user id, which is used to track the pages of the websites you've visited. this information is stored in a safe and secure database. we use cookies to improve your shopping experience. when you visit our site, your cookie helps us keep track of your order as you shop our website. if you have saved your information with us, your cookie allows us to recognize you when you return to our website and provides you with access to your account information. we also use cookies to monitor and maintain information about your use of our website. if you have not saved your information or ordered from us, we may monitor and maintain information about your use of our website in a manner that does not identify you. in either case, this information helps us serve you better by improving our website design, as well as our products, services and promotions. we may also use cookies to track and maintain the identity of the website you visited immediately prior to ours to further improve our website design and fulfill contracts with our business partners. we do not otherwise track any information about your use of other websites. most browsers automatically accept cookies, but you may refuse cookies by turning them off in your browser. if you turn off cookies, some parts of the website may not work properly. we will not be able to track your order or enable you to make a purchase from our website. we will also not be able to recognize you as a registered user and allow you to access your account information. receiving information from us email we periodically send email to our customers to help keep you informed of new products, features and/or special promotions. in every email that we distribute, we include instructions on how to remove [unsubscribe] your email address from the distribution list or you may simply email us with our customer service contact form and request to be removed from the mailing list. catalog in addition to shopping on our website, we distribute a full-product catalog. we send these catalogs throughout the year to our registered users and customers. if you no longer wish to receive our catalog, please email us with our customer service contact form. changing personal information if you need to make any changes to your personally stored information, it is possible to update your name, billing address, shipping address, phone number, email address and stored credit card number by clicking on "access your account" or during checkout, when you modify your account information. online policy for individuals 17 years old and under this site is not directed to children under the age of 13 and no information should be submitted through the website by individuals 17 years of age and under without their parent's or guardian's permission. information security and secure credit card transaction processing we take reasonable precautions to protect your personal information from unauthorized access and/or use, loss, disclosure, or alteration. your password to access your account on our website is encrypted, and we recommend that you do not share it with others. in addition, we store your personal information on a secure server, and access to this server is limited. our website uses secure sockets layer (ssl) encryption to transmit your credit card information from a secure webpage to a secure application on our server. once on our server, your credit card number is saved only long enough for us to process and approve the transaction unless you have chosen to establish an account. during the final stages of ordering online, you will see an unbroken key or locked padlock at the bottom of your browser window and https:// in the location window at the top of your browser. both of these indicate that the page you are on is secured using ssl encryption to communicate with our secure web server. because ssl encryption slows down a website, it is only used in the final stage of ordering, before and after you enter your credit card information. you will not see these security indicators until you begin the checkout process and indicate that you prefer to order online with a credit card. nonetheless, no data transmission over the internet or any wireless network can be guaranteed to be 100% secure, as there are limitations of the internet that are beyond our control. thus, while we use commercially reasonable security measures to protect data, we cannot absolutely guarantee the security, integrity, and privacy of any and all information exchanged between you and us through the website. we make no warranty, express, implied, or otherwise, that we will prevent unauthorized access to your private information. third party websites this privacy policy only applies to our website. our website may include links to third party websites; these other sites are outside of our control. please be aware that these websites may collect information about you, and they may have their own privacy practices which differ from ours. please review such other websites’ own privacy policies, as once you are leave our website, any information you submit is no longer in our control. public areas the website may have public areas where you can communicate with other users, submit content, or write reviews. please note that this information may be accessible to others, and it may appear on other websites or in web searches where it can be seen and used by others. we cannot control who accesses and uses information (including personal information) you post in a public forum, so please use discretion when disclosing any personal information in these areas. your use of such public areas may be subject to additional terms and conditions, including any applicable terms and conditions included in the website terms of use. notice of privacy rights to california residents companies that collect personal information from california residents and disclose such information to third parties (including affiliated entities) for marketing purposes must, in response to a request by a consumer, either (1) provide a list detailing the categories of information shared and the entities to which such information was provided, or (2) provide a mechanism by which a consumer may opt-out of having his or her information shared with third parties. we have elected the second option, and you may request that your personal information not be shared with third parties by sending your request, including your full name, email address, and postal address, to: privacy@footsmart.com. california residents are also entitled to know that they may file grievances and complaints with the california department of consumer affairs, 400 r street, suite 1080, sacramento, ca 95814; or by phone at 916-445-1254 or 800-952-5210; or by email to dca@dca.ca.gov. contact us with questions to change an order: contact us using our email form send comments: info@footsmart.com footsmart privacy policy: privacy@footsmart.com call us: 1 (800) 707-9928 sign up for exclusive offers sign up company information terms of use about us customer service contact us shipping returns & exchanges 800-707-9928 mon-fri: 8 am - midnight et sat-sun: 9 am - 9 pm et connect with us email sign up my account © 1999-2018  footsmart.com   privacy policy & security shoe categorya new arrivals sandals casual shoes boots dress shoes athletic clogs walking slippers shoe feature removable insole slip resistant shop by style slip-ons lace up adjustable strap mary janes shop by width narrow medium wide wide wide extra extra wide health & wellness orthotics accessories sale sale final clearance shop by brand abeo easy spirit drew shoes propet view all brands > shoe categoryb new arrivals athletic casual shoes dress shoes sandals boots clogs walking shoes slippers shoe feature removable insole slip resistant shop by style slip-ons lace up adjustable strap loafers shop by width narrow medium wide wide wide extra extra wide health & wellness orthotics accessories sale sale final clearance shop by brand abeo drew shoes propet merrell shop all brands > orthoticsd women's men's casual sport dress foot health all foot health diabetic friendly socks women's men's athletic casual diabetic friendly circulation shop by sock height ankle crew knee health resource center orthoticsd women's men's casual sport dress foot health all foot health diabetic friendly shoe care socks women's men's athletic casual diabetic friendly compression hosiery accessories women's men's t-shirts health resource center featured shoe brandsh abeo alegria bearpaw bionica birkenstock born brooks bzees clarks comfortiva dansko dunham drew easy spirit easy street earth earth origins ecco footsmart footworks jj footwear haflinger hush puppies keen kenneth cole lifestride mephisto merrell naot naturalizer new balance olukai propet rieker rockport rockport cobb hill ros hommerson ryka saucony sierra west simcan sofft softwalk sorel taos tara m. trotters umberto raffini walking cradles zealand shop all shoe brands > salej women's sale men's sale shop all sale items > clearance women's clearance men's clearance slippers shop all clearance items > sign up today to get exclusive insight into new products, special offers & sales submit thank you for signing up to receive our emails! you will be the first to know about all of our new arrivals, sales and special offers.