来源URL: https://web.archive.org/web/20191214090735/https://www.footsmart.com/pages/terms-of-use
================================================================================

terms of use - footsmart extra 25% off select styles - shop now! women's men's accessories shop by brandhealth & wellness sale need help? (800) 707-9928 customerservice@footsmart.com back category new arrivals athletic shoes boots dress shoes clogs casual shoes sandals slip ons slippers walking shoes waterproof shoes / boots shop all style slip ons lace up adjustable strap mary janes accessories women's orthotics women's socks women's accessories sale athletic boots casual shoes clogs dress shoes sandals all sale back category new arrivals athletic shoes casual shoes dress shoes sandals boots clogs walking shoes shop all style slip-ons lace up adjustable strap loafers accessories men's orthotics men's socks men's accessories sale athletic clogs dress shoes boots sandals casual shoes all sale back women's orthotics casual sport dress shop all men's orthotics casual sport dress shop all women's socks athletic casual shop all men's socks athletic dress shop all accessories women's men's shoe care hosiery t-shirts back foot health health resource center common ailments plantar fasciitis diabetic neuropathy heel spurs bunions back women's sale athletic shoes boots casual shoes clogs sandals all sale men's sale athletic shoes boots casual shoes clogs dress shoes sandals all sale clearance women's clearance men's clearance back category new arrivals athletic shoes boots dress shoes clogs casual shoes sandals slip ons slippers walking shoes waterproof shoes / boots shop all back style slip ons lace up adjustable strap mary janes back accessories women's orthotics women's socks women's accessories back sale athletic boots casual shoes clogs dress shoes sandals all sale back category new arrivals athletic shoes casual shoes dress shoes sandals boots clogs walking shoes shop all back style slip-ons lace up adjustable strap loafers back accessories men's orthotics men's socks men's accessories back sale athletic clogs dress shoes boots sandals casual shoes all sale back women's orthotics casual sport dress shop all back men's orthotics casual sport dress shop all back women's socks athletic casual shop all back men's socks athletic dress shop all back accessories women's men's shoe care hosiery t-shirts back foot health health resource center back common ailments plantar fasciitis diabetic neuropathy heel spurs bunions back women's sale athletic shoes boots casual shoes clogs sandals all sale back men's sale athletic shoes boots casual shoes clogs dress shoes sandals all sale back clearance women's clearance men's clearance search close login / signup my account login to my account enter your e-mail and password: email password login new customer? create your account lost password? recover password recover password enter your email: email recover remembered your password? back to login create my account please fill in the information below: first name last name email password create my account already have an account? login here 0 spend $75 more and get free shipping! your cart is empty shop our products women's category new arrivals athletic shoes boots dress shoes clogs casual shoes sandals slip ons slippers walking shoes waterproof shoes / boots shop all style slip ons lace up adjustable strap mary janes accessories women's orthotics women's socks women's accessories sale athletic boots casual shoes clogs dress shoes sandals all sale men's category new arrivals athletic shoes casual shoes dress shoes sandals boots clogs walking shoes shop all style slip-ons lace up adjustable strap loafers accessories men's orthotics men's socks men's accessories sale athletic clogs dress shoes boots sandals casual shoes all sale accessories women's orthotics casual sport dress shop all men's orthotics casual sport dress shop all women's socks athletic casual shop all men's socks athletic dress shop all accessories women's men's shoe care hosiery t-shirts shop by brandhealth & wellness foot health health resource center common ailments plantar fasciitis diabetic neuropathy heel spurs bunions sale women's sale athletic shoes boots casual shoes clogs sandals all sale men's sale athletic shoes boots casual shoes clogs dress shoes sandals all sale clearance women's clearance men's clearance terms of use terms of use last updated: december 15, 2019 these terms of use apply to and govern your use of our websites, microsites, mobile versions of these websites, and mobile applications (collectively, the “website”) that expressly adopt and display or link to these terms of use, as may be revised from time to time, and that are owned, operated or controlled by footsmart and its affiliates, if any, (collectively, the “company”).  by accessing and using the website, you (the “user”) acknowledge and agree to accept and be bound by these terms of use. content:  all website content, including, without limitation, all text, graphics, audio, video, music, icons, images, hyperlinks, displays, products, html code and scripts (collectively, the “website content”), and the collection, arrangement and assembly of the website content, is the property of the company and its sponsors, distributors, or licensors, and is protected by copyright law and other u.s. and international laws and treaties.  the user is granted no right, title or interest in or to the website content other than the limited license expressly set forth in these terms and conditions.  the user may not modify, publish, transmit, participate in the transfer or sale of, reproduce, create derivative works from, distribute, perform, display, incorporate into a website or in any way exploit the website content, or any portion thereof, without the express written permission of the company. use of website content:  the website, including all website content, is provided as a resource for users to learn more about the company and its products and services.  subject to these terms and conditions, the user is hereby granted a non-exclusive, non-transferable, limited, revocable license to access and use the website and the website content for the user’s own non-commercial purposes.  all rights not expressly granted are reserved by the company and its licensors.  this limited license may be revoked at any time for any reason or no reason. trademarks:  all rights regarding any trademarks, trade names, service marks, logos and/or trade dress (collectively, “marks”) contained in, or used in connection with, the website are expressly reserved by the company and its licensors.  the marks, and all associated logos or images, are registered and/or common law trademarks, and are protected by u.s. and international laws and treaties. no license with respect to the use of the marks is granted to the user under these terms of use or by virtue of user’s use of the website.  the marks may not be copied, imitated or used, in whole or in part, without the prior written consent of the company or the applicable rights holder. links:  the website may include links to third party websites not operated by the company. these links are provided for the user’s convenience and in no way signify any endorsement of any such websites or the content thereof.  access to any such linked site is at the user’s own risk, and the company will not have any liability arising out of or related to such sites and/or their content, or for any damages or loss caused or alleged to be caused by or in connection with any use of or reliance on any such content, or any goods or services, available on or through any such site. user information:  some functionality of the website may require the transmission of information provided by the user (“user information”).  user information may include, but is not limited to, a user’s name, address, email address, telephone number, method of payment, credit card number, and billing information.  the user agrees to keep the user information provided to the website current at all times and to promptly update such information in the website to the extent of any change.  by using such functionality, the user consents to the transmission of user information to the company and/or its agents and authorizes the company and/or its agents to record, process, and store such user information as necessary for the website functionality and for the purposes described in the privacy policy located at footsmart.com/pages/privacy-policy, which is incorporated herein by reference. online commerce:  the website may allow users to make purchases from the company.  where a user makes such a purchase via the website, all information obtained by the company from the user in the course of such purchase, including user information, may be collected by both the company, as well as the payment processing companies and service providers utilized for such purchases.  payment processing companies and service providers may have privacy and data collection practices that are different from those utilized by the company.  the company has no responsibility, control or liability for the independent policies of the payment processing companies.  in addition to being subject to these terms and conditions, certain user purchases may subject that user to additional terms and conditions of the payment processing company.  the user hereby releases the company and its payment processing company from any damages incurred by the user.  moreover, the user agrees not to assert against the company or its payment processing company any claims arising from the user’s purchase via the website. user content:  the website may allow the user to upload photographs, reviews, videos or other content (“user content”).  the user shall be solely responsible for the user content and the consequences of submitting and publishing the user content via the website and related company platforms.  the user shall retain ownership of all user content and hereby grants to the company a non-exclusive, royalty-free, transferable, worldwide right and license to use, reproduce, modify, adapt, publish, translate, transmit, distribute and display the user content via the website and related company platforms and for the company’s business purposes.  the user also grants to the other users of the website and related company platforms a non-exclusive license to access the user content via the website and related company platforms, and to use, reproduce, distribute and display such user content as permitted through the functionality thereof and subject to these terms and conditions.  the user grants the company the right to identify the user as the author of any such user content by name, email address, screen name, likeness, or other identifying information, and the user acknowledges that the company has the right, but is not obligated, to use any such user content and that the company may cease utilizing such user content at any time for any reason.  the user agrees not to submit, upload, or otherwise make available via the website any content or materials (i) that are unlawful, threatening, abusive, harassing, defamatory, libelous, obscene, vulgar, profane, injurious to third parties, or which invade another person’s privacy, further the commission or concealment of a crime, or are otherwise objectionable; (ii) infringe the copyright or other intellectual property rights of a third party; or (iii) with respect to which the user does not have the rights necessary to transmit and publish such content or materials, or to grant the company the license to use such content or materials as described herein.  the user acknowledges that the company has no obligation to monitor or screen user content submitted to the website, but that the company shall have the right (but not the obligation) to reject, remove or delete any user content that violates these terms of use or that is otherwise objectionable. third party content: the user understands and agrees that the company does not control and is not responsible for any content made available on the website by other users.  the user’s use of, or reliance on, any information contained in such third party content is at the user’s sole risk.  under no circumstances will the company be liable for any such third party content or for any loss or damage resulting from the user’s use of, or reliance on, such third party content. acceptable use:  the user’s permitted use of the website and website content is limited to the standard functionality of the website.  in no event may the website be used in a manner that (i) is unlawful, fraudulent or deceptive, (ii) harasses, abuses, stalks, threatens, defames, or otherwise infringes or violates the rights of any third party (including, without limitation, the rights of publicity or other proprietary rights), (iii) uses technology or other means not authorized by the company to access website content, (iv) attempts to introduce viruses or any other computer code, files or programs that interrupt, destroy or limit the functionality of any computer software, hardware or telecommunications equipment, (v) attempts to gain unauthorized access to the company’s systems or user accounts, (vi) encourages conduct that would constitute a criminal offense or that gives rise to civil liability, (vii) attempts to damage, disable or overburden the company’s servers or networks, or (viii) fails to comply with applicable third party terms.  the user must comply with all applicable third party terms of use (e.g., wireless carrier terms of service) at all times while using the website. the company reserves the right to monitor use of the website in order to determine compliance with these terms and conditions.  the company reserves the right to, in its sole discretion, terminate the license granted to the user hereunder and/or bring legal action against the user if the user engages in, or the company reasonably believes the user has engaged in or is engaging in, use that violates these terms and conditions.  the company’s failure or delay in taking such actions does not constitute a waiver of its rights to enforce these terms and conditions. product information:  the company attempts to be as accurate as possible regarding product descriptions, pricing and availability on the website.  however, unless specifically stated otherwise in writing on the website, the company does not warrant that product descriptions or website content are accurate, complete, reliable, current, or error-free.  from time to time, the website may contain typographical errors, inaccuracies, or omissions relating to product descriptions, pricing, and availability.  the company reserves the right to revise the price, description, and/or availability of products without notice.  in addition, the company reserves the right, without prior notice, to limit the order quantity on any product and/or refuse service to any customer.  while the company makes every effort to display its products on the website as accurately as possible, the actual image seen by the user depends on many factors, including the user’s computer, monitor, resolution settings and/or any technological or compatibility issues and the company cannot guarantee that its content will be accurately displayed.  the inclusion of any products on the website does not imply or warrant that these products will be available at any particular time.  in the event that a product is mispriced and the correct price is higher than that displayed on the website, the company may either (i) contact the user prior to shipping the product to inform him or her of the correct price or (ii) cancel the order and notify the user of such cancellation.  users may return products in accordance with the company’s return policy located at footsmart.com/pages/returns-exchanges, which is incorporated herein by reference. eligibility; jurisdiction: the user represents and warrants that (i) the user is at least 18 years of age and is fully competent and able to enter into these terms of use and to abide by the terms hereof; (ii) the user is not located in a country that is subject to a u.s. government embargo or that has been designated by the u.s. government as a “terrorist support” country, and (iii) the user is not included on any u.s. government list of prohibited or restricted parties.  the website is not intended for children under the age of 13. the company provides the website for use in the united states of america.  the company does not represent the website is available or appropriate for use in other jurisdictions.  any access to or use of the website from other jurisdictions is at the user’s sole risk and the user is responsible for complying with all applicable local laws. disclaimers:  the company and its licensors do not warrant or guarantee the accuracy, reliability or completeness of the website content or represent that the website or the website content is error-free or capable of operating on an uninterrupted basis.  the website is provided “as is" and "as available" and without warranty of any kind.  to the fullest extent allowable under applicable law, all warranties, whether express or implied, are hereby disclaimed, including, but not limited to, any implied warranty of merchantability, fitness for a particular purpose, title and non-infringement. limitation of liability:  use of the website is at the user’s own risk. to the fullest extent allowable under applicable law, the company and its licensors shall not be liable for any direct, indirect, incidental, special, consequential or punitive damages arising out of or related to: (i) use or misuse of the website or the website content; (ii) inability to access or use the website or the website content; (iii) any loss or corruption of data or information submitted via the website; (iv) any communications or services provided by, or requested from, the company via the website; or (v) any personal injury (including death) or property damage resulting from access to or use of the website. the foregoing limitations of liability shall apply whether the claim is based on warranty, contract, tort, or any other legal theory, and whether or not the company is advised of the possibility of such damages. indemnity:  upon request by the company, the user agrees to indemnify, defend and hold harmless the company and its employees, contractors, officers, directors, and licensors from and against all claims, suits, demands, damages, liabilities, loss, cost, and expense (including reasonable attorneys’ fees) that arise from: (i) the user’s use or misuse of the website;  (ii) the user’s violation of these terms of use; (iii) the user’s violation of any third party right, including without limitation any copyright, property or privacy right; or (iv) any claim that the user content resulted in damage to a third party. the company reserves the right, to assume the exclusive defense and control of any matter otherwise subject to indemnification by the user, in which event the user will cooperate with the company in asserting any available defenses. severability:  if any part of these terms of use is unlawful, void or unenforceable, that part will be deemed deleted and will not affect the validity and enforceability of any remaining provisions. the waiver of a breach of any provision of this terms of use by a party will not operate or be construed as such party’s waiver of any other or subsequent breach. these terms of use constitute the entire agreement between you and the company and its affiliates relating to this subject matter. notwithstanding the foregoing, any additional terms and conditions on the website will govern the items to which they pertain. changes to website:  at any time and without notice to the user, the company may change or modify the website, or any features or functions thereof, or may suspend or discontinue the website, or stop supporting the website, or any aspect thereof. any such termination, change, suspension or discontinuance shall be without liability to the user. changes to terms; updates:  the company reserves the right to change these terms of use at any time, and in its sole discretion, by changing these terms of use within the website.  the user’s continued use of the website after any such changes to these terms of use are made available through the website will constitute the user’s acceptance of those changes.  these terms of use shall govern any updates to, or supplements or replacements for, the website unless separate terms are provided in conjunction with such updates, supplements or replacements - in which case such separate terms will apply. governing law:  these terms of use are governed by the laws of the state of california and applicable federal laws of the united states of america, without giving effect to conflict of laws principles.  the user irrevocably consents to the exclusive jurisdiction of the federal and state courts situated in los angeles county, california, usa for purposes of any legal action arising out of or related to these terms of use or use of the website. agreement to arbitrate: any civil action, claim, dispute or proceeding arising out of or relating to access to or use of the website will be resolved exclusively through final and binding arbitration, before a single arbitrator, rather than in court. the arbitrator, and not any federal, state or local court or agency, will have exclusive authority to resolve any dispute arising out of access to or use of the website, and to arbitrate any part of these terms, including any claim that all or any part of this section or these terms is void or voidable. the arbitration will be conducted by the american arbitration association (the “aaa”) exclusively in los angeles county, california, under the aaa’s rules and procedures, as modified by this section. the aaa’s rules are available at www.adr.org. a form for initiating arbitration proceedings is available on the aaa’s site at http://www.adr.org. you and we will select the arbitrator, and if you and we are unable to reach agreement on selection of the arbitrator within 30 days after the notice of arbitration is served, then the aaa will select the arbitrator. arbitration will not commence until the party requesting arbitration has deposited u.s. $1,000 with the arbitrator for the arbitrator’s fees and costs. the party requesting arbitration will advance such sums as are required from time to time by the arbitrator to pay the arbitrator’s fees and costs until the prevailing party is determined or the parties have agreed in writing to an alternate allocation of fees and costs. the arbitrator will decide the substance of all claims exclusively in accordance with the laws of the state of california, including recognized principles of equity, and will honor all claims of privilege recognized by law. the arbitrator will not be bound by rulings in prior arbitrations involving our other users, but is bound by rulings in prior arbitrations involving the same user to the extent required by applicable law. judgment upon any award rendered by the arbitrator is final, binding and conclusive upon you and us and your and our respective administrators, executors, legal representatives, successors and assigns, and may only be entered in the state or federal courts of record for los angeles county, california. prohibition of class and representative actions and non-individualized relief: each of us may bring claims against the other only on an individual basis and not as part of any purported class or representative action or proceeding. unless both you and we agree otherwise in writing, the arbitrator may not consolidate or join more than one person’s or party’s claims, and may not otherwise preside over any form of a consolidated, representative or class proceeding. the arbitrator may award relief (including monetary, injunctive and declaratory relief) only in favor of the individual party seeking relief and only to the extent necessary to provide relief necessitated by that party’s individual claim(s). any relief awarded cannot affect other users. legal notice for new jersey residents:  under the new jersey truth-in-consumer contract, warranty and notice act ("tccwna"), n.j.s.a. 56:12-14 et seq., consumers may not be offered any written contract which includes any provision that violates any clearly established legal right of a consumer, or responsibility of a seller, as established by state or federal law.  in addition, under the tccwna, no consumer contract may state that any of its provisions are or may be void, unenforceable or inapplicable in some jurisdictions without specifying which provisions are or are not void, unenforceable or inapplicable in new jersey.  therefore, the following provisions of these terms of use shall not be applicable to new jersey residents: (1) the provisions concerning limiting the company’s liability for any loss or damage is not applicable to new jersey residents to the extent the company was negligent or has breached its obligation; (2) the provisions concerning the exclusion or limitation of certain damages is not applicable to new jersey residents with respect to punitive damages, loss of data, and loss of or damage to property; and (3) the provisions concerning the indemnification by you is not applicable to new jersey residents unless you were negligent or have breached these terms of use. digital millennium copyright act: if you are a copyright owner or an agent thereof and believe that any content infringes upon your copyrights, you may submit a notification pursuant to the digital millennium copyright act ("dmca") by providing the company’s dmca agent with the following information in writing (see 17 u.s.c 512(c)(3) for further detail): a physical or electronic signature of a person authorized to act on behalf of the owner of an exclusive right that is allegedly infringed; identification of the copyrighted work claimed to have been infringed, or, if multiple copyrighted works at a single online site are covered by a single notification, a representative list of such works at that site; identification of the material that is claimed to be infringing or to be the subject of infringing activity and that is to be removed or access to which is to be disabled and information reasonably sufficient to permit the service provider to locate the material; information reasonably sufficient to permit the service provider to contact you, such as an address, telephone number, and, if available, an electronic mail; a statement that you have a good faith belief that use of the material in the manner complained of is not authorized by the copyright owner, its agent, or the law; and a statement that the information in the notification is accurate, and under penalty of perjury, that you are authorized to act on behalf of the owner of an exclusive right that is allegedly infringed. you may direct copyright infringement notifications to the company’s dmca agent at copyright@footsmart.com. you acknowledge that if you fail to comply with all of the requirements detailed above, your dmca notice may not be valid. if you believe that your content that was removed from the website (or to which access was disabled) is not infringing, or that you have authorization from the copyright owner, the copyright owner's agent, or pursuant to the law, to post and use the material in your content, you may send a counter-notice containing the following information to the dmca agent: your physical or electronic signature; identification of the content that has been removed or to which access has been disabled and the location at which the content appeared before it was removed or disabled; a statement that you have a good faith belief that the content was removed or disabled as a result of mistake or a misidentification of the content; and your name, address, telephone number, and e-mail address, a statement that you consent to the jurisdiction of the federal court in santa barbara county, california and a statement that you will accept service of process from the person who provided notification of the alleged infringement. if a counter-notice is received by the dmca agent, the company may send a copy of the counter-notice to the original complaining party informing that person that it may replace the removed content or cease disabling it in 10 business days. unless the copyright owner files an action seeking a court order against the content provider or user, the removed content may be replaced, or access to it restored, after receipt of the counter-notice, at the company’s sole discretion. employment opportunities: company and its affiliates are an equal opportunity employer, dedicated to a policy of non-discrimination in employment on any basis including race, color, age, sex, religion, disability or national origin. consistent with the american disabilities act, applicants may request accommodations needed to participate in the application process. contact:  any questions, complaints, or claims regarding the website or these terms of use, please contact: footsmart customer service519 lincoln county parkwaylincolnton, nc 28092customerservice@footsmart.com(800) 707-9928 shop women's men's accessories shop by brand health & wellness sale customer service (800) 707-9928 mon-fri: 10 am - 6:30 pm (est) sat-sun: 11 am - 4:00 pm (est) (sales only) contact usmy account company information about us shipping & delivery returns & exchanges terms of use privacy policy do not sell my info california supply chains act accessibility statement subscribe & save sign-up with your email and we'll send you exclusive deals! your email subscribe © footsmart