来源URL: https://web.archive.org/web/20250419153202/https://www.footsmart.com/pages/faq
================================================================================

frequently asked questions - footsmart free shipping on all $75+ continental us orders* women's men's accessories shop by brand health & wellness sale clearance need help? 1-855-942-0437 customerservice@footsmart.com back category new arrivals athletic shoes boots dress shoes clogs casual shoes slippers sandals slip ons walking shoes waterproof shoes / boots shop all style slip ons lace up adjustable strap mary janes accessories women's orthotics women's socks sale & clearance sandals casual shoes athletic shoes dress shoes slip ons clogs boots slippers shop all back category sandals athletic shoes casual shoes dress shoes boots slippers style slip-ons lace up adjustable strap loafers accessories men's orthotics men's accessories sale & clearance sandals athletic shoes casual shoes boots slippers accessories all sale & clearance back women's orthotics casual sport dress shop all men's orthotics casual sports dress shop all accessories handbags women's socks men's socks shoe care shop all back foot health health resource center common ailments plantar fasciitis diabetic neuropathy heel spurs bunions shop foot care shop all back women's sale sandals athletic shoes casual shoes clogs dress shoes boots slippers accessories all sale men's sale athletic shoes casual shoes accessories all sale back women's clearance sneakers sandals casual shoes dress shoes boots slippers all clearance men's clearance sneakers casual shoes sandals slippers accessories all clearance back category new arrivals athletic shoes boots dress shoes clogs casual shoes slippers sandals slip ons walking shoes waterproof shoes / boots shop all back style slip ons lace up adjustable strap mary janes back accessories women's orthotics women's socks back sale & clearance sandals casual shoes athletic shoes dress shoes slip ons clogs boots slippers shop all back category sandals athletic shoes casual shoes dress shoes boots slippers back style slip-ons lace up adjustable strap loafers back accessories men's orthotics men's accessories back sale & clearance sandals athletic shoes casual shoes boots slippers accessories all sale & clearance back women's orthotics casual sport dress shop all back men's orthotics casual sports dress shop all back accessories handbags women's socks men's socks shoe care shop all back foot health health resource center back common ailments plantar fasciitis diabetic neuropathy heel spurs bunions back shop foot care shop all back women's sale sandals athletic shoes casual shoes clogs dress shoes boots slippers accessories all sale back men's sale athletic shoes casual shoes accessories all sale back women's clearance sneakers sandals casual shoes dress shoes boots slippers all clearance back men's clearance sneakers casual shoes sandals slippers accessories all clearance search close login / signup my account login to my account enter your e-mail and password: email password by signing into your account, you agree to our privacy policy and terms and conditions login new customer? create your account lost password? recover password recover password enter your email: email recover remembered your password? back to login create my account please fill in the information below: first name last name email password create my account already have an account? login here 0 my bag spend more and get free shipping! your cart is empty shop our products women's category new arrivals athletic shoes boots dress shoes clogs casual shoes slippers sandals slip ons walking shoes waterproof shoes / boots shop all style slip ons lace up adjustable strap mary janes accessories women's orthotics women's socks sale & clearance sandals casual shoes athletic shoes dress shoes slip ons clogs boots slippers shop all men's category sandals athletic shoes casual shoes dress shoes boots slippers style slip-ons lace up adjustable strap loafers accessories men's orthotics men's accessories sale & clearance sandals athletic shoes casual shoes boots slippers accessories all sale & clearance accessories women's orthotics casual sport dress shop all men's orthotics casual sports dress shop all accessories handbags women's socks men's socks shoe care shop all shop by brandhealth & wellness foot health health resource center common ailments plantar fasciitis diabetic neuropathy heel spurs bunions shop foot care shop all sale women's sale sandals athletic shoes casual shoes clogs dress shoes boots slippers accessories all sale men's sale athletic shoes casual shoes accessories all sale clearance women's clearance sneakers sandals casual shoes dress shoes boots slippers all clearance men's clearance sneakers casual shoes sandals slippers accessories all clearance foot ailments toes blisters bunions corns and calluses hammertoes ingrown toenails nail remedies overlapping toes thick yellow toenails toe pain pinched toes ball ball of foot pain metatarsalgia calluses morton's neuroma arch arch pain plantar fasciitis weak arches heel achilles tendonitis blisters calluses dry cracked heels heel pain heel spurs plantar fasciitis entire foot arthritis athletes foot blisters bromhidrosis bursitis charcot foot cold feet corns diabetic neuropathy dry skin foot odor foot perspiration hot feet hyperhidrosis itchy feet pronation supination swollen feet legs edema tarsal tunnel syndrome tired aching feet wide feet leg ailments entire leg arthritis circulation dvt economy class syndrome swollen feet legs edema heaviness in legs leg length discrepancy leg pain leg veins shin splints spider veins swollen feet & legs varicose veins venous insufficiency wide calves ankle achilles tendonitis ankle sprains arthritis swollen ankles tarsal tunnel syndrome weak ankles knee arthritis chondromalacia knee pain patellofemoral stress syndrome runners knee back ailments entire back back pain returns starting a return: before starting your return, please review our full return policy below. by using our online system, you acknowledge that you have read and agreed to the terms outlined on this page. to return a product to us, it is required that you first obtain a return merchandise authorization (rma) number. this helps ensure that we can process your return in a timely manner. to start the return merchandise authorization (rma) process, please click here return policy: you can return unworn merchandise for up to 30 days from the date your package was delivered. all items must be returned in original shoe box/packaging and placed inside a shipping box. any damage to the merchandise or the original shoe box (tape, shipping labels, or markings) will void any return and result in the items being returned to you.  all returns will be inspected to ensure the items are in unworn condition and with the original packaging intact. items that do not pass inspection will be returned to you at your cost or forfeited if you choose not to have the items shipped back to you. merchandise must be accompanied by original sales receipt and/or order confirmation email. for all final clearance merchandise, all sales are final and non-returnable. there will be a $10.00 shipping charge deducted from your return once received. there is no charge for items that are being exchanged through mail. all purchases will be credited to the original form of payment used. when returning a gift for refund, at this time, footsmart is only able to provide the refund directly to the purchaser of the gift. if you believe there is a defect with the merchandise, please contact our customer service department about returning or replacing your merchandise at 1-855-942-0437 if you received an item in error, please contact our customer service department at 1-855-942-0437 for further instructions on how to return this item. if you purchase included a special promotion or conjoined discounts that included multiple items returning partial items will forfeit any discounts applied to the transaction. for all "buy one, get one" or "buy a get b" promotions, if only one or part of the "buy one, get one" promotion is returned, the return will be rejected, no refund will be issued and the items will be sent back to you at your expense or forfeited if you choose not to have the items shipped back to you. please make sure you return all items related to the "buy one, get one" promotion. how long does it take for me to get a refund? please allow sufficient time for your order to arrive at our facility. this time may vary depending on the shipping method. once we receive the items your refund will be processed within 10-15 business days and may take additional time to appear on your credit/debit card. you will receive an email confirmation when your return is processed at our facility. i am returning an item purchased with a gift card, how does that work? all refunds can only be returned to the original form of payment. if you used a gift card, a new gift card will be issued for the amount used from the original purchase, once the return is processed. gift cards cannot be returned for cash or to credit cards. payment informationwhat forms of payments do you accept? visa, mastercard, american express, discover, paypal, shopify pay, apple pay, google pay, and prepaid gift cards. can i pay with multiple credit cards? unfortunately, we do not accept multiple credit or debit cards as payment for purchases. how do i use a physical gift card online? to use a physical gift card or gift card starting with a “277” number online, please call customer service 1-855-942-0437. can more than one gift card be used towards a purchase? no. a customer cannot redeem multiple gift cards during checkout. can gift cards be reloaded? unfortunately, you cannot reload a gift card. how can i obtain the balance of my gift card? contact our customer service department at 1-855-942-0437. general questionsdo you do a price adjustment if an item goes on sale after my purchase? yes. if a regular priced or sale item goes on sale within 30 days. excludes final clearance merchandise. do you price match with other retailers before a purchase is made? yes, we will price match regular priced items with other authorized retailers at the time of the sale as long as the desired merchandise is in stock at both retailers. what can cause my order to be delayed? our goal is to ship out your product to you within 24 hours of purchase and we do our absolute best to make that happen. however, there are many factors that can impact order processing times including order volume, weather, out of stock items, and address verification issues among several other factors that can cause orders to delay. please also note that 'fulfilled by partner' items will take additional processing time; it generally takes 2-3 days to process through our partner facilities. please contact customer service 1-855-942-0437. if you feel that your order has been delayed or if you receive an email regarding a delay. how do i unsubscribe from your mailing list? you may unsubscribe from your my account page, using the link found at the bottom of any email, or by using our online unsubscribe from here. you may also email customer service, chat with us, or you can call us at 1-855-942-0437 for assistance. how do i change or cancel my order? our fulfillment times are typically with in 24 hours. should you notice an error or need to change your order please contact our customer service department for assistance with order modifications or cancellations: 1-855-942-0437. once the orders is shipped we cannot modify or cancel the order. that order will be subject to our refund and return policies. do you offer a warranty? no, if you think you may have a defective item please call or email customer service so that we can discuss any options that may be available to you. do you offer gift wrapping? at this time we do not offer gift wrapping. sorry! we hope to bring this back soon. shippingwhat do you charge for standard shipping? we offer a variety of shipping options to suit your needs depending on the type of items and destination. please enter your shipping address in checkout to see the available prices for your location and items or click here to see all of our shipping rates and methods. can i expedite the shipping on my order? yes. we offer several expedited shipping options online . click here to see all of our shipping rates and methods. do you ship to hawaii & alaska? yes! all orders that ship to hawaii and alaska ship with fedex 2nd business day delivery and prices vary based on order total. click here to see all of our shipping rates and methods. do you ship to po boxes or military apo/fpo addresses? yes. orders to po boxes and military bases will ship either via usps or fedex smartpost with final delivery via usps. an item that is fulfilled by partner and orders that ship to hawaii and alaska cannot ship to a po box and they will require a physical address. delivery times vary depending on location. oops! i accidentally placed my order with the incorrect shipping address. what should i do? please contact our customer service department as soon as you are aware of the mistake for assistance with correcting the address. please keep in mind that we process orders very quickly and we are not able to make any corrections once the item is shipped from our facility. if the items are still in transit we will work with you to reroute the package if possible. how can i track my order? once the order ships, you will receive a shipping confirmation email with a tracking number that you will be able to track on fedex.com. if you have not received a shipping confirmation email within 3-4 business days of placing your order, please call customer service or text us: 1-855-942-0437. if you opt in to receive text alerts, you will be notified via sms when your order arrives. subject to carrier availability. shop women's men's accessories shop by brand health & wellness sale clearance customer service call: 1-855-942-0437m-f: 9:00 am - 8:30 pm (est)sat: 10:00 am - 6:30 pm (est)help center & contactmy account company information about us frequently asked questions shipping & delivery returns & exchanges terms of use privacy policy do not sell my info california supply chains act accessibility statement subscribe & save sign-up with your email and we'll send you exclusive deals! your email by signing up, i agree to the terms of service. subscribe © footsmart