来源URL: https://web.archive.org/web/20231218143341/https://aimsurplus.com/pages/terms-conditions
================================================================================

aimsurplus, llc are you 18 or older? yes no be the first to know join our email mailing lists and be the first to know about new arrivals, exclusives and great deals on the latest firearms, ammunition and parts. subscribers unlock 10% off your next order! sign up [x] no thanks, i want to pay full price for my order. continue shopping toggle menu shop categories ${ category.name } ${ category.parent.name } products ${ product.name } add item to cart to see price. sale: $${ product.prices.sale } $${ product.price } $${ product.price } ${ product.available ? 'in stock' : 'out of stock' } 0 sign in register contact us 888-748-5252 customize your shopping experience select your state your state: change state ${ activecategory.name } view all categories ${ category.name } ${ category.name } terms & conditions at aimsurplus, llc., we are dedicated to your complete satisfaction. we have been serving the shooting sports and military collectible community since 1997, and we truly value our customers. please don’t hesitate to contact us with suggestions or comments. email: [email protected] mail: aimsurplus, llc.225 american waymonroe, oh 45050 phone: (888) 748-5252 or (513) 424-9960 fax: (513) 424-9970 making a purchase* *all items purchased from aimsurplus, llc.. are for lawful use only.it is our company policy to sell ammunition and firearms to us citizens only.aimsurplus, llc. is not an exporter and cannot ship outside the u.s.a., or to freight forwarding companies who then ship outside the u.s. we want to make your shopping experience as simple as possible. browse our online catalog, click on any items you wish to buy and add them to your shopping cart. after you have finished your selection, click on “check out” and you will be asked for a few details so we can complete your order. you must then accept the terms and conditions, certify the ammunition purchase requirements (if applicable), then click on place order. you will then be redirected to our payment processor where you will enter your credit card and billing address. please note: your credit card will be authorized immediately upon order placement. we only accept credit card payments for internet orders. please call toll free (888)748-5252 for other payment options. we accept american express, discover, visa and mastercard at no extra charge! if you are making payment with a debit card, please understand aim, inc. will take no responsibility for any overdraft charges associated with this purchase; this includes any charges associated with a processing error. sales tax charges sales tax will be collected for orders shipped to the following states: al, ar, az, ca, co, ct, fl, ga, hi, ia, id, il, in, ks, ky, la, ma, md, me, mi, mn, mo, ms, nc, nd, ne, nj, nm, nv, ny, oh, ok, pa, ri, sc, sd, tn, tx, ut, va, vt, wa, wi, wv, wy. the above-listed states (except in, la, va, & wv) have indicated that a completed uniform sales & use tax exemption/resale certificate is acceptable as a resale/exemption certificate for sales and use tax. the issuer and the recipient have the responsibility to determine the proper use of this certificate under applicable laws in each state, as these may change from time to time. orders shipped to ohio destinations or picked up at our location will be charged butler county sales tax rates. a vendor’s license does not grant tax exempt status, only a completed uniform sales & use tax exemption/resale certificate. any applicable tax exempt certificates must be completed before purchases are made. no refunds of sales taxes will be given upon completion of the purchase. purchasing ammunition by purchasing from aimsurplus, llc either online or over the phone, you affirm that you: are at least 21 years of age. have never been convicted of a felony or crime punishable by imprisonment for a term exceeding one year have never been adjudicated as mentally defective or been committed to a mental institution have never been a fugitive from justice, an unlawful user of any controlled substance have never been dishonorably discharged from the armed forces are a u.s. citizen and have never renounced his or her us citizenship have never been convicted of a misdemeanor crime of domestic violence. are not currently subject to a court order that restrains you from harassing, stalking, or threatening an intimate partner or child purchasing firearms it is required for you to have a copy of your signed ffl (federal firearms license, or collector of curio & relics license) on file with us before ordering firearms from this website. it is also required to have a copy of any local or state licenses required for a firearm purchase to be on file. all orders placed without, or prior to, a signed copy of the ffl (or other necessary licensing) on file may be canceled without notice. aimsurplus, llc. reserves the right to limit the purchase of multiple firearms. please note: the individual paying for a firearm(s) and picking up from the receiving ffl dealer must be the same person. you must use your credit card when purchasing a firearm. example: person a cannot purchase a firearm using person b’s credit card. the batfe considers this a straw purchase. the following applies to all firearm purchases: we reserve the right to deny a purchase for any reason. you must be a citizen of the united states to make a purchase. all items purchased from aimsurplus, llc. are for lawful uses only. no “straw purchases” of firearms.  the individual paying for the firearm and completing the 4473 firearms transaction record must be the same person (the intended owner). local pick-up hours: orders can be picked up monday through friday from 10am to 7pm, and saturdays 10am to 6pm est*; orders should be placed online or by phone (1-888-748-5252) with a credit card in order to secure inventory. orders are ready to be picked as soon as they are placed. you will not receive notice when it is ready to be picked up. please note: you have 5 business days to pick up your order or it will be canceled without notice. *pickup hours/procedures are subject to change.  feel free to call or email us to verify your order is ready for pickup. firearm transfers we are very happy to transfer a firearm for you from another dealer or individual. we charge $30.00 for outside transfers.please contact aimsurplus before you have any firearms shipped to us, so we can note what is being shipped, who it is for, and where it is coming from. also, if the sender needs a copy of aimsurplus’s ffl we can email them a copy. payment methods: orders placed on our website will require a credit card.  if you come into our showroom to place your order you can pay via cash, credit card, check, or money order: there is a $5000 limit on cash transactions per order. this limit also applies to checks and money orders. for credit card orders, we can only hold an order for 7 days. after 7 days, we must process or cancel the order. you can reorder at your earliest opportunity. we do not charge any additional fees for using a credit card (except for returns). we accept amex, discover, visa, and mastercard. shipping information all rifle and ammunition orders will be shipped ups ground (no po box addresses, please) to the lower 48 states. rifles will ship usps to alaska and hawaii. we cannot ship ammunition directly to ak and hi; ammunition must go through a freight forwarder. unless specifically requested, handguns will ship ups 2nd day air to c&r holders and usps (united states postal service) priority mail to dealers. handguns can only ship ups 2nd day air monday through wednesday, and ups next day air can ship monday through thursday, per ups shipping restrictions. accessory orders being shipped to a po box must ship us mail.  accessory orders with free shipping will ship either ups ground, ups sure post or ups mail innovations (depending on weight) or first class mail, at our discretion. shipping insurance our top priority is making sure your package arrives safe.  during checkout you will have the opportunity to insure your package from loss, damage, and theft in transit/shipping. shipping insurance does not cover errors in shipping addresses input by the customer or manufacturer blems or defects.  aimsurplus llc. is not responsible for lost, stolen, or damaged packages if the customer declines shipping insurance. if your insured package is lost, damaged, or stolen in shipping please reach out to us at [email protected].  shipping insurance will guarantee you a speedy replacement of your order.  if the products are no longer in stock, we will then process a full refund.  shipping insurance is non refundable.  orders over $100 in value may require a police report to be filed before we issue a replacement or refund. shipping addresses it is the customer’s responsibility to enter their shipping address correctly. the checkout system will show the shipping address at the beginning of the checkout process, and once again at the end. please verify the address is correct before submitting the order. we will ship to the address submitted. you will receive an email when the order is placed again allowing you to verify the address is correct before it ships. please note: the shipping address on an order cannot be changed after the order has shipped. for packages that are returned to us because of an incorrect address, customers will be liable for return shipping charges to re-ship your order. shipping items with lithium batteries: optics, lights, and any other items that come with a lithium battery will only ship usps* (with the battery). ups is now charging additional hazmat fees for packages containing lithium batteries. for orders that contain ammunition and an item or items with lithium batteries, the items will ship separately. ammunition will ship via ups ground, and the optic/electronic item will ship via usps. expedited shipping: all items except ammunition* can be upgraded to ship ups 2nd day air or ups next day air. *optics, lights, and any other items that come with a lithium battery may ship via ups 2nd day or next day (for applicable extra charges), but the batteries will not be included. expedited shipping methods are affected by holidays however, especially the period from thanksgiving through christmas and new years. please call for accurate shipping quotes and estimated delivery times. packages with signature requirements: all firearms will ship adult signature required. all complete ar upper receivers & many optics will ship signature required. ultimately it is the delivery driver’s discretion whether they will drop your package, or require a signature. firearms and ammunition cannot be shipped in the same package. the website will split them into two shipments with two seperate shipping charges: if you do order a firearm and ammunition/accessory items in the same order, and it is shipping to a dealer, be sure to confirm with the dealer that they will accept the other items. aimsurplus, llc. will not be responsible for packages returned to us that are refused delivery, and you will be liable for additional shipping charges to re-ship your package. shipping firearms to states with magazine restrictions: for states/counties/cities with capacity restrictions, firearms that are not otherwise restricted will be shipped without the magazine(s). delivery schedule orders typically ship within 1-2 business days after the order is placed, but high volume periods can change shipping times drastically.please call or email for an approximation of current shipping times before placing your order at www.aimsurplus.com. ***please note, your credit card will be authorized immediately upon order placement.*** you will receive an email notification providing you with the tracking number and estimated delivery date when the order ships (unless the order is shipping to an ffl dealer for transfer to you, then the dealer will receive the shipping notification and tracking information via email). for firearm orders, the tracking information will be available to customers upon request (please call or email after your order has shipped). back orders we currently do not offer the option to back order a product. warranty and pricing statement all prices are subject to change without notice. aimsurplus, llc. extends no warranty and is not responsible for any damages due to failure of used products. used parts and firearms are sold as is. we suggest having a certified gunsmith inspect, install and/or test all used parts and firearms before use. owner’s manuals are not provided with all firearms. most new products are fully warranted by the manufacturer and product returns should be arranged with these manufacturers. privacy policy aimsurplus, llc. will not disclose buyers’ information to third parties. cookies are used on this shopping site to track the contents of your shopping cart once you have selected an item(s), to store delivery addresses if the address book is used, and to store your details upon selecting the ‘remember me’ option. other “glock” is a federally registered trademark of glock, inc. and is one of many trademarks registered by glock, inc. and glock ges.m.b.h. neither aimsurplus, llc, nor this site are affiliated in any manner with, or otherwise endorsed by, glock, inc. or glock ges.m.b.h. the use of “glock” on this page is merely to advertise the sale of glock pistols, parts, or components. giveaways/sweepstakes no purchase is necessary to enter or win. a purchase does not increase the chances of winning. eligibility: sweepstakes (the "sweepstakes") is open only to those who sign up at the online sweepstakes page and who are at least 21+ years old at the time of entry. the sweepstakes is open to the legal residents of the united states and is void where prohibited by law. employees of aimsurplus llc (the "sponsor") their respective affiliates, subsidiaries, advertising and promotion agencies, suppliers and their immediate family members and/or those living in the same household of each are not eligible to participate in the sweepstakes. the sweepstakes is subject to all applicable federal, state and local laws and regulations. void where prohibited. agreement to rules: by participating, you agree to be fully unconditionally bound by these rules, and you represent and warrant that you meet the eligibility requirements set forth herein. in addition, you agree to accept the decisions of aimsurplus llc, as final and binding as it relates to the content. the sweepstakes is subject to all applicable federal, state and local laws. sweepstakes period: entries will be accepted online starting on the 1st day of each month the sweepstakes run and ending on the last day of that month. all online entries must be received by 11:59 pm on the stated final day of the sweepstakes. all times are (gmt-05:00) eastern time (us & canada). how to enter: the sweepstakes must be entered by submitting an entry using the online form provided on this site. the entry must fulfill all sweepstakes requirements, as specified, to be eligible to win a prize. entries that are not complete or do not adhere to the rules or specifications may be disqualified at the sole discretion of aimsurplus llc. you may enter only once and you must fill in the information requested. you may not enter more times than indicated by using multiple e-mail addresses, identities or devices in an attempt to circumvent the rules. if you use fraudulent methods or otherwise attempt to circumvent the rules your submission may be removed from eligibility at the sole discretion of aimsurplus llc. prizes: the approximate retail value of the prize(s) will change month to month.  you may email us for the msrp value of the current giveaway.  you are not guaranteed to win a prize and your chance of winning is dependent on the total number of eligible entries received. actual/appraised value may differ at time of prize award. the specifics of the prize shall be solely determined by the sponsor. no cash or other prize substitution permitted except at sponsor's discretion. the prize is nontransferable. any and all prize related expenses, including without limitation any and all federal, state, and local taxes shall be the sole responsibility of the winner. no substitution of prize or transfer/assignment of prize to others or request for the cash equivalent by winners is permitted. acceptance of prize constitutes permission for aimsurplus llc to use winner's name, likeness, and entry for purposes of advertising and trade without further compensation, unless prohibited by law. odds: the odds of winning depend on the number of eligible entries received. winner selection and notification: winners of the sweepstakes will be selected in a random drawing under the supervision of the sponsor. winners will be notified via e-mail to the e-mail address they entered the sweepstakes with within five (5) days following the winner selection. aimsurplus llc shall have no liability for a winner's failure to receive notices due to winners' spam, junk e-mail or other security settings or for winners' provision of incorrect or otherwise non-functioning contact information. if the selected winner cannot be contacted, is ineligible, fails to claim the prize within 15 days from the time award notification was sent, or fails to timely return a completed and executed declaration and releases as required, prize may be forfeited and an alternate winner selected. the receipt by winner of the prize offered in this sweepstakes is conditioned upon compliance with any and all federal and state laws and regulations. any violation of these official rules by any winner (at sponsor's sole discretion) will result in such winner's disqualification as winner of the sweepstakes and all privileges as winner will be immediately terminated. rights granted by you: by entering this content you understand that aimsurplus llc, anyone acting on behalf of aimsurplus llc, or its respective licensees, successors and assigns will have the right, where permitted by law, without any further notice, review or consent to print, publish, broadcast, distribute, and use, worldwide in any media now known or hereafter in perpetuity and throughout the world, your entry, including, without limitation, the entry and winner's name, portrait, picture, voice, likeness, image or statements about the sweepstakes, and biographical information as news, publicity or information and for trade, advertising, public relations and promotional purposes without any further compensation. terms: aimsurplus llc reserves the right, in its sole discretion to cancel, terminate, modify or suspend the sweepstakes should (in its sole discretion) a virus, bugs, non-authorized human intervention, fraud or other causes beyond its control corrupt or affect the administration, security, fairness or proper conduct of the sweepstakes. in such case, aimsurplus llc may select the recipients from all eligible entries received prior to and/or after (if appropriate) the action taken by aimsurplus llc. aimsurplus llc reserves the right at its sole discretion to disqualify any individual who tampers or attempts to tamper with the entry process or the operation of the sweepstakes or website or violates these terms & conditions. aimsurplus llc has the right, in its sole discretion, to maintain the integrity of the sweepstakes, to void votes for any reason, including, but not limited to; multiple entries from the same user from different ip addresses; multiple entries from the same computer in excess of that allowed by sweepstakes rules; or the use of bots, macros or scripts or other technical means for entering. any attempt by an entrant to deliberately damage any web site or undermine the legitimate operation of the sweepstakes may be a violation of criminal and civil laws and should such an attempt be made, aimsurplus llc reserves the right to seek damages from any such person to the fullest extent permitted by law. by entering the sweepstakes you agree to receive email newsletters periodically from aimsurplus llc. you can opt-out of receiving this communication at any time by clicking the unsubscribe link in the newsletter. limitation of liability: by entering you agree to release and hold harmless aimsurplus llc and its subsidiaries, affiliates, advertising and promotion agencies, partners, representatives, agents, successors, assigns, employees, officers and directors from any liability, illness, injury, death, loss, litigation, claim or damage that may occur, directly or indirectly, whether caused by negligence or not, from (i) such entrant's participation in the sweepstakes and/or his/her acceptance, possession, use, or misuse of any prize or any portion thereof, (ii) technical failures of any kind, including but not limited to the malfunctioning of any computer, cable, network, hardware or software; (iii) the unavailability or inaccessibility of any transmissions or telephone or internet service; (iv) unauthorized human intervention in any part of the entry process or the promotion; (v) electronic or human error which may occur in the administration of the promotion or the processing of entries. disputes: this sweepstakes is governed by the laws of united states and oh, without respect to conflict of law doctrines. as a condition of participating in this sweepstakes, participant agrees that any and all disputes which cannot be resolved between the parties, and causes of action arising out of or connected with this sweepstakes, shall be resolved individually, without resort to any form of class action, exclusively before a court located in oh having jurisdiction. further, in any such dispute, under no circumstances will participant be permitted to obtain awards for, and hereby waives all rights to claim punitive, incidental, or consequential damages, including reasonable attorneys' fees, other than participant's actual out-of-pocket expenses (i.e. costs associated with entering this sweepstakes), and participant further waives all rights to have damages multiplied or increased. privacy policy: information submitted with an entry is subject to the privacy policy stated on the aimsurplus llc web site. read the privacy policy here: https://www.aimsurplus.com/pages/privacy-policy. winners list: the name of last months winner(s) will be posted on our social media or you may email us for the last months winner list. sponsor: the sponsor of the sweepstakes is aimsurplus llc, 225 american way monroe, oh 45050, united states. this promotion is in no way sponsored, endorsed or administered by, or associated with facebook, twitter, youtube, pinterest, linkedin or google. you understand that you are providing your information to the owner of this sweepstakes and not to facebook, twitter, youtube, pinterest, linkedin or google. cancellation policy once an order has been placed on our website we make no guarantee that it can be cancelled.  once an order is already in our warehouse for processing it cannot be cancelled. please call 1-888-748-5252 or email [email protected] to inquire on the order status. canceled orders cannot be reversed. all cancellations are final. if the order has already shipped, you must follow all the procedures for returns (see below). return policy due to the expenses incurred by returns, we make every effort to insure your order is shipped accurately and that the product meets the standards of our advertising. if a return must be made, please note the following policies: no returns will be accepted after 30 days of the invoice date. no returns on ammunition. no returns on nfa items. no partial returns for orders purchased with credova financing. to return or exchange an item, you must first request a return from your account on our website. return shipping charges are the customer’s responsibility. if the incorrect product was shipped by our error, a prepaid shipping label may be issued to return the item(s). upon our receipt of the returned product(s), we reserve the right to evaluate the merchandise to determine if a refund or exchange will be made. refunds: refunds will be issued in the same manner in which original payment was made (i.e. credit card purchases will be returned in the form of a credit to the original card account). credit card refunds are subject to a 3% return fee. note: if we deem a return was made without reasonable cause, or wherein our judgment the product meets the advertised condition, the refund will be subject to a 15% restocking fee. fees charged by a dealer transferring a firearm to the end consumer will not be refunded for any reason. these transactions are at the full risk and expense of the consumer. exchanges: in most situations a refund will be processed for returned items. when returning merchandise to be exchanged, please include estimated shipping charges to ship the replacement merchandise. all accessories originally shipped with the item must be returned with the item (including magazines, etc.) to receive a full refund.  return shipping charges will not be refunded. accessories can be returned through any carrier.  long guns should be returned using ground service through any carrier.  handguns should be returned using next day air services.  handgund may be returned via usps, but must be sent through an ffl dealer. cod packages will be refused.  charges incurred from shipping centers will not be reimbursed. if you have any questions about a retur,  please email: [email protected] or call toll free 1-888-748-5252. you will be asked to agree to these terms before checking out. if you have additional questions, please don’t hesitate to contact us. we want to make your shopping experience as simple as possible. thank you in advance for your business! shipping policy return policy privacy policy order status state product restrictions dealer transfer network laser services pick-up orders terms & conditions how to buy a firearm how to buy ammo how to buy magazines we buy guns faq blog training center mailing list signup giveaways aim surplus, llc 225 american way monroe, oh 45050 (888) 748-5252 [email protected] maps & directions © 2023 aim surplus, llc. all rights reserved. cart your cart is empty it feels desperately alone let's shop ${ error } ${ item.product.brand } ${ item.product.name } ${ item.product.sku } ${ prop.name }: ${ prop.value } ${ formatmoney(item.base_price) } ${ formatmoney(item.price * item.quantity) } check out these other great products ${ product.brand } ${ product.name } ${ product.sku } ${ formatmoney(product.price) } add item view item subtotal: ${ formatmoney(cart.subtotal) } select ffl dealer checkout choose your ffl search below to find your closest dealer your ffl dealer ${ cart.dealer.name } check out now * if you do not see your dealer below click checkout now and enter your dealer’s shipping information. ${ error } edit cart within miles of don't see your dealer? you can enter their address during checkout. go to checkout no dealers match the range. ${ dealer.name } ${ dealer.address1 } ${ dealer.address2 } ${ dealer.city } ${ dealer.state } ${ dealer.zip } ${ dealer.phone } fees: ${ dealer.fees } hours: ${ dealer.hours } notes: ${ dealer.notes } ${ dealer.distance } miles away choose × hey there! let's customize your experience select your state below to see product shipping restrictions as you shop. select your state alabama alaska arizona arkansas california colorado connecticut delaware district of columbia florida georgia hawaii idaho illinois indiana iowa kansas kentucky louisiana maine maryland massachusetts michigan minnesota mississippi missouri montana nebraska nevada new hampshire new jersey new mexico new york north carolina north dakota ohio oklahoma oregon pennsylvania rhode island south carolina south dakota tennessee texas utah vermont virginia washington west virginia wisconsin wyoming