来源URL: https://web.archive.org/web/20161229183201/http://www.ninewest.com/FAQ/CS_FAQ,default,pg.html
================================================================================

shoes for women | handbags for women | nine west free shipping. no minimum. limited time. bag (0) my account sign in my account profile 9wloves rewards orders orders wishlist address book usd united states () welcome international customers. we make it easy to shop and ship to your country. select your shipping destination and choose your currency. selected country: united states select country: afghanistan (usd) albania (usd) algeria (usd) andorra (eur) angola (usd) anguilla (usd) antigua and barbuda (usd) armenia (usd) aruba (usd) austria (eur) azerbaijan (usd) bahamas (eur) bangladesh (bdt) barbados (bbd) belarus (usd) belize (bzd) benin (eur) bermuda (usd) bhutan (usd) bolivia (bob) bonaire, sint eustatius and saba (usd) bosnia and herzegovina (eur) botswana (usd) brazil (usd) brunei darussalam (usd) burkina faso (eur) burundi (usd) cameroon (eur) cape verde (usd) cayman islands (kyd) central african republic (eur) chad (eur) christmas island (aud) cocos (keeling) islands (aud) colombia (cop) comoros (usd) congo, democratic republic of the (usd) congo, republic of the (eur) cook islands (nzd) costa rica (crc) curaçao (usd) czech republic (czk) côte d'ivoire (usd) denmark (dkk) djibouti (usd) dominican republic (dop) dominica (usd) ecuador (usd) el salvador (usd) equatorial guinea (eur) eritrea (usd) estonia (eur) ethiopia (usd) falkland islands (malvinas) (usd) faroe islands (dkk) fiji (usd) finland (eur) france (eur) french guiana (eur) french polynesia (usd) gabon (eur) gambia (usd) georgia (usd) germany (eur) ghana (usd) gibraltar (gbp) greenland (dkk) grenada (usd) guadeloupe (eur) guatemala (gtq) guernsey (gbp) guinea-bissau (eur) guinea (usd) guyana (usd) haiti (usd) holy see (vatican city state) (eur) honduras (hnl) hungary (huf) iceland (eur) india (inr) iraq (usd) ireland (eur) isle of man (usd) jamaica (jmd) jersey (gbp) kazakhstan (eur) kenya (usd) kiribati (aud) kyrgyzstan (usd) lao people's democratic republic (usd) latvia (eur) lebanon (eur) lesotho (usd) liberia (usd) libya (usd) liechtenstein (chf) lithuania (eur) macedonia, the former yugoslav republic of (usd) madagascar (usd) malawi (usd) maldives (mvr) mali (eur) marshall islands (usd) martinique (eur) mauritania (usd) mauritius (usd) mayotte (eur) micronesia, federated states of (usd) moldova, republic of (usd) mongolia (usd) montenegro (eur) morocco (eur) mozambique (usd) myanmar (usd) namibia (eur) nauru (aud) nepal (eur) new caledonia (usd) nigeria (usd) niger (eur) niue (nzd) norway (nok) palau (usd) panama (pab) papua new guinea (usd) paraguay (pyg) poland (pln) portugal (eur) romania (ron) russian federation (rub) rwanda (usd) réunion (eur) saint barthélemy (eur) saint kitts and nevis (usd) saint lucia (usd) saint pierre and miquelon (eur) saint vincent and the grenadines (usd) samoa (usd) san marino (eur) sao tome and principe (usd) senegal (eur) serbia (usd) seychelles (usd) sierra leone (usd) sint maarten (dutch part) (eur) slovakia (eur) slovenia (eur) solomon islands (usd) somalia (usd) sri lanka (lkr) suriname (usd) swaziland (eur) sweden (sek) tajikistan (usd) tanzania, united republic of (usd) timor-leste (usd) togo (eur) tonga (usd) trinidad and tobago (usd) tunisia (usd) turks and caicos islands (usd) tuvalu (aud) uganda (usd) ukraine (eur) united kingdom (gbp) united states (usd) uruguay (eur) uzbekistan (usd) vanuatu (usd) virgin islands, british (usd) wallis and futuna (usd) yemen (usd) zambia (usd) zimbabwe (usd) selected currency: us dollar (usd) select currency: australian dollar (aud) bahraini dinar (bhd) balboa (pab) barbados dollar (bbd) belize dollar (bzd) boliviano (bob) brazilian real (brl) british pound (gbp) bulgarian lev (bgn) canadian dollar (cad) cayman islands dollar (kyd) chilean peso (clp) colombian peso (cop) cordoba oro (nio) costa rican colon (crc) croatian kuna (hrk) czech koruna (czk) danish krone (dkk) dominican peso (dop) egyptian pound (egp) euro (eur) guarani (pyg) hong kong dollar (hkd) hungarian forint (huf) indian rupee (inr) indonesian rupiah (idr) israeli shekel (ils) jamaican dollar (jmd) japanese yen (jpy) jordanian dinar (jod) korean won (krw) kuwaiti dinar (kwd) lempira (hnl) mexican peso (mxn) new romanian leu (ron) new zealand dollar (nzd) norwegian krone (nok) omani rial (omr) pakistan rupee (pkr) peruvian nuevo sol (pen) philippine peso (php) polish zloty (pln) qatari riyal (qar) quetzal (gtq) riel (khr) rufiyaa (mvr) russian ruble (rub) saudi riyal (sar) singapore dollar (sgd) south african rand (zar) sri lanka rupee (lkr) swedish krona (sek) swiss franc (chf) taiwan dollar (twd) taka (bdt) thai baht (thb) turkish lira (try) us dollar (usd) united arab emirates dirham (aed) yuan renminbi (cny) save shipping destination and currency shop our us site now offering international shipping for more information please see our international shipping page. holiday gift yourself: just for you best. gifts. ever: the ultimate guide give accessories gifts under $50 give time give warmth gift cards holiday shipping & returns new new arrivals pre-order cold weather trend: menswear trend: block heel shoes all shoes boots & booties heels flats wedges sneakers sandals girls boots & booties all boots all booties over the knee wide calf & stretch boots flat boots heeled boots flat booties heeled booties heels all heels pumps wedges & platforms peep toes slingbacks evening bags & accessories handbags wallets & wristlets watches jewelry sunglasses & hats scarves, hosiery & socks cold weather sale all sale shoe sale handbags sale accessories sale checkout customer service 1-800-999-1877 x free standard shipping on all orders of 75$ or more is available for a limited time only. offer is valid for 5-7 business day shipping within the 48 contiguous united states (excludes alaska, hawaii and u.s. territories) for internet and phone orders only. qualifying purchase amount includes merchandise only, does not include taxes, gift cards or previous purchases and must be met after any coupons or discount are applied. advanced search search by keyword details x everything under $100 event valid between 12/01/2016 12:00 am est and 12/05/2016 11:59 pm est or while supplies last during the “everything under $100” event at www.ninewest.com only. select boot, booties, heels, flats, sandals & bag styles only. cannot be combined with any other coupon or discount offer. may be combined with any online shipping offer. prices are as marked. offer not valid at nine west stores, department stores or independent retailers. not valid on previous purchases or for purchase of gift cards. regular prices are offering prices and may not be based on actual sales. some original prices may not have been in effect for the past 90 days or in all areas. intermediate markdowns may have been taken. not redeemable for cash or store credit. we reserve the right to terminate this offer if it becomes technically compromised in any way. customer service frequently asked questions how do i place an online order? checkout using a credit card once you've added items to your cart, click "checkout". you'll then have the option of clicking "checkout", or "paypal checkout." checkout: fill out shipping information. please note that we don't ship to p.o. boxes or apo addresses. select shipping method and then click "continue to payment." select a payment method. enter billing address if different from your "ship to" address, then click "continue to order review." review your order to make sure your information is correct, and then click "place order." you'll receive an email confirmation when your order is placed. you'll receive a shipping confirmation email with a tracking number once your order has been shipped. checkout using paypal once you've added items to your cart, click "checkout." you'll have the option of clicking "paypal checkout." if you click "paypal checkout" you'll be taken to a paypal log-in page. once you log into paypal, it's very important to review the shipping address stored in your paypal account. once you've verified your information, click "continue." you'll be taken back to the nine west checkout page. review your complete order detail and then click on "place order." please note that we do not ship to p.o. boxes or apo addresses. you'll receive two email confirmations: one from nine west and one from paypal, once your order has been received. you'll receive a shipping confirmation email with a tracking number once your order has been shipped checkout using amazonpay once you have added items to your shopping bag, click “checkout”, and then click “amazon”. your amazon login page will pop up and you will be required to sign into your amazon account. select the payment method associated with your amazon account with which you would like to make your purchase. after selecting your payment method, you will be redirected to the website to confirm the information and proceed with submitting your order. billing information when selecting the credit card payment option, be sure to include the billing address associated with the credit card to avoid delay. currently, we’re unable to accept orders with billing addresses outside the 50 contiguous u.s. states. promotion codes to redeem a promotion, where a coupon code is required: at the checkout page enter your promotion code in the space marked "apply a promo code." click the "apply" button on the right side of the page. your discount will be reflected in your "order summary." the following restrictions apply: to qualify for a specific promotion, your order must be placed during the specified promotion period. we can’t apply a current promotion to a previous purchase. some promotional offers may not be combined with other offers. your order may need to be a certain dollar amount to qualify; shipping and taxes are not applicable towards the qualifying amount. only one promotion code may be used per order; offers may be used only once unless otherwise specified. free shipping offers are valid on standard 5-7 business day shipping for orders placed at ninewest.com with a specified minimum purchase. 5-7 day shipping is not available for shipments to ak, hi. gift card purchases, taxes and shipping and handling fees, do not count towards the qualifying amount. the offer may only apply to certain price points (full-price only or sale only) or select products. offers may not be valid at nine west retail stores. offers aren’t valid for purchases of gift cards. offer is not for resale and is not redeemable for cash. payment options we offer the convenience of numerous payment options: paypal amazonpay mastercard visa american express discover gift cards & vouchers nine west company-issued traditional gift card nine west e-gift card 9 loves voucher note: while we do accept gift cards issued by american express, discover, mastercard and visa, we ask that you hold onto your card until you’re certain that the order won’t be returned. refunds can only be issued back to the original form of payment. taxes & tax-exempt purchasing order totals shown at checkout reflect an estimated tax amount. the actual charge to your credit card includes all applicable taxes calculated at the time your order is shipped. those tax amounts appear on your packing slip. our tax policy: the taxes we charge on merchandise are based on state and local tax laws of the delivery address. this applies to taxes on shipping and handling charges. if you return an item for a refund, that refund includes the taxes you paid for the item. there is no refund for taxes paid on shipping and handling. tax-exempt purchases: to ensure compliance with tax laws, we must receive completed forms and verify some information before a purchase can be made; all forms must be faxed to customer service for verification. if you're making a purchase for a tax-exempt organization or you're an individual who qualifies for a tax exempt purchase, please fax your order form and tax exempt form along with a copy of your id to 917-229-2572. to obtain an order form, please begin entering your order online by filling in all of your information, including your billing, shipping and pay method. you will then have the option of submitting your order or printing it. please print the order form and fax it to our secure fax number. shipping options for u.s. shipments only if your order includes multiple items, they may ship from different locations, experience different ship times and may arrive on different days. you will not be charged extra if your items ship separately. processing times when your order leaves our warehouse, you’ll receive an email with your tracking number. please note that it may take 24 hours before tracking information is available. shipping options 5-7 business days3-5 business days2 business daysnext business day $5.00$7.00$15.00$30.00 5-7 business-day delivery often requires the united states postal service (usps) to make the final delivery. if usps delivery is not an option for you, please select another delivery method. we package and ship your order as soon as we receive credit card authorization and verification. based on our warehouse location and your shipping address, we determine the most efficient shipping carrier for your order. the carriers that may be used include the u.s. postal service (usps) and fedex. prices in the chart above reflect shipping for domestic orders only. for information on international orders, see international shipping orders placed on friday afternoon, over the weekend or on holidays will be processed on the next business day. gift cards are shipped separately and should arrive within 5-7 business days. this option is free. other options are subject to the normal rates and times. please choose to send an e-gift card for immediate delivery. deliveries are made monday through friday (except holidays). back orders & bulk orders pre orders & back orders: we love introducing new style releases as soon as we can, even before they’re on our shelves. you can preorder many of them online. preordered items are placed on "back order." your credit card is authorized for the purchase, but you are not charged until the items become available and are shipped to you. expected delivery dates are indicated when you pre-order an item, but please note these dates are subject to change. the same applies to back ordered items. bulk orders: our merchandise isn’t intended for re-sale. online purchases are limited to 10 items per order, per customer. for corporate sales, please contact customer service at 800-999-1877. size chart how do i check the status of my order? once your order has been shipped, we’ll notify you via email of your shipment’s status. this email will also provide tracking information and allow you to check the status of your order. can i cancel my order? once your order is submitted, we’re immediately working on sending it to you as quickly as possible. we have a very small window of opportunity to catch your order before it is fully processed. please call 800-999-1877 as soon as possible, and we'll do everything we can to accommodate your request. please note that orders placed online can take approximately two hours before they are downloaded into our ordering system and visible to our customer service team. how do i return or exchange an item? return policy we'll accept unworn or defective merchandise when you return it in its original packaging within 30 days of the date you received it. returns after 30 days of the date of delivery to you, and items marked "final sale" or "as is," will not be accepted. we don't accept returns for nine west products purchased at department stores, specialty stores or websites other than www.ninewest.com returns to store you can return your online purchase to your local nine west retail or outlet store location or by mail. to find a store nearest you, visit out store locator *please note- no returns will be accepted at the below nine west outlet location nine west outlet williamsburg premium outlets 5709-60 richmond rd williamsburg, va 23188 returns by mail pack and seal your return securely in the item's original packaging. properly mark your packing slip with the item(s) being returned, indicating the reason for your return, and include it in your package. if you don't have your packing slip, you can insert a copy of your order confirmation email or provide us with the following information name address order number (if available) item(s) being returned and the reason why you have two options for shipping your item(s) back to us: a. use the pre-paid usps shipping label included in your package or generate a new label online. ship using your local post office and we'll deduct $7.50 from your refund for postage. write down your return tracking number in case the return is delayed or lost in transit. b. ship the package to the address below using your preferred method. we suggest delivery confirmation for tracking to resolve any issues of delayed returns or lost packages. please retain your return tracking number e-commerce returns 1245 forest parkway west deptford, nj 08066-1728 note: the prepaid label can only be used when shipping within the u.s. refunds & credits refunds for eligible returns are applied according to the original form of payment. below are the details for refunds by payment method. if you paid withwe will refund you with credit carda refund for your return will be applied to the same card gift card onlya refund for your return will be issued in the form of an e-gift card via email. 9w reward voucherif your voucher hasn't expired, a new voucher will be reissued and emailed to you. gift card and credit card combinedthe refund will be split as follows: the original amount charged to your credit card will be refunded back to the same credit card. you'll receive an e-gift card via e-mail for the amount taken from your gift card. 9w rewards voucher and credit card combinedthe refund will split as follows: the original amount charged to your credit card will be refunded back to the same card and, if your voucher hasn't expired, you'll receive a new 9w rewards loves voucher via email. checkcheck. please allow six to eight weeks to receive your refund check. non company issued gift card- visa, mastercard, amexif you're using a bank-issued gift card, please hold on to it until you’re certain that you won't be returning the item. your refund can only be issued back to the gift card used to make the purchase. international returns see international section exchanges exchanges would require that you return your existing item and place a new order with us by phone: 800-999-1877. we'll do our best to ensure you're able to place an order for the item you want, as well as price-match your original order. free return shipping on the unwanted item and free shipping on your new order will be given to you when we process the exchange. as soon as we receive and process your returned item, you'll be refunded the purchase amount to the original method of payment. if the refund is applied to your credit card, your credit card company may take up to 10 additional business days to post the refund to your account. how can i get a price adjustment? a onetime price adjustment for merchandise purchased at full-price which has been marked down for the first time can be made within 14 days from the original date of purchase. price adjustments cannot be applied to special promotions. note: our retail and outlet stores cannot process price adjustments for online orders. more help 9wloves 9w loves program overview 9w loves members are the first to get exclusive trend previews and insider fashion updates. to sign up for 9w loves, please click here. 1 point for every $1 spent 150 points earns a $10 rewards pass, $100 cap per year. enjoy even more points on bonus points events. celebrate in shoe style with a birthday gift (25% off your next purchase given during your birthday month). be the first to get exclusive trend previews and insider fashion updates. dedicated customer service agents: 1-855-nineluv (646-3588). free shipping on all orders, no minimum. resellers are excluded from the 9 loves program read more about 9w loves redeeming your rewards pass online once you reach 150 points, you’ll automatically earn a $10.00 reward voucher. you can redeem your voucher for merchandise on www.ninewest.com or visit any of our retail, or outlet stores locations. 1. when you’re ready to purchase, go to checkout (or click the checkout button in the top right corner of the website). 2. in the payment section of checkout, choose rewards pass and type the rewards code exactly as it appears, minus any zeros before the 17 character number. 3. click the “apply” button reward vouchers are 17 numeric characters (for example 8250000000005573). when you receive your rewards email containing your voucher information, it will show your voucher with double zeros before the number, please leave off the first two zeros when adding your voucher to your online order. for example, if the number is, 008250000000005573, you’ll only enter 8250000000005573. my account benefits of registration while you're shopping ninewest.com, we offer the option to sign-in or to register with us. once you've registered, you'll be able to experience several special features: shop ninewest.com with the same email address and password. receive a welcome email, including a special offer. save items placed in your shopping bag and they’ll be saved for as long as they're still available on ninewest.com. receive emails announcing up-to-the-minute info on new arrivals, site and store events, and exceptional sales at ninewest.com. for your convenience, you can securely save multiple addresses (like billing and shipping, your friends, family and work etc. ) so you won’t have to reenter that information every time you order. for your security, we do not store your payment information. have quick access to the status of open orders and history of previous orders. view our privacy & security statements. view or change your personal information you must be signed in to ninewest.com to view or change your personal information. once you are signed in, on the top right hand side of the page and click on the tab with your name on it to view all of your account options. go to my account and click on “my profile” to make changes to the following: address remember me for future visits options opt in or out to receive promotional emails changing your email address & password if you wish to change your email address and/ or user name, please login to the "my account" on the top right hand side of the page and click on the tab with your name on it to view all of your account options. click on email address & password. email preferences & unsubscribe you can control the types of emails you would like to receive from us. go to email preferences under "my account", and let us know the types of emails and frequency you wish to receive. to unsubscribe click on the "unsubscribe" link at the bottom of any email you can also click here to unsubscribe order history under "my accounts," you can visit order history to view details of previously placed orders. my closet at ninewest.com, you have your very own closet. you can add items to your closet to view another day or until you’re ready to place your order. you can also email your closet to anyone to share. as long as you’re logged into your account, the items placed into your closet will always be available to you. address book your account "address book" saves multiple ship to addresses for quick and easy checkout. you can label each address with a name, they will all be available at checkout for you to choose. gift cards & gifting services gift cards & egift cards gift cards and e-gift cards are the perfect gift with a size that fits all. order a gift card/ egift card. all of our gift cards can be redeemed online and in retail and outlet stores. customize your gift card or e-gift card with the perfect message. gift cards can be mailed directly to you or to the recipient of your choice. e-gift cards arrive instantly by email with your customized message. gift cards and egift cards are available in multiple denominations, and their value is not taxed. redeeming gift cards or e-gift cards nine west gift cards and egift cards may be redeemed at www.ninewest.com, nine west retail and outlet stores. to redeem an egift card on www.ninewest.com, you’ll need the e-gift card number and pin number from the gift email you received. during the payment process of checkout, you’ll be prompted to enter this number in the e-gift card # field, then click apply. if you would like to use more than one e-gift card, simply repeat this process and be sure to click "submit online e-gift card" for each card you wish to use. to check if you have a balance remaining from a gift card or e-gift card, please sign in to "my account" and enter the gift card/egift card number and your email address. the gift card/egift number will remain the same until the balance is completely used. checking your gift card or e-gift card balance to check if you have a balance remaining from a gift card, please click on gift cards/check balance, located on the bottom pages of ww.ninewest.com. the gift card number will remain the same until the balance is completely used. sending e-gift cards online to send an e-gift card online, enter the recipient's email address, full name (optional) and a personalized message from you on the product page before adding the egift card to your shopping bag. if you’ve chosen to send more than one e-gift card, you must repeat this process. simply add the recipient information for each e-gift card you would like to send and add to the shopping bag. the recipient will be notified in an email of her e-gift card immediately after you submit your order. once we send your recipient's gift via email, you'll also receive an email notification that it has been sent. once the gift card has been sent, it cannot be canceled. international shipping what is borderfree? our partnership with borderfree allows us to provide our international clients with the ability to shop at ninewest.com in the currency of their choice, with competitive shipping costs and delivery times. placing an international order once you arrive at ninewest.com, click on the flag in the top navigation bar to select your shipping destination and preferred currency. all prices will automatically be converted into your chosen currency. when you proceed to checkout, your secure transaction will be completed with borderfree which will calculate and display a guaranteed order total in your preferred currency. this total will include all shipping costs from our warehouse in the u.s. to your selected international destination, as well as any applicable duties and taxes imposed by customs and revenue authorities in the destination country. your credit card will be billed by borderfree and your credit card statement will read "bf*ninewest.com", as "bf" denotes the borderfree network. your credit card will be billed by borderfree at the time your order leaves the u.s. international payment options we accept the following payment methods: mastercard visa paypal american express jcb orders are subject to verification and acceptance before shipping. your credit card will be billed by borderfree at the time your order leaves the u.s. international ship times you'll be quoted specific delivery days at the time of checkout that are based on your selected country, and the shipping methods available for the items in your shopping cart. destinationestimated delivery days canada4-17 business days united kingdom5-12 business days mexico5-9 business days central america & the caribbean5-12 business days south america5-13 business days europe5-13 business days asia-pacific countries5-12 business days south asia6-12 business days africa & middle east5-13 business days iceland6-11 business days russian federation8-18 business days international shipping cost? international shipping is calculated based on a number of factors, selected shipping time, the number of items you are purchasing, the weight of the items, and the destination country. international shipping will be calculated and guaranteed during the borderfree global checkout based on the items you’re purchasing and your shipping destination. duty & taxes duty (customs tariff) is set by the destination country's customs authorities and is determined based on a combination of the country's origin (manufacturing) of the goods being purchased and the classification of that merchandise in accordance with a harmonized system adopted and used by the countries that borderfree supports. value added tax (vat) rates are set by the destination country. you’ll be able to view the guaranteed total amount of applicable duty and tax/vat for your order during the borderfree global checkout process. promotions & policies international orders are not eligible for: free shipping gift card purchases payment with gift cards price adjustments exceptions some items, including hazardous materials, furs, exotic leathers, and jewelry may not be available for international shipment. some beauty items may be considered hazardous materials due to their alcohol content and cannot be shipped internationally. international customers will be notified to remove restricted items during the checkout process. returns & exchanges returns: if for any reason you are not satisfied with your purchase, please contact us at customer_relations@ninewest.com and we will provide you with further instructions on where returns should be shipped and the amount you will be refunded. you will receive a return authorization number from our customer service team, as well as return instructions. we will accept returns of unworn, unwashed or defective merchandise within 45 days of purchase. refund amounts for returned items will be credited to you by our world-wide shipping partner fiftyone in the same currency and using the same exchange rate as your original order. you will be responsible for return shipping charges. please note: we cannot accept a return without a return authorization number. exchanges: we currently cannot accept exchanges for internationally shipped orders. if you are not happy with the size or style you received, simply follow the returns process above and place a new order for the item that you wish to receive. tracking an international order track the status of your order contact us live chat hours 9am - 10pm est email customer_relations@ninewest.com write to us nine west customer service 1411 broadway, 20th floor new york, ny 10018 by phone 1-800-999-1877 9am - 10pm est fax 917-229-2572 for press inquiries pressinquiries@ninewest.com about nine west company info about us privacy policy (updated 2016) terms of use (updated 4/2016) careers california transparency in supply chains act statement customer service holiday 2016 faq returns shipping/tracking size chart site map contact us stores store locator services gift cards/check balance 9wloves rewards program watch warranty mobile © 2016 nine west. all rights reserved. heels flats wedges boots booties evening shoes handbags watches sale gift cards previewdate