来源URL: https://web.archive.org/web/20241231010142/https://ninewest.com/policies/terms-of-service
================================================================================

terms of service – nine west skip to content currently coveting - tumble booties now 65% off details winter clearance - sale up to 70% off details bonus deals - $29.99 and up select styles details semi-annual sale - up tp 75% off with extra 30% off sale details free shipping orders $60+ new new shop new arrivals boot shop wear to work rsvp yes login / my account customer service track your order return an item shoes shoes shop all shoes boots & booties heels flats sneakers sandals login / my account customer service track your order return an item boot shop boots & booties shop all boots & booties tall boots booties otk boots dress boots & booties casual boots & booties wide calf boots low heels mid heels high heels login / my account customer service track your order return an item heels heels shop all heels pumps slingbacks sandals wedges mules & slides low heels mid heels high heels login / my account customer service track your order return an item flats flats shop all flats ballets loafer & drivers mules sneakers login / my account customer service track your order return an item handbags handbags shop all handbags new handbags crossbody totes & backpacks satchels & shoulder bags clutches & wallets login / my account customer service track your order return an item watches watches shop all watches straps metal band login / my account customer service track your order return an item trends trends woven ones leopard that floral feeling denim shimmer & shine kitten heels login / my account customer service track your order return an item sale sale shop all sale new to sale sale handbags clearance login / my account customer service track your order return an item 0 new new shop new arrivals boot shop wear to work rsvp yes boots & booties heels leopard shimmer & shine shoes shoes shop all shoes boots & booties heels flats sneakers sandals heels always @ nw nw nudes collection exclusives boot shop boots & booties shop all boots & booties tall boots booties otk boots dress boots & booties casual boots & booties wide calf boots low heels mid heels high heels booties tall boots dress boots & booties wide calf boots heels heels shop all heels pumps slingbacks sandals wedges mules & slides low heels mid heels high heels pumps the f collection rsvp yes kitten heels flats flats shop all flats ballets loafer & drivers mules sneakers ballet flats loafers best sellers collection sneakers handbags handbags shop all handbags new handbags crossbody totes & backpacks satchels & shoulder bags clutches & wallets morden satchel mylah woven flap chain convertible crossbody siera shopper donella crossbody shoulder bag watches watches shop all watches straps metal band trends trends woven ones leopard that floral feeling denim shimmer & shine kitten heels leopard that floral feeling woven ones shimmer & shine sale sale shop all sale new to sale sale handbags clearance new to sale sale sale handbags clearance new shoes boots & booties heels flats handbags watches trends sale terms of service terms of use the following terms and conditions (the “terms of use” or “terms”) and any other policies the terms link or refer to, govern your use of ninewest.com (or any subdomains thereof), or one of our other websites, applications or other services from which you are accessing these terms (each referred to herein as a “site,” and collectively, the “sites”). the sites are made available by nine west, and its parent, subsidiary and affiliate entities worldwide (collectively, “company,” “we” or “us”). the terms “you,” “your,” and “user” refer to anyone. we reserve the right to change these terms from time to time without notice to you, and any such changes will be effective upon publication on the site. by accessing or using the site, you acknowledge that you have read and understand these terms of use, and that you accept and agree to be bound by these terms of use. if you do not agree to these terms of use or are otherwise dissatisfied with the site, please do not access or use the site. our proprietary rights: except for your submitted materials, we and our licensors own, solely and exclusively, all rights, title and interest (including, without limitation, copyrights) in and to the sites, all the content (including, but not limited to, all audio, photographs, images, illustrations, renderings, drawings, webcasts, rss feeds, podcasts, other services, graphics, logos, games, widgets, gadgets, applets, other distributable applications, other visuals, video, copy and software), code, data and other materials thereon (collectively, the “site content”), the look and feel, design and organization of the sites, and the compilation and organization of the site content, including but not limited to any copyrights, trademark rights, patent rights, database rights, moral rights, sui generis rights and other intellectual property and proprietary rights therein. your use of the site does not grant to you ownership or title of, in or to any site content or any other part of the site, nor does it grant you any license to use or display the same except as expressly permitted herein. limited license: subject to these terms, we grant to you a non-exclusive, non-transferable, limited license to access, view, use and display the sites and site content on your computer or other device, provided that you comply fully with these terms. the sites and site content are for your personal, educational and non-commercial use only. no part of the sites or site content (or any of our products advertised or sold on the site) may be copied, reproduced, republished, exploited, downloaded, uploaded, posted, transmitted, modified, derived, exploited, distributed or used in any manner whatsoever, without our prior written consent or that of the applicable rights owner, except for limited personal, non-commercial or educational purposes as permitted under law. trademarks: the trademarks, logos, service marks and trade names displayed on the sites or as part of the site content (including, without limitation, nine west, etc.) are registered and unregistered trademarks of the company and other persons (collectively, the “trademarks”), and may not be used unless expressly authorized by the applicable trademark owner. nothing contained on the site should be construed as granting, expressly, by implication, estoppel, or otherwise any license or right to use any trademark displayed on the sites or as part of the site content, without our written permission or that of the applicable third-party rights holder. user accounts: using certain features on the site may require creating an account and submitting personal information. the site’s information collection and use policies are set forth in the site’s privacy policy , which is incorporated herein by this reference. you agree to provide only true, accurate, current and complete information, and you accept all responsibility for any and all information and all activities that occur under your account. we are not under any obligation to verify the actual identity or authority of any person using your account. we reserve the right, in our sole discretion and without notice to you, to suspend or terminate your account or to restrict your access to all or part of the site for any reason. submitted materials: unless specifically requested of us, we neither solicit nor wish to receive any confidential, secret or proprietary information or other material from you. any information, proposals, requests, creative works, pictures, photographs, documents, letters, demos, ideas, know-how, suggestions, concepts, methods, systems, designs, drawings, renderings, plans, techniques, comments, criticisms, reports, feedback or other materials submitted or transmitted through the site in any manner, including, but not limited to, through the “contact us” section (collectively, “submitted materials”) will be deemed not to be confidential, secret or proprietary and may be used by us in any manner consistent with these terms. by submitting, uploading, posting or sending submitted materials to, on or through the sites, you: (i) represent and warrant that either (a) your submitted materials are original to you and that no other party has any rights thereto, or (b) that you have the necessary licenses, rights, consents and permissions to use such submitted materials and submit them to the sites for our use, in accordance with these terms and with any purposes that may be described on the sites, and that any “moral rights” in the submitted materials have been waived; and (ii) you grant to us (and our affiliates) a royalty-free, unrestricted, worldwide, perpetual, irrevocable, non-exclusive and fully transferable, assignable and sub-licensable right and license to use, copy, reproduce, modify, store, adapt, publish, translate, create derivative works from, distribute, perform, display, make, exploit, sell, export or incorporate such submitted materials (in whole or in part) in other works (including, without limitation, the sites), products or services, in any form, media, or technology now known or later developed, and for any purpose. we are not responsible for maintaining, and may delete or destroy, any submitted material that you provide. you represent and warrant that your submitted materials comply with these terms, and you agree to keep all necessary supporting documentation, and to make such records available to us upon our request. public forums: the sites may include certain features allowing users to communicate with each other or the general public (such as messaging services, chat services, reviews, bulletin boards, message boards, blogs and other similar forums, areas and services) (collectively, the “forums”). these terms apply to your use of the forums. given the open nature of the internet, you should be careful and selective about the information you disclose in the forums and on the sites and, in particular, you should not disclose any sensitive, personally identifiable, proprietary or confidential information. right to monitor and editorial control: we may (but have no obligation to) monitor or review anything submitted to the sites. we neither sponsor, endorse, control, nor bear responsibility for any such materials. however, we may disclose any information or materials as necessary to satisfy any law, regulation or government request, or to edit, refuse to post or remove any such content, in whole or in part, which violate these terms, our policies or applicable law, which in our sole discretion are objectionable. using the sites may expose you to content that may be offensive, indecent, or objectionable to you, and we are not liable for such content. indemnification: you agree to defend, indemnify and hold us and our directors, officers, employees and agents harmless from any and all damages, claims, liabilities, costs and expenses, including, but not limited to, reasonable attorneys' fees, arising from (i) your use of the sites or the site content, (ii) any part of your submitted materials, or (iii) your breach or violation of any law, rule or regulation, or these terms. the company may, but is not obligated to, assume the exclusive defense and control of any matter otherwise subject to indemnification by you, and in such case, you agree fully to cooperate with any such defense. orders: you may order products from our site only if you are 18 years old (or the age of majority in your jurisdiction) or older. you agree to pay in full the prices for your purchases, plus any applicable taxes. certain products and services that you may be able to purchase or download through the sites may be subject to additional terms and conditions presented to you during such purchase or download. we reserve the right to refuse any order you place through the sites. we may, in our sole discretion, limit or cancel quantities of products purchased per person, per household or per order. these restrictions may include orders placed by or under the same account, the same credit card, the same email address, or orders that use the same promotion code, billing or shipping address. in the event that we make a change to or cancel an order, we will attempt to notify you by contacting the email and/or billing address/phone number provided at the time the order was made. additionally, we may limit or prohibit orders that, in our sole judgment, appear to be placed by dealers, resellers, distributors or any other unauthorized party. you are not permitted to resell any products or services purchased through any of the sites for commercial purposes. by purchasing from the site, you agree that we may share information about you and your transaction with other entities for various purposes, including (without limitation) to process your transaction, to operate our fraud prevention program, to collect on any unpaid debt and to obtain credit card authorization. our information collection and use policies are set forth in the site’s privacy policy. product availability on the site is not guaranteed as products may be low in stock or out of stock when an order is completed. prices for a product (including sales) may vary between the site and stores or between geographies. prices displayed on ninewest.com are quoted in usd and are valid and effective only in the u.s. pricing and other errors: we have made every effort to display as accurately as possible the colors and features of our products on the sites. however, the particular technical specifications, displays and settings of your electronic device could affect the accuracy of the display. we are not responsible if information made available on the site is not accurate, complete or current. from time to time, information on the site might contain typographical or visual errors, inaccuracies, or omissions that may relate to product descriptions, pricing or availability. it is your responsibility to monitor changes to the site. any reliance on the information on the site is at your own risk. we may, but have no obligation to, correct any errors, inaccuracies or omissions, and to update or modify the site content without prior notice. prices and availability of products and services are subject to change without notice. we reserve the right to revoke any stated offer and to correct any errors, inaccuracies or omissions including after an order has been submitted and whether or not the order has been confirmed and your credit card charged. if your credit card has already been charged and we cancel your order, we will issue the credit to your credit card. individual bank policies dictate when this amount is credited to your account. linking to the sites: you agree that: (a) if you include a link from any other website to the site, such link shall open in a new browser window and shall link to the home page of the site; (b) you are not permitted to link directly to any image hosted on the sites, such as using an “in-line” or “deep linking” linking method, including to cause the image to be displayed on another website; and (c) you may not link from any other website to a site in any manner such that it or any of its pages is “framed,” surrounded or obfuscated by any third-party content, materials or branding. we may, in our sole discretion, insist that any link to a site be discontinued, and we may revoke your right to link to the sites. the framing, mirroring, scraping or data-mining of the sites or any of the site content in any form and by any means is strictly prohibited. third-party websites: you may be able to link (through various methods including hyperlinks, clickable images or words, banners and widgets) from the sites to third-party websites, applications and services, and third-party websites may link to the site (“linked sites”). you acknowledge and agree that we have no responsibility for any information, content, advertising, products, services or other materials on any linked sites, and that links to linked sites do not necessarily constitute an endorsement, approval or sponsorship thereof by us. we disclaim all responsibility for any viruses or malicious code that may appear on any linked sites, for the accuracy of any of the information they provide and for any goods or services provided by or purchased from such linked sites. if you rely on any linked site, you do so at your own risk and assume all resulting responsibilities and consequences. promotions: the site may contain sweepstakes, contests or other promotions requiring you to send materials or information to us (and sometimes others). such sweepstakes, contests or promotions may be governed by a separate set of rules, policies and terms. it is your responsibility to read such rules, policies and terms to determine whether you can participate, register and comply therewith. by participating in a sweepstakes or contest through the sites, you signify your agreement and acceptance of these terms and any applicable sweepstakes or contest rules which we may provide. mobile terms & conditions nine west offers its customers mobile marketing alerts regarding promotions, sales and offers by sms message (the "service") on short code 69629. by participating in the service, you are agreeing to these terms and to the privacy policy. signing up and opting-in to the service enrollment in the service requires you to provide your mobile phone number and to agree to these terms and conditions. you may not enroll if you are under 18 years old. before the service will start, you will need to agree to these terms. nine west reserves the right to stop offering the service at any time with or without notice. by opting into the service, you: authorize nine west to use auto dialer or non-auto dialed technology to send recurring text messages to the mobile phone number associated with your opt-in (i.e., the number listed on the opt-in form or, if none, the number from which you send the opt-in, or, if none, the number on file for the account associated with your opt-in). acknowledge that you do not have to agree to receive messages as a condition of purchase. confirm that you are the subscriber to the relevant phone number or that you are the customary user of that number on a family or business plan and that you are authorized to opt in. consent to the use of an electronic record to document your opt-in. to request a free paper or email copy of the opt-in or to update our records with your contact information, please contact us at 1-877-291-6428. to view and retain an electronic copy of these terms or the rest of your opt-in, you will need (i) a device (such as a computer or mobile phone) with internet access, and (ii) and either a printer or storage space on such device. for an email copy, you'll also need an email account you can access from the device, along with a browser or other software that can display the emails. content you may receive once you affirm your choice to opt-in to the service on short code 69629, your message frequency may vary. you may receive alerts about: sales promotions offers charges and carriers message and data rates may apply. please consult your service agreement with your wireless carrier or contact your wireless carrier to determine your phone's pricing plan and the charges for sending and receiving text messages. you acknowledge that you are responsible for any message, data or other charges incurred (usage, subscription, etc.) as a result of using the service. supported carriers are at & t, t-mobile, verizon wireless, sprint, boost, virgin mobile, u.s. cellular, cricket, alltel, cincinnati bell, cellcom, c-spire, ntelos, metropcs, and other smaller regional carriers. the service may not be available on all wireless carriers. nine west may add or remove any wireless carrier from the service at any time without notice. nine west and mobile carriers are not responsible for any undue delays, failure of delivery, or errors in messages. to stop the service to stop receiving text messages from nine west, text the word stop to 69629 any time or reply stop to any of the text messages you have received from nine west. after texting stop to 69629, you will receive one additional message confirming that your request has been processed. questions you can text help for help at any time to 69629. you can contact us by phone at 1-877-291-6428. you can also contact us by email. changes to terms these mobile terms and conditions are subject to change at any time without notice. disclaimer of warranties. the sites, including, without limitation, all services, forums, site content, functions, downloads and materials, are provided "as is," "as available,” without warranty, representation or condition of any kind, either express or implied, including, without limitation, any warranty for information, data, data processing services, uptime or uninterrupted access, any warranties concerning the availability, accuracy, usefulness, correctness, precision, thoroughness, completeness or content of information, and any warranties of title, non-infringement, merchantability or fitness for a particular purpose, and the company hereby disclaims any and all such warranties, express and implied. the company does not warrant that the sites, the services, the forums, the site content, or the functions thereof will be timely, secure, uninterrupted or error free, or that defects will be corrected in a timely manner or at all. the company makes no warranty that the sites, in whole or in part, will meet users’ requirements. no advice, results or information, whether oral or written, obtained by you from the company, or through the sites, shall create any warranty not expressly made herein. the company assumes no responsibility, and shall not be liable for, any damages to, or viruses that may infect, your computer equipment or other property on account of your access to, use of, or browsing in the sites, or your downloading or uploading of any materials, data, text, images, video, or audio from or to the sites. if you are dissatisfied with the sites, your sole remedy is to discontinue using the sites. the company does not necessarily endorse, support, sanction, encourage or agree with any site content or any submitted materials, or any opinion, recommendation, content, link, data or advice expressed or implied therein, and the company expressly disclaims any and all liability in connection with submitted materials and any other content, materials or information available on or through the sites created or provided by users or other third parties. use of the sites, creation of an account, or the submission of any submitted materials does not guarantee acceptance or use thereof. without limitation of the above in this section, the company and its affiliates, suppliers and licensors make no warranties or representations regarding any products or services ordered or provided via the sites, and hereby disclaim, and you hereby waive, any and all warranties and representations made in product or services literature, frequently asked questions documents and otherwise on the sites or in correspondence with the company or its agents. any products and services ordered or provided via the sites are provided by the company (or its licensors or third-party providers or suppliers) “as is,” except to the extent, if at all, otherwise prescribed by applicable law or set forth in a license or sale agreement separately entered into in writing between you and the company or its licensor or supplier. limitation of liability. in no event, including but not limited to negligence, shall the company, or any of its or their directors, officers, employees, agents or content or service providers (collectively, the “protected entities”) be liable for any direct, indirect, special, incidental, consequential, exemplary or punitive damages arising from, or directly or indirectly related to, the use of, or the inability to use, the sites or the content, materials and functions of or related thereto, your provision of information or content via the sites, lost business or lost sales, profits, or goodwill, even if such protected entity has been advised of the possibility of such damages to the fullest extent permitted by law. some jurisdictions do not allow the limitation or exclusion of liability for incidental or consequential damages, so some of the above limitations may not apply to certain users. in no event shall the protected entities be responsible or liable for or in connection with any dispute between or amongst users of the sites, or in connection with any content posted, transmitted, exchanged or received by or on behalf of any user or other person on or through the sites. in no event shall the total aggregate liability of the protected entities to you for all damages, losses, and causes of action (whether in contract or tort, including, but not limited to, negligence or otherwise) arising from these terms of use or your use of the sites exceed, in the aggregate, the greater of (a) the amount(s), if any, paid by you to the company for your use of any site, or (b) one hundred dollars ($100). all users of the sites understand and agree that (i) the mutual agreements made in this section reflect a reasonable allocation of risk, and (ii) the parties hereto would not have entered into these terms of use without these limitations on liability. jurisdictional issues: the site is intended for users located in the united states of america and canada. we generally control and operate the site from our offices in the united states. we do not represent that materials on the site are appropriate or available for use in other locations. persons who access or use the site from other locations are responsible for compliance with any applicable local laws. software from the site is further subject to united states export controls. no software from the site may be downloaded or otherwise exported or re-exported (i) into (or to a national or resident of) cuba, iran, north korea, sudan, syria or any other country to which the united states has embargoed goods; or (ii) to anyone on the u.s. treasury department's list of specially designated nationals, or the u.s. commerce department's table of deny orders; or (iii) in any other manner that violates u.s. law. by downloading or using any such software, you represent and warrant that you are not located in, under the control of, or a national or resident of, any such country or on any such list. termination: we may terminate, change, suspend, restrict or discontinue any aspect of the sites at any time if we believe you are in breach of these terms or applicable law, or for any other reason in our discretion, without notice or liability. these terms will terminate commensurate with the discontinuance or termination of your site use privileges. however, the terms will nevertheless continue to apply and be binding upon you and any persons you represent, jointly and severally, regarding your prior access to and use of the sites and site content, and anything connected with, relating to or arising therefrom. miscellaneous: these terms and the relationship between you and us shall be governed by the laws of the united states and the state of new jersey, without regard to its conflict of law provisions. any cause of action arising under the terms shall be commenced and be heard in the appropriate court in the state of new jersey. you agree to submit to the personal and exclusive jurisdiction of the courts located within new york county in the state of new jersey. our failure to exercise or enforce any right or provision of these terms shall not constitute a waiver of such right or provision. if any provision of these terms is found by a court of competent jurisdiction to be invalid, the parties nevertheless agree that the court should endeavor to give effect to the parties' intentions as reflected in the provision, and the other provisions of the terms shall remain in full force and effect. all provisions of these terms that consist of or relate to notices, ownership of intellectual or other property, representations, warranties, limitations of liability, disclaimers, indemnification, governing law, venue or jurisdiction, or any prohibitions or restrictions respecting any access to, use of, or other activities concerning the sites or any site content, shall survive the revocation, expiration or termination, in whole or in part, of these terms. we reserve all rights not expressly granted in these terms. we respect the intellectual property rights of others, and require that users of the sites do the same. we also maintain a policy that provides for the termination in appropriate circumstances of the sites’ use privileges of users who are repeat infringers of intellectual property rights. if you believe that your work has been copied in a way that constitutes copyright infringement, please forward the following information to our copyright agent, designated as such pursuant to the digital millennium copyright act, 17 u.s.c. § 512(c)(2) (the “dmca”), named below: your postal address, telephone number, and email address; a description of the copyrighted work that you claim has been infringed; a description of where the alleged infringing material is located; a statement by you that you have a good faith belief that the disputed use is not authorized by the copyright owner, its agent, or the law; an electronic or physical signature of the person authorized to act on behalf of the owner of the copyright interest; a statement by you, made under penalty of perjury, that the above information in your notice is accurate and that you are the copyright owner or authorized to act on the copyright owner's behalf. copyright agent: copyright agent nine west, legal department 777 west putnam avenue # 2 greenwich, ct 06830 contact us: please direct questions or comments about the site, these terms, or any products you purchased through the site to: nine west, c/o marc fisher footwear 777 west putnam avenue # 2 greenwich, ct 06830 email signup email policies customer service terms of service privacy policy ca transparency size & measurements returns policy shipping rates & policies accessibility statement customer care get help track your order return an item enable accessibility follow us facebook instagram tiktok amazon american express apple pay discovergoogle pay mastercardshop pay visa © 2025 nine west, all rights reserved. powered by shopify shopping bag your shopping bag is currently empty. start shopping select options search popular searches newshoessandal shopheelsflatshandbagswatchesn.i.n.e.sale need inspiration? quick view reina ankle strap sandals $99.00 / quick view carlien mary jane pumps $109.00 / sale quick view fresh pointy toe pumps $99.00 $44.99 / quick view fresh pointy toe pumps $99.00 / sale quick view fresh pointy toe pumps $99.00 $44.99 / sale quick view folowe d'orsay pointy toe pumps $99.00 $49.99 /