来源URL: https://web.archive.org/web/20191227202533/https://www.alphabroder.com:443/cgi-bin/online/webshr/embed-page.w?p=corporate-responsibility.htm
================================================================================

alpha: about us: corporate responsibility usa usa canada english francais search icon express order forgot username forgot password open an account login: password: remember me login what's newview all new products brands premier brands brands decoration supplies 180s bright shield gemline puma golf a4 burnside gildan puma sport adams carmel towel company hall of fame rabbit skins all sport champion hanes rawlings drop ship alpine fleece code five hardware russell athletic alstyle collegiate cotton harriton shaka wear drop ship alternative columbia headsweats simplex apparel drop ship american apparel comfort colors holloway soybu drop ship anvil comfortwash by hanes j america spyder artisan collection by reprime core 365 jerzees startee drop ship augusta drop ship devon & jones just hoods by awdis sublivie augusta sportswear dickies lane seven team 365 authentic pigment doggie skins lat threadfast apparel backpacker dri duck liberty bags tie-dye bagedge econscious marmot top of the world bayside extreme next level towels plus beimar drop ship fahrenheit north end ultraclub bella + canvas flexfit oad us blanks berne fortress occunomix walls outdoor big accessories fruit of the loom pro towels yupoong personal protection personal protection t-shirts t-shirts ladies 3 oz. long sleeve 4 oz. core365 v-neck 5 oz. cotton new tanks 5 oz. blend fashion sleeveless 6 oz. youth moisture wicking sweatshirts | fleece sweatshirts | fleece crewneck < 6 oz. new pullover hood 6 oz. fashion sweatpants 7 - 8 oz. full-zip hood youth 9 oz. 1/4 and 1/2 zips ladies' > 10 oz. polos polos long sleeve stripes pocket polos textures core365 moisture wicking youth new easy care ladies' mocks color block knits and layering knits and layering performance lightweight core365 midweight new v-neck fleece jackets fleece jackets quarter-zip & half-zip pullover hood core365 youth new performance midweight lightweight full-zip vest woven shirts woven shirts chambray oxford camp poplin core365 denim twill new dobby wrinkle resistant broadcloth fishing stain resistant outerwear outerwear soft shell midweight rainwear heavyweight core365 wind shirts 3-in-1 systems jackets new athletic poly fleece hi-visibility golf polyfil workwear lightweight pants pants lounge-sleepwear new leggings workwear capri-crop yoga-fitness coverall athletic shorts shorts new 5-6" inseam athletic 7-9" inseam workwear 10-13" inseam lingerie-sleepwear infants | toddlers infants | toddlers new hats short sleeve t-shirts creeper long sleeve t-shirts romper sweatshirt bibs full-zip hood blankets headwear headwear structured camo new unstructured military flexfit beanies bucket 5 panel visors runners 6 panel pigment-dyed bags and accessories bags and accessories tote backpacks blanket drawstring towel duffel aprons laptop & tablet cases scarves & socks messenger & briefcases decoration supplies decoration supplies threads bobbins cutaway backing needles tearaway backing scissors specialty backing design studio go to design studio my designs about design studio design studio faq websites create/edit your website product tools hangtags samples showroom marketing matchables utk interactive catalogs print & digital catalogs order custom catalogs download price lists reference size charts glossary of terms integration document product info download events swatch cards brand sites all sportalternativeanvilaugusta sportswearauthentic pigmentbagedgebella + canvasbig accessorieschampioncolumbiacomfort colorscore 365devon & joneseconsciousextremegildanhanesharritonnext levelnorth endpuma golfpuma sportthreadfast apparelultraclub storyboards and flyers alphablogger apply for an account request a login manage account shipping addresses e-mail & fax signup my favorites saved orders order status pay invoices invoices and statements custom website quotes returns manage tax certificates credit application forgot password forgot username faq's return policy customer service distribution network decoration exclusives basics - real deals corporate responsibility alphabroder is dedicated to being a responsible corporate citizen; therefore we hold ourselves to the highest ethical business standards.  this includes publishing and enforcing a social accountability statement for not only our internal practices but also all of our customers, vendors and factories.  we have also partnered with u.s. customs & border protection in a trade program designed to help secure our borders and ensure the continued free flow of international trade. » corporate social responsibility initiative alphabroder is presently engaged in an aggressive initiative with regards to corporate social responsibility (csr). csr is an ongoing, continuous process that evolves as new laws, guidelines, consumer expectations and industry initiatives come to light. it is not a static process. alphabroder will publish updates on this initiative as part of our process of continued improvement. download the march 2019 update » social accountability policy statement alphabroder has a tradition of conducting its business in an ethical manner that reflects respect for the public franchise under which we operate. as an international business, alphabroder is concerned with the worldwide state of human rights and environmental degradation. alphabroder follows the fair labor association's (fla) example and partners only with vendors that allow us full knowledge of the facilities used in their production. alphabroder and fla utilize accredited third party audit companies to ensure its business partners are socially compliant with all applicable international and local laws. any effort to suppress any of these standards will be met with strong objection. alphabroder will take into account any such actions on the part of vendors and factories when evaluating our business relations as our pledge to uphold these standards. when differences or conflicts in standards arise, the highest standard shall apply. employment relationship alphabroder vendors shall adopt and adhere to rules and conditions of employment that respect workers and at a minimum, safeguard their rights under national and international labor and social security laws and regulations. discriminatory practices alphabroder recognizes and respects cultural differences found in the worldwide marketplace. no person shall be subject to any discrimination in employment, including hiring, compensation, advancement, discipline, termination or retirement, on the basis of gender, race, religion, age, disability, sexual orientation, nationality, political opinion, social group or ethnic origin. harassment or abuse alphabroder vendors shall treat every employee with respect and dignity. no employee shall be subject to any physical, sexual, psychological or verbal harassment or abuse. forced or compulsory labor alphabroder shall partner only with vendors which allow workers to accept their employment voluntarily. there shall be no use of forced labor, including prison labor, indentured labor, bonded labor or other forms of forced labor. commitment to responsible recruitment alphabroder is committed to the fair treatment of workers throughout the supply chain. one important part of this ongoing effort is working together with our global supply chain partners to drive positive change and eliminate the potential for forced labor in the countries from which we source products. we commit to work with our global supply chain partners to create conditions so that: no worker pays for their job workers retain control of their travel documents and have full freedom of movement; and all workers are informed of the basic terms of their employment before leaving home. child labor alphabroder shall partner only with vendors who take a strong stance against the use of child labor. vendors are expected to comply with local and international laws in defining the term "child". no person shall be employed under the age of 15 or under the age for completion of compulsory education, whichever is higher. human trafficking and slavery alphabroder will not partner with vendors who engage in or support the use of human trafficking or slavery within their organizations and/or their international supply chain. freedom of association and collective bargaining alphabroder adopts an open attitude toward worker's rights and their freedom to associate with others, form, and join (or abstain from joining) organizations of their choice, collective bargaining, without interference, discrimination, retaliation, or harassment. employers shall recognize and respect the right of employees to freedom of association and collective bargaining. health, safety and environment alphabroder vendors shall provide a safe and healthy workplace setting to prevent accidents and injury to health arising out of, linked with, or occurring in the course of work or as a result of the operation of employers' facilities. employers shall adopt responsible measures to mitigate negative impacts that the workplace has on the environment. working hours and overtime alphabroder shall work with vendors who do not require workers to work more than the regular and overtime hours allowed by the law of the country where the workers are employed. the regular work week shall not exceed 48 hours. employers shall allow workers at least 24 consecutive hours of rest in every seven-day period. all overtime work shall be consensual. employers shall not request overtime on a regular basis and shall compensate all overtime work at a premium rate. other than in exceptional circumstances, the sum of the regular and overtime hours in a week shall not excel 60 hours. fair wages alphabroder shall partner with vendors who share our commitment to the betterment of wage and benefit levels that address the basic needs of workers and their families. every worker has a right to compensation for a regular work week that is sufficient to meet the workers' basic needs and provide some discretionary income. employers shall pay at least the minimum wage or the appropriate prevailing wage, whichever is higher, comply with all legal requirements on wages, and provide any fringe benefits required by law or contract. where compensation does not meet workers' basic needs and provide some discretionary income, vendor shall take appropriate actions that seek to progressively realize a level of compensation that does. product safety alphabroder is committed to aligning themselves with only those vendors dedicated to ensuring the health and safety of our customers. merchandise manufactured on behalf of alphabroder must meet or exceed all applicable u.s. and canadian government product safety and quality standards. corruption and bribery alphabroder is committed to acting professionally, fairly and honestly in all of our business operations. alphabroder prohibits the offering, giving, solicitation or the acceptance of any bribe or corrupt incentive in any form. » accessibility statement alphabroder is committed to facilitating the accessibility and usability of its website. we have engaged usablenet inc., a leading provider of accessibility technology and services to ensure and maintain accessibility of our website. if you have specific questions or concerns about the accessibility of any particular page or content on alphabroder.com, please contact us at [email protected]. if you do encounter an accessibility issue, please be sure to specify the webpage in your email, and we will make all reasonable efforts to provide assistance. » c-tpat certification in 2007, alphabroder received the customs trade partnership against terrorism (c-tpat) certification from the u.s. customs and borders protection (cbp,) a division of the department of homeland security. the c-tpat program is a joint initiative between the u.s. government and certified businesses to cultivate cooperative relationships based upon the integrity of a company's security practices. these practices are vital in maintaining an overall efficient and compliant supply chain and strengthened border security. a year later, alphabroder was granted tier ii status by cbp. to receive its current tier ii status, alphabroder's entire supply chain, including factories, brokers and transportation providers had to pass a vigorous inspection by cbp, maintain the "best practices" in the industry and demonstrate that comprehensive programs are in place to secure their facilities and supply chains from terrorists, smuggling and narcotics. this significant recognition of our security program exemplifies our organization wide commitment to maintaining the highest levels of security standards, procedures, and processes at all of our facilities, and displays our serious concern for the security and well being of the united states (or our homeland). as part of our partnership with cbp, alphabroder will continue to comply with procedures defined by the cbp to ensure safety along the entire portion of the supply chain that we control -- from point of origin to final destination. c-tpat membership will require alphabroder to maintain written processes that are in place with all business partners within our network of service providers as well as all corporate facilities. these security procedures must be verifiable, and alphabroder will be required to demonstrate that our transportation partners are in compliance with cbp standards. some of the major benefits of receiving c-tpat certification include: fewer cargo border inspections of goods, leading to reduced lead times the assignment of an account representative from u.s. customs and border protection to address questions access to u.s. government anti-terrorism seminars, and the sharing of industry best practices additional information about the c-tpat program is available at the u.s. customs and border protection website. » consumer product safety improvement act (cpsia) product safety is a hot topic right now in the consumer products industry and we would like to make you aware of recently enacted legislation that applies to the products alphabroder sells to our customers. the consumer product safety improvement act (cpsia) became law on august 14, 2008 and is applicable to consumer products (including textile wearables and non-wearables) manufactured on and after november 12, 2008. the cpsia requires all importers and domestic manufacturers of apparel and other applicable non-wearable consumer products to issue certificate of conformity for every lot manufactured on or after november 12, 2008. it is important to note that both imported and domestically made products will require coc's. in order to better track and service the increasing requests that we are receiving with regards to product safety, alphabroder has set up a separate email address: [email protected]. the merchandising team will respond to these emails accordingly. view cpsia statements » california prop 65 statements alphabroder has a tradition of conducting its business in an ethical and socially responsible manner that reflects respect for the environment, culture and social impact of communities. as an international business, alphabroder is committed to providing quality, safe products that meet or exceed our customers' expectations. the safe drinking water & toxic enforcement act of 1986, also known as, proposition 65 (prop 65) is a california law that has been in effect since 1986 to promote clean drinking water and keep toxic substances that cause cancer and birth defects out of consumer products. proposition 65 requires the state of california to publish a list of chemicals known to cause cancer or birth defects or other reproductive harm. this list, consisting of a wide range of naturally occurring and synthetic chemicals known to cause cancer or birth defects or other reproductive harm is updated at least once a year and has grown to include more than 900 chemicals since it was first published in 1987. prop 65 law requires that anyone at reasonable risk of exposure to be informed when substances classified as toxins are present. proposition 65 enables californians to make informed decisions about protecting themselves from exposure to these chemicals. it also prohibits california businesses from knowingly discharging significant amounts of listed chemicals into sources of drinking water. view california prop 65 statements » fair labor association since 1999, fla has helped improve the lives of millions of workers around the world. as a collaborative effort of socially responsible companies, colleges and universities, and civil society organizations, fla creates lasting solutions for labor practices by offering tools and resources to companies, delivering training to factory workers and management, conducting due diligence through independent assessments, and advocating for greater accountability and transparency from companies, manufacturers, factories and others involved in global supply chains. fla is a multi-stakeholder initiative that invites participation from all organizations committed to promoting fair labor standards around the world - companies and brands, civil society organizations, colleges and universities, suppliers and manufacturers, conscientious retailers, and others. currently, nearly 200 colleges and universities in the united states and canada work with fla to monitor social compliance and ensure the ethical production of items bearing their marks or logo. fla provides college and university affiliates with the tools they need to be confident that their products are manufactured by companies that are committed to upholding workers' rights in their production facilities. source alphabroder is a category b affiliate of fla and all private brand suppliers are subject to be randomly selected for audit by an fla nominated third party auditing company at any time. view alphabroder's fla certificate » dodd-frank act section 1502  conflict minerals » quality certification alliance alphabroder is a founding member of the quality certification alliance quality assurance | supply chain security | environmental stewardship | product safety | social compliance alphabroder is proud to be one of the only wholesale companies accredited by the quality certification alliance (qca). qca is an independent, non-governmental, not-for-profit accrediting organization for industry suppliers. the industry needs one unified leadership body to develop and uphold merchandise quality and safety standards - qca exists to be this governing organization. qca provides guidelines and a mechanism to test, assess, and verify compliance around complex safety, quality, environmental, and social issues. what does qca mean for wholesale apparel purchasers? qca certification helps protect your brand and reputation by offering compliance with the highest product standards in the market. qca mission qca's mission is to provide the supplier base for the promotional products industry with a common set of third-party standards in an effort to consistently provide safe, high-quality, socially compliant, and environmentally conscious merchandise, while remaining transparent to its distributors, its clients and ultimately the end user. qca was established to uphold the integrity of the member organization's quality standards through a comprehensive, systematic, third-party assessment and accreditation process of members' compliance efforts and achievements. qca is committed to ensuring that merchandise manufactured, imprinted and imported, by member companies conforms to the highest degree of established domestic and international product laws regulations and standards for that product. view certificate connect with usquick linksmarketingmy accounthelp centerdistribution networkexclusivesbasics - real dealsclearanceget to know uscompany overviewcompany overviewcareerspress roomcorporate responsibilitywebsite terms of useterms & conditionsprivacy policywhat we offerdecoration servicessamplescustom websitesdigital loungefashion feedalphabloggercustomer supportcontact usfaqenable accessibilityneed help?© 2020 broder bros., co. all rights reserved.nunder armour99en_us