来源URL: https://web.archive.org/web/20231207050021/https://www.alphabroder.com/privacy-policy
================================================================================

privacy policy | alphabroder toggle navigation login open an account contact us usa usa can eng can fr username: password: login forgot password? apparel t-shirts cotton cvc 50/50 triblend fashion ladies long sleeve moisture wicking tanks v-necks youth sweatshirts & fleece quarter & half zips crewnecks full-zip hood pullover hood youth polos easy care ladies long sleeve moisture wicking workwear woven shirts broadcloth fishing ladies oxford poplin short sleeve twill wrinkle resistant knits & layering blazers knit tops quarter-zips sweaters pants athletic leggings lounge & sleepwear sweats & joggers workwear shorts athletic fashion lingerie & sleepwear workwear outerwear athletic corporate fleece jackets heavyweight ladies lightweight midweight rainwear soft shell vests workwear youth headwear 5-panel 6-panel beanies buckets camo flexfit safety structured trucker unstructured visors youth bags & accessories aprons backpacks blankets chef wear coolers drawstrings duffels messenger & briefcases totes towels other decoration supplies infants & toddlers made in usa tall new apparel hard goods bags & accessories aprons backpacks blankets chef wear coolers drawstrings duffels messenger & briefcases totes towels drinkware beer, wine, spirits bottles mugs straws & accessories tumblers toys & novelties plush stress relievers toys desk & office journals & notebooks note holders padfolios sticky products travel writing instruments health & beauty fans first aid & ppe gel beads hand sanitizer lip balms, lotions, sunscreen tissues home & entertaining flashlights key tags kitchen & entertaining tape measures tools vehicle accessories sports & outdoors chairs fitness pet accessories ponchos sports sunglasses umbrellas technology earbuds & speakers phone holders powerbanks sleeves & cases tech accessories wireless charging kits & gift sets desk & office drinkware fitness headwear technology new hard goods brands exclusive brands core365 devon & jones harriton north end prime line team 365 ultraclub a a4 adams alpine fleece alternative american apparel artisan collection by reprime augusta sportswear authentic pigment b-c bagedge bayside beimar drop ship bella + canvas berne big accessories boxercraft bright shield built burnside carmel towel company champion code five columbia comfort colors comfortwash by hanes core365 craft basics d-g devon & jones dickies doggie skins dri duck econscious emoti extreme fahrenheit flexfit fruit of the loom game time! gemline gildan goofy group h-m hanes hardware harriton headsweats holloway ice shaker igloo j america jack wolfskin jerzees just hoods by awdis kanata blanket lane seven lat leeman liberty bags marmot moptoppers n-s nautica next level apparel north end oad pacific headwear palmetto blanket company prime line pro towels puma golf rabbit skins rubik's russell athletic shaka wear spyder startee sublivie swanky swannies golf t-z tangle creations team 365 threadfast apparel tie-dye towels plus tridri ultraclub under armour us blanks vineyard vines yupoong resource center marketing tools catalogs digital lounge fashion feed retailhq samples sales builder showroom marketing swatch cards generic & custom sites generic & custom sites overview manage custom site - new review custom site quotes priced generic site non-priced generic site product tools in-stock inventory file price lists product data size charts download product images my account apply for an account order history open invoices pay invoices returns favorites saved orders manage tax certificates help center contact us credit application faqs return policy website tips reference events about us alphablogger decoration services integration services mpact primeplus source abroad sustainability deco hub warehouses sale exclusive - supersale basics - real deals clearance high stock apparel t-shirts view all 50/50 cotton fashion ladies long sleeve moisture wicking tanks triblend v-necks youth sweatshirts & fleece view all quarter & half zips full-zips crewnecks full-zip hood pullover hood youth polos view all easy care ladies long sleeve moisture wicking workwear woven shirts view all broadcloth fishing ladies oxford poplin short sleeve twill wrinkle resistant knits & layering view all blazers knit tops quarter-zips sweaters pants view all athletic leggings lounge & sleepwear sweats & joggers workwear shorts view all athletic fashion lingerie & sleepwear workwear outerwear view all athletic corporate fleece jackets heavyweight ladies lightweight midweight rainwear soft shell vests workwear youth headwear view all 5 panel 6 panel beanies buckets camo flexfit safety structured trucker unstructured visors youth bags & accessories view all aprons chef wear backpacks blankets coolers drawstrings duffel totes towels decoration supplies chef wear gloves & scarves face masks ppe --> other infants & toddlers made in usa tall new apparel view all new apparel hard goods bags view all backpacks coolers drawstring bags duffels messenger & briefcases totes towels drinkware view all beer, wine, spirits bottles mugs straws & accessories tumblers toys & novelties view all plush stress relievers toys desk & office view all journals & notebooks note holders padfolios sticky products travel writing instruments health & beauty view all fans first aid & ppe gel beads hand sanitizer lip balms, lotions, sunscreen tissues home & entertaining view all flashlights key tags kitchen & entertaining tape measures tools vehicle accessories sports & outdoors view all fitness pet accessories ponchos sports sunglasses umbrellas technology view all earbuds & speakers phone holders powerbanks sleeves & cases tech accessories wireless charging kits & gift sets view all desk & office drinkware fitness headwear technology new hard goods view all new hard goods brands view all brands exclusive brands core365 devon & jones harriton north end prime line team 365 ultraclub a-b a4 adams alpine fleece alternative alstyle american apparel anvil artisan collection by reprime augusta sportswear authentic pigment bagedge bayside beimar drop ship bella + canvas berne big accessories bright shield built burnside c-d carmel towel company champion code five collegiate cotton columbia comfort colors comfortwash by hanes core365 devon & jones dickies doggie skins dri duck e-j econscious emoti extreme fahrenheit flexfit fruit of the loom gametime gemline gildan goofy group hanes hardware harriton headsweats holloway ice shaker igloo j. america jack wolfskin jerzees just hoods by awdis k-p kanata blanket lane seven lat leeman liberty bags marmot moptoppers nautica next level apparel north end oad pacific headwear palmetto blanket company prime line pro towels puma golf q-s rabbit skins rubiks russell athletic shaka wear spyder startee sublivie swanky swannies golf t-z tangle creations team 365 threadfast apparel tie-dye towels plus tridri ultraclub under armour us blanks vineyard vines yupoong resource center services marketing tools catalogs digital lounge fashion feed retailhq samples sales builder showroom marketing swatch cards generic & custom sites generic & custom sites overview manage custom site - new review custom site quotes priced generic site non-priced generic site product tools in-stock inventory file price lists product data size charts my account apply for an account manage account order history open invoices pay invoices returns favorites saved orders manage tax certificates help center contact us credit application faqs return policy website tips reference events about us alphablogger decoration services integration services mpact primeplus source abroad sustainability deco hub warehouses sale exclusive - supersale basics - real deals clearance high-stock high-stock log in join us contact us usa usa can eng can fr privacy policy last revised october 27, 2023 please read this privacy policy and the related terms and conditions carefully before using this website. privacy menu introduction personal information we collect how we use your personal information how we share your personal information how we use cookies and targeted advertising information you publicly disclose security external links international users your choices children notice to california residents revisions to privacy policy contact us introduction this site (as defined herein) is operated by alphabroder on its own behalf or in combination with one of its affiliates (collectively referred to herein, solely for ease of reference, as alphabroder, us or we). this privacy policy (privacy policy) applies to your use of our website located at www.alphabroder.com and any other online and mobile websites, blogs and interactive applications operated by alphabroder that are related to www.alphabroder.com (collectively, the site) (unless a different policy is provided on a particular site or application, in which case such different policy shall control). this privacy policy also applies to any personal information we collect about you in any context offline, including if you call us, live chat with us or interact with us at a trade show or similar event. please note that this privacy policy does not apply to any information you may disclose publicly through your use of the design studio or custom website tool this privacy policy covers how we may collect, use and disclose your personal information; the choices you have regarding our use of your personal information; and how to contact us regarding our privacy practices. please read this privacy policy carefully. the terms and conditions for this site are posted separately and incorporated herein by this reference. personal information we collect we may collect personal information about you directly from you, automatically through our site or from third-parties. for purposes of this privacy policy, personal information is information that identifies, relates to, describes, is reasonably capable of being associated with, or could reasonably be linked, directly or indirectly, with you or your household, such as your name, email address, ip address, telephone number, and broader categories of information such as your commercial information. the categories of personal information we collect about you depend on your interactions and engagement with us. personal information we collect directly from you we may collect personal information directly from you when you purchase a product through our site or over the phone, create an account on our site, call customer service, register to receive our offers, live chat with us, request a catalog, sign up for an event or webinar, interact with us at a trade show or similar event, participate in any contests, sweepstakes and/or other promotions or otherwise choose to provide personal information to us. we may collect the following personal information directly from you: direct identifiers, such as your name, email address, phone number, tax identification number, account username and password and other similar information. personal records, such as your phone number, fax number, bank account information and payment card number and related information to process payments. commercial information, such as the products you purchase or receive from us, your shipping address, your billing address and information you provide in connection with your order. other personal information, such as other information you provide to us, including information you provide when you seek our assistance purchasing products or send us an email. some forms on the site may require that you provide certain personal information to submit the form. you may choose not to provide personal information in those cases but this may prevent you from being able to use certain features of our site. personal information we collect automatically we may automatically collect personal information about you when you access, interact with, or use our site or promotional emails. to automatically collect personal information about you, we use automated means such as cookies, pixels, beacons, invisible tags, and other similar tracking technologies (collectively "cookies"). these typically involve pieces of information or code that a website transfers to or accesses from your computer hard drive or mobile device to store and sometimes track information about you. we have included below a description of the information we may automatically collect from you with these cookies: ·  direct identifiers, such as your ip address, and your registered domain or home server. ·  geolocation data, such as physical location or movements. when we collect your ip address, we may infer location such as city or postcode therefrom. ·  your device and browser information, such as information about your browser type, device used to access our site, operating system and data regarding network-connected hardware (e.g., computer or mobile device). we also may determine the applicable technology available in order to serve you the most appropriate version of a web page, e-mail, advertising or promotional announcement or similar service. ·  internet or other electronic network activity information, such as you session identification number, search terms, search results, access times, software crash reports, and referring website’s addresses ·  detailed information about your usage of our site, such as your date of access, time of access, clickstream to, through, and from our services (including dates and times), products you viewed, searched for, added to your cart, or added to your wishlist, which links you click on, which pages or content you view and for how long, and other similar data and statistics about your interactions, such as length of visits to certain pages, page response times, and download errors. we may also visually record your interactions with our website, including your mouse clicks, mouse-overs, scrolling, keystrokes, and navigation through our site. ·  interaction with promotional emails, such as whether you clicked on an email from us. for more information about the individual cookies and the methods that may be used on our site to automatically collect information please refer to the how we use cookies and targeted advertising section below and our cookie policy. personal information we collect from others we may obtain personal information about you from other sources, including trade groups such as ppai and asi. we may obtain the following personal information about you from others: ·  personal records, such as whether you are a member of the promotional products industry. personal information of job applicants if you apply for a position through one of our job postings, we collect the personal information you voluntarily provide to us, including your name, email address, telephone number and resume. we use this personal information solely to assess your qualifications, to contact you regarding the application process and to manage your application: how we use your personal information we may use your personal information to: provide you products and services; improve our site and our products and services; communicate with you and send you marketing communications; maintain the security of our site; and comply with our legal obligations and respond to legal proceedings. provide you products and services: we use your personal information, such as your contact information, payment card information and order information, to provide you products and services you request, including to process your transactions and payments and fulfill your orders, create and administer your account and communicate with you and provide you customer service in relation to the products and services you request. we also use your personal information, such as information about the products you order, to continue to improve our product and service offerings. improve our site and our products and services: in order to improve your experience on our site and the functionality of our site, we use your personal information to analyze how the site is being accessed and used. to improve our products and services, and continue to provide you products that you are interested in, we may use your personal information to track customer activity and the products that you are purchasing. we may also use your personal information to evaluate attendance at trade shows and interest in our products. communicate with you and send you marketing communications. we may communicate with you about your orders or your account, provide you transaction confirmations, payment alerts or other service or product related messages via mail, email, fax, or sms text message, but only if you expressly consent and opt-in to receiving such sms text messages for such purposes. we may also use your personal information to send you promotional communications or targeted online advertising about products and services we believe may be of interest to you. we may send communications via e-mail, regular mail, or sms text message, but only if you expressly consent and opt-in to receiving such sms text messages for such purposes. maintain the security of our site: to maintain the security and integrity of our site, we use your personal information to detect security incidents, protect our site against fraudulent and illegal activity and enforce our terms and condition. comply with our legal obligations and respond to legal proceedings: we use your personal information to comply with our legal, regulatory and risk management obligations, including maintaining records of our compliance with federal and state law requirements. we may also use your personal information to establish, exercise or defend legal claims. how we use cookies and targeted advertising our use of cookies. as explained above, we use cookies to automatically collect data from you and your devices when you use our site. cookies enable you to be remembered when using a specific computer or device to interact with websites and online services and can be used to manage a range of features and content as well as storing searches and presenting personalized content. certain cookies also enhance our ability to serve you targeted advertising on websites and platforms other than our site. the types of cookies we use can be classified as follows: essential cookies. these cookies are required for the operation of our site. they include, for example, cookies that enable you to log into secure areas of our site, use a shopping cart, or make use of e-billing services. personalization cookies. these cookies are used to recognize you when you return to our site and provide enhanced functionality. this enables us to personalize our content, and remember your preferences for example, your choice of language or region. analytics cookies. these cookies allow us to recognize and count the number of users and to see how users move around our site. this helps us to improve the way our site works, for example, by ensuring that users are finding what they are looking for easily. this also helps us determine if there are any technical issues or errors with the site. targeted advertising cookies. these cookies record your visit to our site, the pages you have visited and the links you have followed. we will use this information to make our site and our advertising more relevant to your interests (as further set forth below). we may also disclose this information to third parties for this purpose. unless you opt out of our cookies or change your cookies preferences (as described below), by using our site you consent to the use of cookies to automatically collect data from and about you. if you opt out of our cookies, the only cookies we will place on your session are those that are essential for the operation of our site. several cookies we use last only for the duration of your session and expire when you close your browser. others are used to remember you when you return to our site and will last longer. cookie preferences. you may change your cookie preferences at any time to prevent the further collection of your information through the personalization, analytics, or targeted advertising cookies on the site. cookie settings on the site. use the cookie preferences link at the bottom of our site to turn on or off the different categories of cookies. your selection will be remembered on the specific device or browser you are using until you clear cookies. browser settings. most web browsers automatically accept cookies, but if you prefer, you can change your browser settings to prevent cookies. how you can do this will depend on the browser you use (see your browser help screen for details). you may not be able to take full advantage of our site if you disable certain cookies. the effect of disabling cookies depends on which cookies you disable but in general, the site may not operate properly if all cookies are switched off. depending on your jurisdiction, we may separately prompt you regarding our use of cookies on the site. our use of targeted advertising. we use online advertising to keep you aware of our brand and help you to find and see our products. we partner with platforms such as google, meta, and similar digital advertising partners. targeted advertising cookies help us and the advertising partners we work with gather information about the content you visit on our site and other websites. this may result in you seeing our banners and ads when you are on other websites, apps and social media platforms. we may also target ads using personal information we have collected when you create an account on the site. social media and internet platforms. we may disclose certain pseudo-anonymized (hashed) portions of your personal information and use of our site to social media and internet platforms. if you have an account on one of these platforms, you may be shown our marketing messages while you are using the social media or internet platform. additionally, certain functionalities on our site may permit interactions that you initiate between the site and these social media and internet platforms ("social features"). examples of these social features include features enabling you to like or share our content and features. if you use social features, and potentially other third-party services, information you post or provide access to may be publicly displayed by the third-party service you use. targeted advertising preferences. you may opt-out of us using your personal information for targeted advertising by changing your cookie preferences. use the "cookie preferences" link at the bottom of our site and toggle the "targeted advertising" button to the left so that it is turned off. you can also go to the "do not sell or share my personal information" in the cookie preferences center and toggle that button to the right to opt-out of all targeted advertising cookies and any other selling or sharing of your personal information with third parties. if you are using a web browser with global privacy control enabled, we will recognize that signal as a request to opt-out of targeted advertising cookies, just as if you had turned off targeted advertising cookies in the cookie preferences center. how we share your personal information we may share your personal information under the following circumstances: with your consent or at your direction: we will share your personal information with entities outside of alphabroder when we have your consent to do so or it is done at your direction. within broder bros., co.: we may share personal information with other divisions within broder bros., co. third parties providing services on our behalf: we may engage third parties to perform services in connection with the operation of our business or website. examples of these services include: (a) content providers, (b) product customization, (c) marketing and promotional material distribution, (d) website evaluation and analytics, (e) data collection, storage, management, analysis and, where applicable, cleansing, (f) freight companies; and (g) any other services designed to assist us in maximizing our business potential. we may share personal information with these third parties to the extent it is needed to perform their duties and functions. alphabroder security: we may share personal information when legally required to do so, at the request of governmental authorities conducting an investigation or to verify or enforce compliance with the policies governing our site and applicable laws. we may also disclose personal information whenever we believe disclosure is necessary to protect the rights, property or safety of alphabroder, or any of our respective affiliates, business partners, customers or others. online marketing and advertising partners: we may share personal and other information with third-party online marketing and advertising partners or permit these partners to collect information from you directly on our sites to personalize online advertising. promotions: if you choose to enter a contest, sweepstakes or promotion, your personal information may be disclosed to third parties in connection with such promotion, including without limitation for purposes of posting your entry with attribution or otherwise as permitted in the official rules for the promotion in question, fulfilling your prize or including your name on a winners list. also, by entering a promotion, we may require you to consent to the use of your personal information, such as name, voice or likeness, in advertising, promotional and marketing materials. in addition, we may offer certain promotional content, such as a sweepstakes, sponsored by or co-branded with a third party, who may obtain the personal information that you submit. trade groups: we may share your personal information with trade groups such as ppai and asi in order to verify that a potential customer is a member of the promotional products industry. corporate change: we reserve the right to disclose, share and/or otherwise transfer personal information, including personal information collected through the site, in connection with a corporate merger, acquisition, consolidation, the sale of a portion of our business or the sale of substantially all of alphabroder’s assets, or other fundamental corporate change, whatever form it may take, including as part of the negotiations or diligence of such transaction. in addition, if any bankruptcy, liquidation or reorganization proceeding is brought by or against us, such information may be considered an asset of ours and may be sold or transferred to third parties. information you publicly disclose the site may permit you to post or submit content publicly such as if you comment on a blog post or provide a review or testimonial. if you choose to submit content containing personal information to any public area of the online services, your content will be accessible by anyone, including us. we encourage you to exercise caution when making decisions about what you disclose in such public areas. security we maintain technical and organizational measures to protect your personal information against loss, theft, misuse and unauthorized access, disclosure, alteration and destruction. nevertheless, transmission via the internet and online digital storage are not completely secure and we cannot guarantee the security of your personal information collected through the site. any information you provide us is at your own risk. we cannot guarantee that such information will not be lost, accessed without authorization, disclosed, altered or destroyed. external links our site may contain links to, or advertisements about, non-alphabroder websites. other websites may also reference, advertise, or link to our site. we do not endorse or sponsor other websites, are not responsible for the privacy practices or the content of non-alphabroder sites, expressly disclaim any statements or assertions made on such websites, and deny all liability associated with your use of, and the content on, such other websites and advertisements. please be advised that the practices described in this privacy policy do not apply to information gathered through other websites. we encourage you to be aware of when you leave this site and to read the privacy policies of each and every website that you visit. international users if you are visiting this site from outside the united states, please be aware that alphabroder is based in the united states and the information we collect will be processed and stored on our servers in the united states. the data protection laws and regulations applicable to your personal information transferred to the united states may be different from the laws in your country of residence. your choices unsubscribe from promotional emails you may unsubscribe from receiving promotional emails from this site by clicking on an unsubscribe hyperlink contained in promotional emails we send you. additionally you may send us a message requesting to unsubscribe using our contact us page. please be aware that we will process your request as quickly as we reasonably can, but it may not be possible to update our systems immediately. because customer lists often are prepared well in advance of an offering (sometimes a few months before the offer is made), you may continue to receive some offers after you send us a request not to use your information for specified marketing purposes. we appreciate your patience and understanding in giving us time to carry out your request. opt-out of receiving sms text messages you may opt-out of receiving sms text messages from us at anytime by replying with the word "stop" to any sms text message we send you. we will send you a final text message to confirm that you have been opted-out of receiving sms text messages from us. you can also opt-out of receiving sms text messages from us by texting the word "stop" to +1(833) 923-1378 at anytime to stop receiving text messages, and we will send you a final text message to confirm that you have opted-out of receiving sms text messages. if you wish to stop receiving promotional and marketing text messages only, but still want to receive sms text messages about your order and shipment status, you can manage those preferences from the "communications preferences" tab of your online alpha broder account. standard text message and data rates apply. not all carriers covered. void where prohibited. how to change your cookie preferences you may change your cookie preferences at any time to prevent the further collection of your information through the personalization, analytics, or targeted advertising cookies on the site. cookie settings on the site. use the cookie preferences link at the bottom of our site to turn on or off the different categories of cookies. your selection will be remembered on the specific device or browser you are using until you clear cookies.browser settings. most web browsers automatically accept cookies, but if you prefer, you can change your browser settings to prevent cookies. how you can do this will depend on the browser you use (see your browser help screen for details). you can learn more about cookies and how to block cookies on different types of browsers by visiting http://www.allaboutcookies.org. also, tools from commercial browsers may not be effective with regard to flash cookies (also known as locally shared objects), html5 cookies or other tracking technologies. for information on disabling flash cookies, visit http://www.macromedia.com/support/documentation/en/flashplayer/help/settings_manager07.html. please be aware that if you disable, remove, or reject certain cookies and tracking technologies, some parts of our site may not work. when you revisit our site, your ability to limit browser-based tracking technologies is subject to your browser settings and limitations. global privacy control and do not track signals if you are using a web browser with global privacy control enabled, we will recognize that signal as a request to opt-out of targeted advertising cookies, just as if you had turned off targeted advertising cookies in the cookie preferences center. your web browser may permit you to enable the global privacy control or may also allow you to transmit a do not track signal when you visit various websites. our site is configured through our third party cookie manager to recognize the global privacy control signal and respond to do not track signals received from browsers. these are recognized as a request to opt-out of targeted advertising cookies, just as if you had turned off targeted advertising cookies in the cookie preferences center. opt-out of targeted advertising you may opt-out of us using your personal information for targeted advertising by changing your cookie preferences. use the "cookie preferences" link at the bottom of our site and toggle the "targeted advertising" button to the left so that it is turned off. you can also go to the "do not sell or share my personal information" in the cookie preferences center and toggle that button to the right to opt-out of all targeted advertising cookies and any other selling or sharing of your personal information with third parties. you can also generally opt-out of receiving targeted ads from third-party advertisers and ad networks who are members of the network advertising initiative (nai) by visiting http://optout.networkadvertising.org. you may also opt-out of receiving targeted advertisements from other companies that perform interest-based advertising services via the digital advertising alliance (daa) site at http://optout.aboutads.info/. please note that when using the ad industry opt-out tools described above you may need to execute optouts for each browser or device that you use. opting out of targeted advertising does not mean you will no longer see advertising online but it does mean that the companies from which you opt-out will no longer show ads that have been tailored to your interests. children this website is not directed toward children under 18 years of age nor do we knowingly collect information from children under 18. if you are under 18, please do not submit any personal information to us on the site. notice to california residents california residents have the privacy rights listed below. the rights granted under the california consumer privacy act and shine the light are not the same. to exercise your rights, you will need to follow the directions that are specific to each law. california consumer privacy act (ccpa) please note that the ccpa provides certain exceptions with respect to the personal information that we collect in connection with providing products or services to other businesses or when receiving products or services from our suppliers. similarly, it does not apply to information we collect in the context of a person’s role as a job applicant, employee or contractor of alphabroder. with respect to the personal information collected in connection with the above individuals or circumstances, you may not have any or all of the privacy rights listed below. collection, use and disclosure of your personal information in the past 12 months the ccpa requires that we make certain disclosures about our general collection, use and disclosure of personal information over the past 12 months. accordingly, in the past 12 months: we collected the categories of personal information from the sources and for purposes detailed in personal information we collect and how we use your personal information above. we did not sell any personal information, and we will not sell any personal information in the future, as we understand this term based on the ccpa and its implementing regulations. we disclosed to the entities described in how we share your personal information, the following categories of personal information: direct identifiers and commercial information. you have the right to request to know more specific disclosures about your personal information as detailed under request to know below. california privacy rights california residents may have the following privacy rights: request to know. you have the right to request to know: (i) the specific pieces of personal information we have collected about you; (ii) the categories of personal information we have collected about you in the past 12 months; (iii) the categories of sources from which that personal information was collected; (iv) the categories of your personal information that we sold or disclosed in the past 12 months; (v) the categories of third parties to whom your personal information was sold or disclosed in the past 12 months; and (vi) the purpose for collecting and selling your personal information. you may exercise your right to request to know twice a year, free of charge. please note, in response to a request to know, we are prohibited from disclosing your social security number, driver’s license number or other government-issued identification number, financial account number, any health insurance or medical identification number, an account password or security questions and answers. request to delete. you have the right to request that we delete the personal information that we have collected from you. we may deny your request under certain circumstances, such as if we need to comply with our legal obligations or complete a transaction for which your personal information was collected. if we deny your request to delete, we will let you know the reason why. right to non-discrimination. if you choose to exercise any of these rights, we will not discriminate against you in any way. if you exercise certain rights, understand that you may be unable to use or access certain features of our site or services. to make a request to know or a request to delete, call us at 1-800-523-4585 or email us your request at [email protected]. we will take steps to verify your identity before processing your request to know or request to delete. we will not fulfill your request unless you have provided sufficient information for us to reasonably verify you are the individual about whom we collected personal information. if you have an account with us, we will use our existing account authentication practices to verify your identity. if you do not have an account with us, we may request additional information about you so that we can verify your identity. we will only use the personal information you provide to verify your identity and to process your request, unless you initially provided the information for another purpose. you may use an authorized agent to submit a request to know or a request to delete. when we verify your agent’s request, we may verify both your and your agent’s identity and request a signed document from you that authorizes your agent to make the request on your behalf. to protect your personal information, we reserve the right to deny a request from an agent that does not submit proof that they have been authorized by you to act on your behalf. shine the light california residents are entitled once a year to request and obtain certain information regarding our disclosure, if any, of personal information to third parties for the third party’s own direct marketing purposes during the immediately prior calendar year. to request this information, please contact us at [email protected] or by postal mail sent to: alphabroder, attn: general counsel, six neshaminy interplex, sixth floor, trevose, pa 19053. your inquiry must specify shine the light request in the subject line of the email or the first line of the letter, and include your name, street address, city, state and zip code. revisions to privacy policy we reserve the right, in our sole discretion, to modify, update, add to, discontinue, remove or otherwise change any portion of this privacy policy, in whole or in part, at any time. when we amend this privacy policy, we will revise the last revised date located at the top of this privacy policy. for changes to this privacy policy that we consider to be material, we will place a notice on the alphabroder website located at www.alphabroder.com by revising the link to read substantially as updated privacy policy for a reasonable amount of time. the most current version of this privacy policy will be available on the site and will supersede all previous versions of this privacy policy. contact us if you have any questions about this privacy statement or our other information practices, please contact us at: email address: ccpa @alphabroder.com phone number: 1-800-523-4585 broder bros., co. dba alphabroder attn: general counsel six neshaminy interplex trevose, pa 19053 × do not show this message again my account apply for an account manage account invoices and statements manage tax certificates returns © 2023 broder bros., co. all rights reserved. about us our story - icare careers corporate responsibility press room privacy policy cookie policy cookie preferences terms & conditions quick links digital lounge catalogs custom websites decoration warehouses alphablogger help center contact us faq accessibility statement enable accessibility sitemap xml sitemap © 2023 broder bros., co. all rights reserved. cancelyou have not entered a valid day.you have not entered a valid month.you have not entered a valid year.you have entered an invalid date.you must enter a date.the entered date is too high.the entered date is too low.please enter a word or phrase to search for.okunautorized access