来源URL: https://web.archive.org/web/20231207050021/https://www.alphabroder.com/faq
================================================================================

custom wholesale clothing design online - wholesale custom apparel faq | alphabroder toggle navigation login open an account contact us usa usa can eng can fr username: password: login forgot password? apparel t-shirts cotton cvc 50/50 triblend fashion ladies long sleeve moisture wicking tanks v-necks youth sweatshirts & fleece quarter & half zips crewnecks full-zip hood pullover hood youth polos easy care ladies long sleeve moisture wicking workwear woven shirts broadcloth fishing ladies oxford poplin short sleeve twill wrinkle resistant knits & layering blazers knit tops quarter-zips sweaters pants athletic leggings lounge & sleepwear sweats & joggers workwear shorts athletic fashion lingerie & sleepwear workwear outerwear athletic corporate fleece jackets heavyweight ladies lightweight midweight rainwear soft shell vests workwear youth headwear 5-panel 6-panel beanies buckets camo flexfit safety structured trucker unstructured visors youth bags & accessories aprons backpacks blankets chef wear coolers drawstrings duffels messenger & briefcases totes towels other decoration supplies infants & toddlers made in usa tall new apparel hard goods bags & accessories aprons backpacks blankets chef wear coolers drawstrings duffels messenger & briefcases totes towels drinkware beer, wine, spirits bottles mugs straws & accessories tumblers toys & novelties plush stress relievers toys desk & office journals & notebooks note holders padfolios sticky products travel writing instruments health & beauty fans first aid & ppe gel beads hand sanitizer lip balms, lotions, sunscreen tissues home & entertaining flashlights key tags kitchen & entertaining tape measures tools vehicle accessories sports & outdoors chairs fitness pet accessories ponchos sports sunglasses umbrellas technology earbuds & speakers phone holders powerbanks sleeves & cases tech accessories wireless charging kits & gift sets desk & office drinkware fitness headwear technology new hard goods brands exclusive brands core365 devon & jones harriton north end prime line team 365 ultraclub a a4 adams alpine fleece alternative american apparel artisan collection by reprime augusta sportswear authentic pigment b-c bagedge bayside beimar drop ship bella + canvas berne big accessories boxercraft bright shield built burnside carmel towel company champion code five columbia comfort colors comfortwash by hanes core365 craft basics d-g devon & jones dickies doggie skins dri duck econscious emoti extreme fahrenheit flexfit fruit of the loom game time! gemline gildan goofy group h-m hanes hardware harriton headsweats holloway ice shaker igloo j america jack wolfskin jerzees just hoods by awdis kanata blanket lane seven lat leeman liberty bags marmot moptoppers n-s nautica next level apparel north end oad pacific headwear palmetto blanket company prime line pro towels puma golf rabbit skins rubik's russell athletic shaka wear spyder startee sublivie swanky swannies golf t-z tangle creations team 365 threadfast apparel tie-dye towels plus tridri ultraclub under armour us blanks vineyard vines yupoong resource center marketing tools catalogs digital lounge fashion feed retailhq samples sales builder showroom marketing swatch cards generic & custom sites generic & custom sites overview manage custom site - new review custom site quotes priced generic site non-priced generic site product tools in-stock inventory file price lists product data size charts download product images my account apply for an account order history open invoices pay invoices returns favorites saved orders manage tax certificates help center contact us credit application faqs return policy website tips reference events about us alphablogger decoration services integration services mpact primeplus source abroad sustainability deco hub warehouses sale exclusive - supersale basics - real deals clearance high stock apparel t-shirts view all 50/50 cotton fashion ladies long sleeve moisture wicking tanks triblend v-necks youth sweatshirts & fleece view all quarter & half zips full-zips crewnecks full-zip hood pullover hood youth polos view all easy care ladies long sleeve moisture wicking workwear woven shirts view all broadcloth fishing ladies oxford poplin short sleeve twill wrinkle resistant knits & layering view all blazers knit tops quarter-zips sweaters pants view all athletic leggings lounge & sleepwear sweats & joggers workwear shorts view all athletic fashion lingerie & sleepwear workwear outerwear view all athletic corporate fleece jackets heavyweight ladies lightweight midweight rainwear soft shell vests workwear youth headwear view all 5 panel 6 panel beanies buckets camo flexfit safety structured trucker unstructured visors youth bags & accessories view all aprons chef wear backpacks blankets coolers drawstrings duffel totes towels decoration supplies chef wear gloves & scarves face masks ppe --> other infants & toddlers made in usa tall new apparel view all new apparel hard goods bags view all backpacks coolers drawstring bags duffels messenger & briefcases totes towels drinkware view all beer, wine, spirits bottles mugs straws & accessories tumblers toys & novelties view all plush stress relievers toys desk & office view all journals & notebooks note holders padfolios sticky products travel writing instruments health & beauty view all fans first aid & ppe gel beads hand sanitizer lip balms, lotions, sunscreen tissues home & entertaining view all flashlights key tags kitchen & entertaining tape measures tools vehicle accessories sports & outdoors view all fitness pet accessories ponchos sports sunglasses umbrellas technology view all earbuds & speakers phone holders powerbanks sleeves & cases tech accessories wireless charging kits & gift sets view all desk & office drinkware fitness headwear technology new hard goods view all new hard goods brands view all brands exclusive brands core365 devon & jones harriton north end prime line team 365 ultraclub a-b a4 adams alpine fleece alternative alstyle american apparel anvil artisan collection by reprime augusta sportswear authentic pigment bagedge bayside beimar drop ship bella + canvas berne big accessories bright shield built burnside c-d carmel towel company champion code five collegiate cotton columbia comfort colors comfortwash by hanes core365 devon & jones dickies doggie skins dri duck e-j econscious emoti extreme fahrenheit flexfit fruit of the loom gametime gemline gildan goofy group hanes hardware harriton headsweats holloway ice shaker igloo j. america jack wolfskin jerzees just hoods by awdis k-p kanata blanket lane seven lat leeman liberty bags marmot moptoppers nautica next level apparel north end oad pacific headwear palmetto blanket company prime line pro towels puma golf q-s rabbit skins rubiks russell athletic shaka wear spyder startee sublivie swanky swannies golf t-z tangle creations team 365 threadfast apparel tie-dye towels plus tridri ultraclub under armour us blanks vineyard vines yupoong resource center services marketing tools catalogs digital lounge fashion feed retailhq samples sales builder showroom marketing swatch cards generic & custom sites generic & custom sites overview manage custom site - new review custom site quotes priced generic site non-priced generic site product tools in-stock inventory file price lists product data size charts my account apply for an account manage account order history open invoices pay invoices returns favorites saved orders manage tax certificates help center contact us credit application faqs return policy website tips reference events about us alphablogger decoration services integration services mpact primeplus source abroad sustainability deco hub warehouses sale exclusive - supersale basics - real deals clearance high-stock high-stock log in join us contact us usa usa can eng can fr frequently asked questions curious about working with alphabroder? need assistance with our website? we are here to help! below are answers to customers' most commonly asked questions. if you aren't able to find what you need here, our friendly customer service team is just a call (800) 523-4585 or message away. general questions my account and user roles how do i register for an account with alphabroder? you can register an account on our website here. you will be asked to select your company or organization type, and to complete a registration form. read the terms and conditions carefully. once you have read this information, if you have the authority to function as your company's access administrator then hit the "i agree" button and complete the registration form. if your company is already registered and you want your own username and password, please contact your company's account administrator. if you do not know who that person is, please call alphabroder customer service at (800) 523-4585. how do i log in and why do i need to do so? you may log in from any page of our website at the top right corner. to help protect our customers, alphabroder doesn't display pricing or sell products to the public. logging into our website is required to see item pricing, make purchases, and to access marketing tools and information available exclusively to our customers. what is an account administrator and why do i need one? companies who have multiple people accessing alphabroder.com to do business should identify an account administrator. this account administrator is responsible for granting and retracting alphabroder.com login privileges to its employees. the account administrator also determines the level of privileges each employee shall have within the website (inventory checking, ordering, etc.). it is also the account administrator's responsibility to retract alphabroder.com login privileges should an employee be terminated. until the acount administrator disables the employee's login, that person may continue to order products and incur charges for the account. how do i add or delete users to my account? to add users to your alphabroder.com account, go to "my account, then "manage web users." select "create new user" to create a new user. to edit or delete users, select the dropdown users list, find assigned login email and click edit or delete. what roles and permissions are available on the alphabroder website? companies with multiple people access alphabroder.com may want to specify different user roles for those people according to their business needs. the account administrator can specify a user role for each additional contact added to the account. there are four user roles on our website, with permissions as follows: user role permissions manage users pay invoices view invoices place orders search products and pricing see order status/history see favorites see address book administrator ✔ ✔ ✔ ✔ ✔ ✔ ✔ ✔ purchasing agent ✔ ✔ ✔ ✔ ✔ sales agent ✔ ✔ ✔ dealer agent ✔ ✔ how do i change access privileges for my employees? if you are an account administrator, you can change privileges for your employees under my account > manage web users. if you do not have administrator access, ask your administrator for assistance or call alphabroder's web support division at (800) 523-4585 select option 6. what is the correct process for notifiying alphabroder of an address or name change? customers with net terms must submit a written request for an address/phone change or company name change on official company letterhead by email or fax. faxes can be sent to the fcredit department at (215) 291-9497 or emailed to [email protected]. cod accounts can call customer service at (800) 523-4585. what kind of special pricing does alphabroder offer? alphabroder offers special pricing to customers in a few ways: alphabroder offers free freight on blank orders over $200.00 shipped via alphabroder's preferred ground carrier within the contiguous united states. this includes split shipments. items designated 'close-out' are not eligible for free freight. sample products are offered at discounted prices to our customers, see our samples page for more information. customers can recieve substantial savings on select products via real deals, supersale and clearance pricing. see the "sale" option in the website navigation for a complete list of products and savings. established customers may request information on high-volume quotes by contacting the support team listed on their dashboard. password help what should i do if i forget my password? you can reset your password from the login page of our website. enter your username select "forgot password" to recieve an email with instructions to reset your password. what should i do if i forget my username? if you forgot your username, your account administrator can access it for you under my account > manage web users. if you still can't retrieve your username, you can call alphabroder customer service at (800) 523-4585 for assistance. security how does alphabroder maintain security on the website? security is our highest priority. alphabroder uses several sophisticated measures to maintain security. these measures will allow us to track misuse of our website, which will not be tolerated and is subject to account expulsion. placing orders how can i check the status of my order? visit your account and view your order history to see the status of any order. where do i enter a coupon code? enter your code into the coupon field during the checkout process and select "apply coupon". how do i save orders? in your cart you may save an order by entering a unique name in the "order name" field at the bottom of the cart and then selecting the "save order" button. note that orders with decorated products cannot be saved at this time. i often order the same items. can i duplicate past orders? yes. when you login, go to my account > order status. select the "copy order" button to the right of the order you want to duplicate and select "yes". this will add the items to your cart. note that orders with decorated products cannot be duplicated online at this time. why can't i place an order? each account administrator can determine which employees can place orders and can adjust these settings on the account's behalf. if your login has not been given order-placing privileges, you will not be able to place an order. please check with your account administrator to confirm your web login status. do we have a minimum order requirement? there is no minimum order requirement for blank apparel. the minimum order requirements for hard goods and decorated products are indicated on our website product pages. can i personally pick up my order at a warehouse? all blank apparel orders except drop shipments may be picked up at any of our distribution centers across the country. please allow 2 hours from the time you place your order for all blank apparel items. you may only pay for your order with credit cards or as per your account terms as we cannot accept cash payments for pick-up orders. pick up is not available for drop shipments, decorated apparel or hard goods orders at this time. how do i order from a specific warehouse or distribution center? when ordering online, you may order stock from a specific warehouse by using the ordering grid on each product page. once you are on the checkout screen, you may select "customer pickup" from the drop-down menu in the "shipping method" section. confirm that the warehouse you selected stock from is the location you want to pick up your order from. drop shipment orders may not be picked up at a distribution center, they must be delivered. can i fax an order? fax orders are accepted 24 hours a day at (800) 845-4970. can i place a back-order online? no. although alphabroder does allow for back-orders, we do not accept these online currently. our customer service department or your alphabroder sales representative would be delighted to assist you should you wish to place a back-order. please note quoted pricing cannot be applied to back-orders. can i make changes or cancel my order? please contact us with requests for order changes or cancellation as soon as possible. a decoration order may not be cancelled once the order has been approved. cancellations received after a blank order has already been picked and/or shipped are subject to a 15% restocking fee, see terms and conditions for more information. can i place a decorated order online? yes. orders for decorated products can be placed online. we are pleased to offer decoration services across our complete assortment of hard goods and apparel. minimum order requirements apply and vary by product, these requirements are displayed on the product pages of our website. please visit our decoration services to learn more about the servies we offer and how to order. how do i know that alphabroder has received my decoration order? decoration orders placed online will receive a confirmation email immediately after their order is placed. for orders submitted via email, our team will respond with email confirmation after your order has been received and processed. please read these messages carefully and contact us immediately if corrections and/or changes are necessary. returns what is alphabroder's return policy? please click here for our complete return policy. can i make a return at a warehouse? no. we do not accept returns in person at our distribution centers. returns are accepted only by mail, please see our complete return policy for more information. inventory how will inventory be reported? inventory quantities are displayed online for every product on our website. to see inventory for specific colors, select the color from the product detail page and the order entry grid will refresh to show all warehouses with available inventory. the first warehouse on the list will usually be the one closest to your account address but you can order from any distribution center. you may want to order from another warehouse, particularly if your drop-ship address is closer to on our other distribution centers. each warehouse shows available sizes, your price, and the available quantities for that product. i need to place a large order; how will i know if there is enough inventory for my order? you can see inventory across alphabroder's entire network on each product page of our website. if stock to meet your needs is not available from a single warehouse, you may order stock from multiple distribution centers. this is referred to as a split shipment. at checkout, you will be able to identify separate methods for each warehouse from which you order. is inventory held for me as soon as i place an order in my cart? no. inventory is not allocated to your order until your order is submitted. at order submission, we will re-check inventory to confirm that the quantities you requested are still available. should the inventory have changed and the quantity you originally requested no longer be available, you will be asked to re-enter a new quantity or to select a substitute item. how do i see real-time inventory? the inventory on our website, including generic sites, is always up-to-date and accurate with our real-time inventory. to see inventory for specific colors, select the color from the product detail page and the order entry grid will refresh to show all warehouses with available inventory. the first warehouse on the list will usually be the one closest to your account address but you can order from any distribution center. you may want to order from another warehouse, particuularly if your drop-ship address is closer to one of our other dcs. each warehouse shows available sizes, your price and the available quantities for that product. shipping how do i select my shipping address? at checkout, you can either select a previously saved address from the dropdown menu or select "new shipping address" to add a new address. you can also select your shippping address at the product detail page by selecting "other shipping address". a third way to manage your addresses is by going to my account > address book. here you can edit, add or delete addresses associated with your account. what are alphabroder's general shipping policies? orders are primarily shipped via ups ground or common carrier, but shipping method can also be determined by the customer's request. for orders placed before 5pm local time, we will work to make sure that they ship the same day but cut off times vary for different carriers and methods such as line hauls. when placing an order through our website, you may select our optimization program to consolidate orders if you wish during the checkout process. alphabroder offers free freight on blank orders over $200.00 shipped via alphabroder's preferred ground carrier within the contiguous united states. this includes split shipments. items designated 'close-out' are not eligible for free freight. shipping charges include insurance plus a $4.49 handling charge. there is an export document charge of $10.00 per document, with a maxiumum of $20.00 per shipment. ups adds charges on residential and rural deliveries. ups has additional surcharges that are applied as appropriate. for questions about international deliveries, please call customer support at (800) 523-4585 how do i choose a different shipping method for each shipping location? we make it simple to choose a shipping method for each shipping location at checkout. use the drop-down menu on the checkout screen to select your preferred shipping method for each distribution center. shipping costs and transit times will vary based on your selections. do you accept third party shipping requests? if you have an account with ups or fedex, you may select the option for third party freight on the checkout page. a modal will appear where you will be prompted to provide your account information and other preferences. what are the terms for flexexpress? the flexexpress shipping option is available for blank apparel orders of five boxes or less. orders for product with value greater than $50 are charged $5.99. orders for product equal to or under $50 are charged $9.99. orders must ship complete from one warehouse: no split ships. cod orders are not eligible. orders must be picked up within five days of their arrival at the flexexpress location or they will be returned by fedex. can i blind ship to my customers? yes. simply select the blind ship option on the checkout screen for your order. how fast will my order arrive? we will get your order to you as quickly as possible. for blanks: orders placed before the published warehouse cutoff time will ship that same day. you can see each warehouse's cut-off time by reviewing the inventory grid while you are placing your order. for decorated orders, you can see production lead times and shipping information on the product page. you will also be asked to select a ship date and shipping method when placing your decorated order online. is there a charge for shipping with a 3rd party-carrier? yes, there is a small handling fee of $4.49 per order when shipping with a 3rd party-carrier. payment what payment methods are accepted? at the time of order, we accept cash, cashier's check, money order, bank check, ach, wire transfer or credit card (visa, master card and amex, discover). if you settle an invoice with paypal you will incur a reversal of the cash discount. if you pay an invoice with a bank ach you will incur no fee or reversal of cash discount. does alphabroder offer net terms? alphabroder extends net 30 day payment terms to customers who submit a credit application and qualify. click click here to apply. what is alphabroder's qualification process for credit? our financial services team may run and review various industry or personal credit reports, check trade references and financial statements to determine credit worthiness. what credit limit will be established if i am approved? credit limits are determined by the financial strength of the company and/or individual applying for credit, and, the expected monthly buying need. if i fill out a credit application, when will i know if i have been granted terms? our team typically reviews credit applications and responds to the applicant within 2 business days. what are the net terms for credit? net terms may be granted upon alphabroder's approval of a completed and signed credit application. a finance charge of 1.5% per month (18% apr) will be assessed on unpaid balances beyond established terms. alphabroder reserves the right to revoke terms at any time and for any reason without prior notification. how can i edit my payment methods? you can add new payment methods, edit existing payment methods or delete payment methods under my account > payment options. you can also add new credit cards at the checkout level, via "credit card > add credit card". why don't the average prices in my cart match the prices listed on the order entry screen? the average price shown in your cart is an average of the case, dozen and piece prices listed on your ordering screen. any product shipped in full mill cases are charged case price. any amount short of case quantity is then charged dozen pricing for even dozens with any amount fewer than twelve being charged piece price. can i change my payment method from order to order? yes. your payment choices will be shown at the checkout level. the choices shown may vary according to your terms established with alphabroder. additional credit card information may also be added here. if you change your payment method from cash (meaning cash, cashier's check, money order or official bank check) to credit card you will lose the applicable cash discount. how can i make a payment to an invoice or see my statement? you can make payments and see statements under my account > pay invoices. you can now store multiple bank accounts and make multiple payments on the same day. can i change my payment method at the time of pick-up or when paying an invoice? yes. however, if your change your payment method from cash (meaning cash, cashier's check, money order or official bank check) to credit card you will lose the applicable cash discount. if you elect to pay an open invoice with paypal you will likewise lose that cash discount. where do i find the appropriate state sales tax exemption form for resellers? sales tax exemptions apply to resellers of products who will not ultimately use the product but sell them to another party. resale certificates by state have been posted on the website under the "my account" drop-down menu by selecting "manage tax certificates." for questions concerning resale exemptions, contact your state department of revenue or call customer service at (800) 523-4585 and ask to be transferred to the sales tax department. payment of invoices how can i edit or cancel my scheduled bank payments? under my account > pay invoices, select your bank account and select "scheduled invoices" and you will be able to make the edit or cancellation directly. how can i print my statement? under my account > pay invoices, if you select your payment method, you will see your statement. selecting the "pdf statement" button will download your statement. note: if you have over 1000 open invoices, your statment will not load and you will need to request your statement from our credit representative. using the website where can i find sale items, specials and closeouts? these items can be found under the "sale" drop-down menu. how do i see a larger, closer up image of a product online? once the style is selected, hover over the image to enlarge the image and activate the zoom feature to see the finer details. how do i find sizing information for products? sizing information is available in the "specs and sizing information" section towards the end of the product page. size charges by brand are also available and located in resource center menu, under "downloads". how do i search for products? look for the search bar at the top of the website and type any query to find relevant products. most of the searches on our website are for a specific style or product name. however, you can also search by brand (mill) name, color, fabric type, occasion, or any other queries to discover products across the assortment. once you have completed your search, use the filters and sort function on the results page to refine your results. some popular search filters include high stock, price, brand, color, and size. how do i customize catalogs? you can access catalogs under resource center > marketing tools > catalogs. are the colors of the products appearing on my monitor accurate? actual product colors cannot be guaranteed to match the color on your monitor since each person's computer monitor is set and calibrated differently. the product color swatches appearing on your screen should be used as guides to locate the color you are looking for. check for the closest pms color match by hovering your mouse over the color swatches. please note that these are not exact pms matches due to dye-lot variances. the best resources for matching color requirements are a mill swatch card or a product sample. where can i get hi-res product images? you can download high resolution images directly from the product page. under each image on the product page, you will find a navy-blue button that reads "download images." note: not every product has a high-resolution image available. why am i not receiving emails from alphabroder, even though i signed up for them? it could be one of the following reasons: your email address was entered incorrectly during registration; please double check your account information. your system administrator has blocked the email; please check with your system administrator. your mailbox is full, and the email could not be delivered. the email may have reached your spam folder; please add [email protected] to your email address book or safe-senders list. if you are still not receiving emails, contact web support at (800) 523-4585 select option 6 how can i tell if an apparel style is eligible for alphabroder's in-house decoration services? when searching for apparel, you can filter products using the "deco-eligible" option on the left navigation bar. all hard good options are decorated in house by alphabroder. where can i find marketing tools? visit our resource center under the site's main navigation menu to use the many resources we have created to help you market your business including; catalogs, the digital lounge, samples, sales builder, showroom marketing and swatch cards. sales tax what is sales tax? sales tax is a retail point-of-purchase tax imposed by state and/or local governments paid by the purchaser for goods. sales tax is based on the "ship-to" location and whether or not the items purchased are taxable in a particular state. sellers are required by state regulations to assess sales tax. does everyone pay sales tax? customers are considered taxable until they provide a properly completed resale/exemption certificate and/or state sales tax license as required by state law. what is a sales tax resale/exemption certificate? a resale certificate is a state specific document that purchasers provide to their vendors when buying product which is then resold. a purchaser cannot use a resale certificate if they are the end user of that product. a resale certificate can also be referred to as an exemption certificate, reseller's permit, sales tax permit or resale license. where can i obtain a resale/exemption certificate? you can complete and sign resale/exemption certificates online directly from your alphabroder "my account" under manage tax certifications. if you are tax exempt in multiple states and would like to fill out a multi-jurisdictional form, please contact your credit rep or the sales tax department at [email protected] to request a copy to fill out. if i have a sales tax license, do i still need to complete a resale/exemption certificate? yes, a resale/exemption certificate provides additional information about your business that a license may not offer. if alphabroder is audited by a state, the state requires that we have their state specific resale certificate completed by our customer. the following states require only the state issued sales tax license: al, fl, la, ms, nm, wa what do i need to provide for my 501(c)(3) exempt organization? exempt organizations may be exempt from paying sales tax but being classified as an irs 501(c)(3) entity does not automatically guarantee that an organization will be exempt from state and local sales taxes. exempt organizations are required to submit a completed exemption certificate and/or a state issued letter of exemption in order to be sales tax exempt. each state has its own rules and regulations regarding exempt organizations and their taxability. what if my business is based outside the u.s.? if your order is being shipped and sold within the u.s., it is subject to sales tax rules and regulations of the "ship-to" location. orders shipped within the u.s. to a licensed freight forwarder for export outside the u.s., can be exempt from sales tax upon the completion of additonal exporter documents. please contact the tax department at [email protected] to request the addtional exporter forms. what if i'm having orders shipped to alaska or hawaii? orders shipped outside the continental u.s. to alaska or hawaii will also require a freight service company to transport product from the mainland. these orders will also need exporter documents in order to be exempt from sales tax. please contact the tax department at [email protected] to request the additional exporter forms. i was charged sales tax, can i get a refund? if your order was charged sales tax and you have provided a valid resale/exemption certificate for the "ship-to" state, a refund of the assessed sales tax can be requested by emailing [email protected]. sales tax refunds are issued in the same mannerin which the order was paid. will i be charged sales tax when picking up from a distribution center? you will be charged sales tax according to the tax laws of that state unless you have a valid resale certificate on file for that pickup location. what if my order is being shipped to a decorator to be "worked on" and then either returned to me or sent out to my customer, what do i need to provide to be exempt from tax? alphabroder needs the certificate for the state we are shipping to on your behalf. most states accept out of state tax id#s. if we are shipping to any of these states, ca, dc, fl, hi, il, la, md, ma or wa, contact the tax department at [email protected] or by calling 1-800-523-4585 extension 1882. what is economic nexus and how does it apply to me? economic nexus generally refers to rules that states have adopted asserting nexus over an out-of-state business that has an economic presence in a state even though the business may lack a physical presence. as alphabroder has economic presence in most states, we are required by state law to assess sales tax on customer orders unless a valid resale or exemption certificate is on file. even if our customer does not qualify for the economic nexus thresholds in a particular state, alphabroder is required to charge sales tax if we are shipping to that particular state on our customers' behalf. why is economic nexus important? in the recent supreme court decision, south dakota v. wayfair, inc. (wayfair), the court eliminated the physical presence requirement for states to require businesses to collect and remit state sales tax. it established economic nexus as the sales tax nexus standard. any other questions related to sales tax should be directed to either [email protected] or by calling 1-800-523-4585 extension 1882. × do not show this message again my account apply for an account manage account invoices and statements manage tax certificates returns © 2023 broder bros., co. all rights reserved. about us our story - icare careers corporate responsibility press room privacy policy cookie policy cookie preferences terms & conditions quick links digital lounge catalogs custom websites decoration warehouses alphablogger help center contact us faq accessibility statement enable accessibility sitemap xml sitemap © 2023 broder bros., co. all rights reserved. cancelyou have not entered a valid day.you have not entered a valid month.you have not entered a valid year.you have entered an invalid date.you must enter a date.the entered date is too high.the entered date is too low.please enter a word or phrase to search for.okunautorized access