来源URL: https://web.archive.org/web/20241231222658/https://www.belkin.com/products/product-resources/surge-protectors/
================================================================================

what is a surge protector and how to choose one. skip to main content skip to footer content close toggle navigation back close × new arrivals new arrivals new products products choose your device iphone 16 iphone 15 samsung special offers new arrivals bundles & gift sets buy with prime certified refurbished best sellers earn belkin rewards collections best iphone 16 accessories iphone 16 screen protectors qi2 wireless chargers magsafe chargers & accessories travel accessories samsung galaxy s24 favorites null close menu ã— null wireless chargers wireless chargers wireless charging stands wireless charging stands wireless charging pads wireless charging pads wireless power banks wireless power banks wireless car chargers wireless car chargers apple watch chargers apple watch chargers chargers chargers usb-c chargers usb-c chargers gan chargers gan chargers car chargers car chargers portable chargers & power banks portable chargers & power banks docks & hubs docks & hubs thunderbolt docks thunderbolt docks usb-c docking stations usb-c docking stations usb & usb-c hubs usb & usb-c hubs screen protectors screen protectors screen protectors for iphone screen protectors for iphone screen protectors for samsung screen protectors for samsung screen protectors for apple watch / ipad / macbook screen protectors for apple watch / ipad / macbook content creation accessories content creation accessories audio audio earbuds and headphones earbuds and headphones kids' headphones and earbuds kids' headphones and earbuds cables cables usb-c cables usb-c cables audio / video cables audio / video cables charging cables charging cables computer cables computer cables adapters adapters audio charge adapters audio charge adapters audio video adapters audio video adapters ethernet adapters ethernet adapters hdmi adapters hdmi adapters lightning adapters lightning adapters usb-c adapters usb-c adapters airtag accessories airtag accessories computer accessories computer accessories phone, tablet & apple vision pro accessories phone, tablet & apple vision pro accessories wemo smart home wemo smart home phyn smart water assistant phyn smart water assistant surge protectors & power strips surge protectors & power strips product resources magsafe technology qi2 wireless charging guide to screen protectors fast charging surge protectors thunderbolt wireless charging view all shop by shop by choose your device choose your device iphone 16 iphone 16 iphone 15 iphone 15 samsung samsung special offers special offers new arrivals new arrivals bundles & gift sets bundles & gift sets buy with prime buy with prime certified refurbished certified refurbished best sellers best sellers earn belkin rewards earn belkin rewards collections collections best iphone 16 accessories best iphone 16 accessories iphone 16 screen protectors iphone 16 screen protectors qi2 wireless chargers qi2 wireless chargers magsafe chargers & accessories magsafe chargers & accessories travel accessories travel accessories samsung galaxy s24 favorites samsung galaxy s24 favorites sale sale sustainability sustainability business business all business solutions all business solutions cybersecurity and secure kvm cybersecurity and secure kvm docking stations docking stations thunderbolt docks thunderbolt docks usb-c docks usb-c docks usb & usb-c hubs usb & usb-c hubs cables cables network copper cables network copper cables network fiber cables network fiber cables adapters adapters audio charge adapters audio charge adapters audio video adapters audio video adapters ethernet adapters ethernet adapters hdmi adapters hdmi adapters lightning adapters lightning adapters usb-c adapters usb-c adapters surge protectors surge protectors mobile power mobile power power banks power banks wall chargers wall chargers wireless chargers wireless chargers education solutions education solutions charging stations charging stations computer accessories computer accessories earbuds & headphones earbuds & headphones belkin dock utility belkin dock utility works with chromebook works with chromebook partners partners log in log in partner advantage partner advantage digital library digital library support support support center support center register a screen protector register a screen protector register a product register a product online order help online order help warranty exchange warranty exchange belkin rewards faq belkin rewards faq sign up/sign in where to buy you are viewing from united states united states change region change region your location australia china hong kong hong kong (english) india indonesia japan korea malaysia philippines singapore thailand vietnam france germany italy netherlands spain united kingdom canada - english canada - french united states your regions asia pacific europe north america save enter keyword or item no. login to your account sign in email password remember me forgot password? login forgot password? view account create account 0 cart forgot your password × provide your account email address to receive an email to reset your password. email submit home product resource surge protection surge protection: why your tech needs it protecting your electronics and high-end devices against damage from power surges is a must. learn about potential threats, best practices, and how shockingly easy it is to invest in surge protection, so your devices work without the worry. shop surge protectors + quick add 6 outlet home/office surge protector with straight plug, 10ft cord $22.99 add to cart + quick add 6 outlet wall surge protector with usb-c and usb-a $21.99 add to cart + quick add 12 outlet surge protector + usb-c and usb-a ports $39.99 add to cart + quick add connect 12-outlet home/office surge protector with 8-foot cord $27.99 add to cart + quick add 6 outlet home/office surge protector $17.99 add to cart view details pivotplug 12-outlet surge protector, 8 ft. cord $42.99 view details overview in inclement weather conditions, there can be a surge in lightning strikes, power spikes, and events causing outages. in the u.s., july through september are months where storms occur most frequently, but that’s a moving target extending well into october. domestically, michigan has the highest number of outages per capita, and other states prone to outages include ohio, new york, texas, and california. to prevent damage to devices in unpredictable weather, belkin offers premium, tested, and certified products to protect your electronics and appliances. our surge protectors are best-in-class and portable chargers keep you connected whether you’re working in a large office, at home, or own a small business that relies on consistent power. what is a power surge? the term “power surge” refers to a spike in voltage that elevates a device’s electric flow past its designated threshold. a power surge can be categorized in one of two ways:internal: an internal surge is common within households, occurring when a motorized device (e.g., an air conditioner or refrigerator) suddenly and unintentionally shuts off. this electricity is then directed to other appliances attached to the same power grid. essentially, anything plugged into an outlet within the same place is at risk for absorbing this electricity and surging.external: an external surge is caused by an external force, such as a lightning strike or an animal tampering with electrical wiring. in both instances, our surge protectors work by diverting the extra electricity into an outlet’s grounding wiring, saving the connected devices from absorbing this excess power and overheating or short-circuiting.although commonly referred to as a surge protector, other names include spike suppressor, surge suppressor, surge diverter, surge protection device (spd), or transient voltage surge suppressor (tvss). surge protector vs. power strip a power strip is essentially an extension cord using one plug to provide multiple outlets. while basic power strips conveniently provide extra outlets, they don’t protect devices if the power strip doesn’t have surge protection components. a surge protector has more components, and it defends against possible voltage surges and spikes that could damage your electronics, appliances, or equipment. common causes of voltage spikes include electrical overloads, lightning, faulty wiring, and power outages. one of the extra components in a surge protector is a metal oxide varistor (mov) designed to clamp at a specific voltage (typically over 340vac). belkin surge protectors differentiate from others by clamping and starting to protect at around 340vac. many budget or lower quality surge protectors don't clamp or kick in until higher voltages of 500vac or higher are reached and by then electronic devices could already be damaged. movs are prevalent components used to protect ac power circuits, but over time they can degrade. as they absorb electrical surges, they get used up. it’s more cost effective and convenient to replace surge protectors versus expensive electronic equipment that may get damaged if left unprotected. surge protectors offer protection in measurements called joules. a surge protector with a higher joule rating is more capable of protecting against a single big surge or a series of smaller ones. additionally, most surge protectors have an indicator light that glows to show when devices are protected and a reset button that needs to be pressed for over-current protection after an event occurs. similar in look but different in function, power strips are commonly mistaken for surge protectors. safety guidelines for surge protectors observing basic safety guidelines minimizes potential risks for device malfunction. precautionary measures include (but are not limited to): always use our surge protectors indoors in a dry, temperature-controlled location do not exceed the electrical rating of the product do not use our surge protectors with aquariums or other water-related devices and machines uncoil the cord before use do not cover the cord with any material keep children and pets away do not plug a surge protector into an extension cord, also called “daisy chaining” replacing a surge protector replacing a surge protector after a power surge event, for example, a lightning storm, is key. when a power surge occurs, our surge protector’s joule capacity will likely take a big hit, making the device less effective. even without a major power surge, a good rule of thumb is to replace our surge protectors every two years.in addition to using our surge protectors properly and effectively, taking small proactive steps to prevent internal power surges is also key to ensuring the safety of devices. while external power surges are somewhat unavoidable, internal power surges can be curbed. a few tips to prevent internal power surges unplug devices that aren’t in use.periodically upgrade wiring.plug large devices into separate power sources.for example, do not plug a dishwasher and refrigerator — two major electricity absorbers — into the same outlet.use our surge protectors throughout a space, especially one in which many tech devices are operating. key specs to pay attention to when purchasing it pays to research specs before you buy a surge protector that will meet your needs. weighing features means delving into the reliability, brand reputation, and warranty of a specific device. here are 7 key specs to pay attention to when you’re in the market for a quality surge protector. quality and reliability the feature frontrunner to consider above all is a surge protector’s quality and reliability because they’re devices meant to protect valuable electronics and houses. the risk with using an unproven brand is not worth the few dollars saved if this puts expensive devices or homes at risk. learn how a device has performed during a power spike or weather event and if it’s durably designed to last with impact-resistant casing. warranty and brand reputation long-term warranties go a long way toward peace of mind for buyers. manufacturers are only as good as their warranties that cover your investment, and this definitely applies to surge protectors. perform your due diligence to determine a brand’s reputation by reading online customer reviews and feedback on products. belkin separates itself from competitors by offering a connected equipment warranty (cew) so connected devices are protected both electronically and by the cew. joule rating joule rating measures a surge protector’s capacity to absorb energy over time without failing. generally, a higher rating provides better protection against power surges, but a well-constructed 600-joule protector may outperform and outlast an 800-joule protector in a frequent surge environment. a good rule of thumb is to buy a surge protector with 600 or above joule rating capacity. another consideration is the clamping voltage or voltage required for the device to respond to and protect connected electronics from a power surge. a lower rating under 400 volts ensures that surges over that level are diverted away from your devices. buyers should be cautious of many products flooding the market that don’t disclose their clamping voltage or that have high clamping voltage (500vac+). surge protection that doesn’t kick in until voltage spikes get that high won’t adequately protect devices until that threshold is reached. outlet options determining the number and type of outlets you need on your surge protector is important. for example, to connect a/v equipment you may need special outlets like ethernet ports or coaxial. it’s always a good idea to have extra outlets that give you room to expand down the road, and choosing a rotating outlet design provides more room for large ac adapter blocks. cord length generally, it’s recommended that buyers select the right length for their specific needs. longer cords may provide flexibility but longer lengths need thicker wire gauge, increases cost, and make cable management more bothersome. there is a correlation between cord length and the protection level of the surge protection device. keeping the cord as short as possible is typically better, but in most scenarios a cord less than 10 feet is safe. for example, a durable 8-foot cord with an angled plug offers flexibility in a home or office setting. form factor wall mounts and slim desk mount surge protectors can save valuable space, curb clutter, and be more inconspicuous. they’re great for confined spaces with limited desk or floor space. advanced features and extras bells and whistles on surge protectors include led power lights and sophisticated cable management to keep workstations clutter-free. other nice-to-haves features include fireproof technology and usb charging ports. why belkin? with over 35 years of experience in creating quality, innovative consumer products, belkin is uniquely positioned to supply individuals and businesses with surge protectors. rigorous testing, end-to-end control of the manufacturing process, and human-inspired design make our surge protectors must-haves. account sign up/sign in products wireless chargers chargers docks & hubs screen protectors audio cables adapters airtag accessories computer accessories tablet & phone accessories company about us contact us newsroom resource center blog careers sustainability why shop belkin where to buy belkin rewards support support center register a screen protector register a product product recalls connected equipment warranty warranty exchange shipping returns partners affiliates partner advantage program © belkin 2024  |  all rights reserved | legal & privacy | security | your privacy choices connect with belkin subscribe now and save on your next purchase. subscribe now thank you stay tuned for exclusive offers, exciting new products and more. send me emails on the following topics: sign me up! send me all belkin updates and special offers (select all) apple device accessories belkin blog alerts exclusive offers & promotions network accessories new product launches samsung and android device accessories small business speakers & headphones submit belkin will not sell or rent your email address. check out our privacy policy if you'd like to learn more. thank you! your selection has been submitted. prefer to connect by text? sign up here for those, too. belkin twitter belkin facebook belkin instagram belkin linkedin belkin youtube belkin tiktok © belkin 2024  |  all rights reserved | legal & privacy | security | your privacy choices you are viewing from united states united states change region change region your location australia china hong kong hong kong (english) india indonesia japan korea malaysia philippines singapore thailand vietnam france germany italy netherlands spain united kingdom canada - english canada - french united states your regions asia pacific europe north america save remove product? are you sure you want to remove the following product from the cart? cancel yes remove coupon? are you sure you want to remove the following coupon from the cart? cancel yes