来源URL: https://web.archive.org/web/20250501111445/https://www.belkin.com/products/product-resources/wireless-charging-complete-guide/
================================================================================

the complete guide to wireless charging | belkin us skip to main content skip to footer content save up to 20% shop now. helping reforest the planet with one tree planted this earth month. close toggle navigation back close × new arrivals new arrivals new products products choose your device iphone 16 iphone 15 samsung s25 samsung s24 special offers new arrivals bundles & gift sets buy with prime certified refurbished best sellers earn belkin rewards collections best iphone 16 accessories iphone 16 screen protectors qi2 wireless chargers magsafe chargers & accessories travel accessories travel accessories 2024 best samsung s25 accessories null close menu ã— null wireless chargers wireless chargers wireless charging stands wireless charging stands wireless charging pads wireless charging pads wireless power banks wireless power banks wireless car chargers wireless car chargers apple watch chargers apple watch chargers chargers chargers usb-c chargers usb-c chargers gan chargers gan chargers car chargers car chargers portable chargers & power banks portable chargers & power banks docks & hubs docks & hubs thunderbolt docks thunderbolt docks usb-c docking stations usb-c docking stations usb & usb-c hubs usb & usb-c hubs screen protectors screen protectors screen protectors for iphone screen protectors for iphone screen protectors for samsung screen protectors for samsung screen protectors for apple watch / ipad / macbook screen protectors for apple watch / ipad / macbook content creation accessories content creation accessories audio audio earbuds and headphones earbuds and headphones kids' headphones and earbuds kids' headphones and earbuds cables cables usb-c cables usb-c cables audio / video cables audio / video cables charging cables charging cables computer cables computer cables adapters adapters audio charge adapters audio charge adapters audio video adapters audio video adapters ethernet adapters ethernet adapters hdmi adapters hdmi adapters lightning adapters lightning adapters usb-c adapters usb-c adapters airtag accessories airtag accessories computer accessories computer accessories phone, tablet & apple vision pro accessories phone, tablet & apple vision pro accessories wemo smart home wemo smart home surge protectors & power strips surge protectors & power strips product resources magsafe technology wireless charging qi2 wireless charging guide to screen protectors fast charging surge protectors thunderbolt view all shop by shop by choose your device choose your device iphone 16 iphone 16 iphone 15 iphone 15 samsung s25 samsung s25 samsung s24 samsung s24 special offers special offers new arrivals new arrivals bundles & gift sets bundles & gift sets buy with prime buy with prime certified refurbished certified refurbished best sellers best sellers earn belkin rewards earn belkin rewards collections collections best iphone 16 accessories best iphone 16 accessories iphone 16 screen protectors iphone 16 screen protectors qi2 wireless chargers qi2 wireless chargers magsafe chargers & accessories magsafe chargers & accessories travel accessories travel accessories travel accessories 2024 travel accessories 2024 best samsung s25 accessories best samsung s25 accessories sale sale sustainability sustainability business business all business solutions all business solutions cybersecurity and secure kvm cybersecurity and secure kvm docking stations docking stations thunderbolt docks thunderbolt docks usb-c docks usb-c docks usb & usb-c hubs usb & usb-c hubs cables cables network copper cables network copper cables network fiber cables network fiber cables adapters adapters audio charge adapters audio charge adapters audio video adapters audio video adapters ethernet adapters ethernet adapters hdmi adapters hdmi adapters lightning adapters lightning adapters usb-c adapters usb-c adapters surge protectors surge protectors mobile power mobile power power banks power banks wall chargers wall chargers wireless chargers wireless chargers education solutions education solutions charging stations charging stations computer accessories computer accessories earbuds & headphones earbuds & headphones belkin dock utility belkin dock utility works with chromebook works with chromebook partners partners log in log in partner advantage partner advantage digital library digital library support support support center support center register a screen protector register a screen protector register a product register a product online order help online order help warranty exchange warranty exchange belkin rewards faq belkin rewards faq where to buy sign up/sign in you are viewing from united states united states change region your regions asia pacific your location australia china hong kong hong kong (english) india indonesia japan korea malaysia philippines singapore thailand vietnam europe your location france germany italy netherlands spain united kingdom north america your location canada - english canada - french united states enter keyword or item no. login to your account sign in email password remember me forgot password? login forgot password? view account create account 0 cart forgot your password × provide your account email address to receive an email to reset your password. email submit your complete guide to wireless charging today, wirelessly charging cell phones and other portable electronics is largely taken for granted, but many recall — and still experience — using cables and electric outlets. since its inception, wireless charging has significantly impacted and revolutionized the consumer electronics industry. through the years each standard has offered unique advantages and limitations, catering to various user needs. here’s a look at the progression of wireless charging technology, examining key milestones, distinctive features, and possible futures of qi, magsafe, and qi2. secret origins. wireless charging is a technology that allows devices to deliver power over air without the need for a physical connection. its secret origins date all the way back to the late 19th century when nikola tesla experimented with wireless power transmission in the form of electrical energy. in 1904, he built the tesla tower that successfully transferred electricity wirelessly and lit bulbs from 30 feet away. wireless power was born, but it took several decades for the technology to become practical, mass-produced, and accessible to the public. inductive charging vs. resonant charging. tesla’s pioneering experiments paved the way for both resonant and inductive wireless charging methods. resonant wireless charging relies on a high-frequency oscillating magnetic field transferring energy between two coils operating at a common resonant frequency. the techniques were developed in parallel and have different benefits and drawbacks. resonant charging covers greater distances and doesn’t require the tight alignment that inductive does. the drawback of resonant is that coils are bigger, making the system more expensive. inductive wireless charging creates a relatively low-frequency oscillating field to transfer power between non-resonant but closely coupled coils. one benefit of inductive charging is that it’s highly reliable when the device and the charging pad are in direct contact. its widespread adoption is another of this method’s pros. drawbacks include slower charging and the necessity for the device charging to be in close proximity to the charging pad. setting wireless charging standards. the wireless power consortium (wpc) is a group of tech industry leaders founded in 2008, and currently includes heavyweight partners such as apple, samsung, nokia,sony, and belkin. its aim was to create a universal standard for wireless charging that would be compatible with a wide array of devices, from smartphones to wearables. the wpc supported the qi (pronounced chee) wireless charging standard.qi comes from the chinese word 气 qi; traditional chinese: 氣 meaning vital energy. since its introduction, the qi standard has undergone multiple iterations, improving efficiency, and reducing charging times. achieving qi certification recognizes that a device works properly and is safe to operate. during the technology’s evolution, belkin has been a leader in designing accessories with the qi charging standard. qi converts themasses. qi was the first major breakthrough in wireless charging using electromagnetic induction to power devices. the charging pad and your phone both house copper wire coils, and plugging the pad into a power source causes the charger’s coil to generate a magnetic field. when you place your phone onto the charging pad, the phone’s coil converts that magnetic field back into an electric current, thus charging the phone. in 2010, version 1.0 of the qi wireless charging standard debuted, with single coil transmitter, coil array transmitter, and moving coil transmitter designs. the original charging pads were hulking, bulky, and slow, only delivering up to 5w of power charging to devices. for tech enthusiasts but the charging landscape changed dramatically with the advent of this tangle-free experience. in 2015, belkin joined the wpc and the following year, we released our first qi-certified charger. since then, qi has steadily improved, and today it’s the gold standard for wireless charging, setting the benchmark for compatibility and performance. qi’s superpowers are its versatility and reliability, and it’s widely adopted in smartphones, earbuds, airpods, and other devices. magsafe raises stakes and speed. with the launch of the iphone 12 model series in 2020, apple introduced the world to magsafe. magsafe is a proprietary wireless charging system that magnetically attaches to the back of compatible iphones. the technology offers faster charging speeds than qi and also supports accessories like magnetic cases and chargers. apple's sleek, magnetic take on wireless charging provides more precision and stability compared to qi, but it’s only compatible with apple devices. magsafe-certification ensures the charging pad or stand has the required magnetic technology and is safe to use with compatible iphone devices. dovetailing with the debut of magsafe, belkin introduced its first magsafe-compatible charging accessories in 2020. for tech enthusiasts magsafe’s bells and whistles add magnets to the mix for a physically tighter connection. its magnetized connector on the back of the iphone allows the phone to snap into place precisely on a magsafe charger, making it convenient to align and charge compared to traditional qi charging. in addition to magnetics, another magsafe superpower is its faster charging speeds versus most qi charging pads, and some models are able to deliver up to 15 watts of power. magnetic qi hits the scene. magnetic qi is identical to qi in terms of charging speed and the only difference is that it includes a non-certified magnetic module similar to magsafe to enable compatibility with magsafe-compatible iphones. some magnetic qi products have strong holds and others have weak magnetic holds, depending on the quality of the build by the manufacturer. for tech enthusiasts the wpc plans to mandate magnetic elements including strength and magnet strength will be one of the elements tested as part of the certification process. because there’s currently no standard of magnetic hold with magnetic qi products, you should only buy from trusted brands. qi2 takes an evolutionary leap. the wpc ushered in the next generation of qi wireless charging technology in 2023 with the introduction of the wpc 2.0 standard. qi2 integrates apple's magsafe technology, providing better alignment between the charger and the device and allowing users to charge up to 2x faster with belkin qi2.* it adopts a safety- and certification-first approach by leveraging smart microchip technology to ensure charging is safe and efficient. in essence, the technology performs a "handshake" between the device and the charger to verify that both possess qi certification before it starts charging. at launch, belkin was the only wpc member to certify two qi2 charging products. for tech enthusiasts one of qi2’s superpowers is supporting higher power delivery "far-field" charging, supplying up to 100 watts of power. this permits simultaneous charging of multiple devices and powering more energy-intensive electronics like laptops and tablets. however, the 100 watts of power is not yet available for wireless charging of smartphones. another key improvement is the introduction of "mid-field" charging, which allows for charging at up to 15 watts without direct contact between charger and device. this application is great for devices like earbuds and smartwatches that tend to have small charging pads. other enhancements are faster charging speeds, improved efficiency, and advancements toward universal compatibility. true universal compatibility will be realized once other devices adopt the qi2 standard and this list compiles current compatible devices. universal compatibility will eliminate the need for separate chargers and ensure users can charge multiple devices with the same charging pad or stand without worrying about standards and protocols. by optimizing power transfer, qi2 improves efficiency, enabling devices to quickly charge without compromising energy consumption. the technology’s futuristic design eclipses predecessors in the speed, convenience, and efficiency departments. future trends in wireless charging technology. as wireless charging technology continues to evolve, it’s projected to increasingly integrate into our lives in ever more seamless ways. developers are working on advancements in longer-range charging and more eco-friendly solutions. potential developments include wirelessly charging electric vehicles and designing in-display or in-table charging. with this technology, power can be transmitted through the screen or surface of a table.this eliminates requiring physical charging ports altogether and would make devices even more seamless and convenient. moving forward, the wpc is also focusing on improving the safety and security of wireless charging technology. proper certifications that correlate with charging standards are a key component. as devices become more powerful and charge faster, it's critical to employ safety measures to prevent overheating, electromagnetic interference, and other potential hazards. shop our latest qi2 wireless chargers. + quick add boostcharge pro 2-in-1 magnetic wireless charging pad with qi2 15w $79.99 add to cart + quick add boostcharge pro sale convertible magnetic wireless charging stand with qi2 15w price reduced from $59.99 to $49.99 add to cart + quick add boostcharge pro 3-in-1 magnetic wireless charging pad with qi2 15w $109.99 add to cart + quick add boostcharge pro 3-in-1 magnetic wireless charging stand with qi2 15w $129.99 add to cart + quick add boostcharge pro magnetic power bank with qi2 15w 5k/8k/10k $59.99 - $99.99 add to cart + quick add boostcharge sale 3-in-1 magnetic foldable wireless charger with qi2 15w price reduced from $99.99 to $84.99 add to cart *based on internal testing. belkin qi2 15w wireless charger charges iphone 15 from 0-50% up to 2x faster than a qi 5w wireless charger and up to 1.5x faster than a qi 7.5w wireless charger. charge time varies with environmental factors; results may vary. account sign up/sign in products wireless chargers chargers docks & hubs screen protectors audio cables adapters airtag accessories computer accessories tablet & phone accessories company about us contact us newsroom resource center blog careers sustainability why shop belkin where to buy belkin rewards support support center register a screen protector register a product product recalls connected equipment warranty warranty exchange shipping returns partners affiliates partner advantage program © belkin 2025  |  all rights reserved | legal & privacy | security | your privacy choices connect with belkin subscribe now and save on your next purchase. subscribe now thank you stay tuned for exclusive offers, exciting new products and more. send me emails on the following topics: sign me up! send me all belkin updates and special offers (select all) apple device accessories belkin blog alerts exclusive offers & promotions network accessories new product launches samsung and android device accessories small business speakers & headphones submit belkin will not sell or rent your email address. check out our privacy policy if you'd like to learn more. thank you! your selection has been submitted. prefer to connect by text? sign up here for those, too. belkin twitter belkin facebook belkin instagram belkin linkedin belkin youtube belkin tiktok © belkin 2025  |  all rights reserved | legal & privacy | security | your privacy choices you are viewing from united states united states change region change region your location australia china hong kong hong kong (english) india indonesia japan korea malaysia philippines singapore thailand vietnam france germany italy netherlands spain united kingdom canada - english canada - french united states your regions asia pacific europe north america save remove product? are you sure you want to remove the following product from the cart? cancel yes remove coupon? are you sure you want to remove the following coupon from the cart? cancel yes live chat: need shopping advice?