来源URL: https://web.archive.org/web/20151119161932/http://drapers.blair.com/custserv/custserv.jsp?pageName=Privacy
================================================================================

privacy and security | drapers you choose ... shop marketplace or any storeyou'll only need to checkout once! marketplace: all stores, all categories, all in one place. the stores: shop your favorite stores and discover new ones a modern twist on women's classic fashion and accessories. premium-quality clothing and accessories with a classic flair. original silk apparel for women's and men's year-round comfort. women's & men's fine clothing, brand-name shoes, scrumptious food & savvy gifts. an energetic mix of clothing, shoes & accessories for play, travel, work or just hanging out. shop fashion values for women, men and home. style, comfort and value! timeless women's apparel and shoes in famous and exclusive brands. quality women's apparel, shoes and accessories at unbeatable value. stylish, affordable women's fashion, footwear and accessories serving sizes 14 to 28. creative inspiration for the home. products that make life easier: problem-solvers for in and around the home. helpful products for a full, independent life at any age. 0 a modern twist on women's classic fashion and accessories. beauty, wellness and beyond . . . helping women look and feel great at any age. quality women's apparel, shoes and accessories at unbeatable value. blair online catalog - fashion values for women, men & home classic womens apparel in misses, petites and women's sizes. helpful products for a full, independent life at any age. haband clothing catalog | clothing online for men & women creative inspiration for the home. endless options for active living - women's & men's clothing, home, health, beauty & more women's & men's fine clothing, brand-name shoes, scrumptious food & savvy gifts. timeless women's apparel and shoes in famous and exclusive brands. save big with clearance prices on all of our brands. an energetic mix of clothing, shoes & accessories for play, travel, work or just hanging out. products that make life easier: problem-solvers for in and around the home premium-quality clothing and accessories with a classic flair. stylish, affordable women's fashion, footwear and accessories serving sizes 14 to 28. original silk apparel for women's and men's year-round comfort. | my account | sign in customer service | order status order status | stores new arrivals tops jackets bottoms dresses shop by outfit special occasion labels we love accessories view all collections easter fashions radiant spring celebrations pretty pastels pretty in pink mother of bride & groom graced with lace athleisure back to basics slim shop garden prints bauble jewelry breezy summer dresses soft knit pants web exclusives misses new arrivals tops jackets dresses jacket dresses bottoms shop by outfit special occasion labels we love sale view all petites new arrivals tops jackets dresses jacket dresses bottoms shop by outfit special occasion labels we love sale view all womens new arrivals tops jackets dresses jacket dresses bottoms shop by outfit special occasion labels we love sale view all apparel tops jackets outerwear dresses bottoms shop by outfit special occasion labels we love best sellers top rated view all accessories jewelry shoes handbags misc view all sale just reduced buy more & save values galore tops jackets bottoms dresses skirt sets/suits shop by outfit special occasion accessories labels we love view all clearance tops jackets bottoms dresses special occasion labels we love accessories view all font size: a a a shop collections labels we love shop by outfit best sellers mother of the bride & groom customer service> privacy and security draper's & damon's customer service about us ordering and payment shipping and sales tax sizing returns and exchanges gift cards vip credit card gift packaging happiness guaranteed privacy policy terms of use glossary of terms faqs contact us privacy policy this privacy policy was last updated on january 4, 2016. we're a brand you can trust at draper's & damon's, we value our customers and understand your concerns about online privacy and security. because we know that your privacy is very important, we have established policies to ensure that your personal information is always respected and handled in a safe and responsible manner. our privacy policy is designed to help you understand how we collect personal information, what information we collect, how we use it, the steps we take to safeguard it, and the choices you have regarding how it may be used and disclosed. this privacy policy applies to personal information collected by us at our stores, through our call centers, via mail, via our website at drapers.com, through our authorized third parties, or by any of the other means described in this policy. see our privacy policy below privacy policy quick reference click on any link below to find more information about that privacy policy topic: who we are what information do we collect? how do we use your information? how can you control the use of your information? how do we safeguard your information? what technologies do we use to enhance your shopping experience? children's privacy california privacy rights changes to this privacy policy how to contact us conflict in terms patent disclosure pricing policy who we are draper's & damon's is part of a family of companies owned by bluestem brands, inc. that also includes , as of the effective date of this policy, the brands listed below. please note that this list is subject to change. appleseed's™ bedford fair lifestyles® blair® draper's & damon's™ fingerhut® gettington® gold violin® haband™ linen source® norm thompson outfitters® old pueblo traders® paycheck direct® sahalie® solutions® the tog shop™ willow ridge® wintersilks® each of these affiliated companies has its own web site, and has a privacy policy and data collection practices that may differ from those of draper's & damon's . please refer to the applicable company's web site and privacy policy for details on how that affiliated company handles your privacy concerns and personal information. what information do we collect? to give you an exceptional experience each time you shop with us, we may collect information that you provide when you: •  request one of our catalogs or information about our products and services; •  visit our site or one of our retail stores;•  create an online shopping account on our site, if applicable; •  purchase, return, or exchange a product by phone, mail or online;•  contact our call center or customer service desk; •  participate in a promotion, contest or survey; or •  provide us with comments or suggestions. the types of information we may collect, in order to serve you better, include: •  contact information such as name, mailing address, phone number, and e-mail address; •  personal information such as billing address and credit card information, when provided; •  demographic and preference information such as product purchase history; or •  information you provide about other people, such as a gift recipient. when you set up an online shopping account at our web site, if applicable, we may also request a password to allow you secure access. we may also supplement the information listed above with anonymous site traffic information that's collected automatically when you visit our site, plus with information acquired from our joint marketing partners, from third parties, and from our affiliated companies. how do we use your information? you deserve the fastest, safest and most enjoyable shopping experience possible. to give you just that, we may use information that you provide to us in the following manner: •  to assist you in customer service communications;•  to administer "my account" information, online forms, and other site features; •  to enable you to check out and complete your purchases, and to fill and ship your orders; •  to send you special announcements or promotional information about new products or services and upcoming events, and to allow our affiliated companies and our other trusted third party partners to do the same; •  to send you printed catalogs in the mail; •  as necessary, to share your information with trusted third-party companies that provide support services to us or with which we partner to provide services, including special programs, offers and discounts;•  to help improve our site; or •  where we consider it necessary to protect your legal rights, our legal rights, or the legal rights of third parties, or where required by law. more details of the ways in which we may use your information are set out below. in-store shopping. when you visit one of our stores or outlet locations, you can shop anonymously when you pay with cash. however, we may keep a history of your purchases if you use a credit card or debit card. we collect this information in order to process your orders and to better assist you, and all such information will be treated in compliance with this privacy policy. if you want to return or exchange purchased merchandise, we may ask you for personal identification information such as the credit card used for the purchase or a picture id to help prevent fraud. e-mails. we may use your e-mail address to notify you about the status of your order (if you have placed one), provide customer service information, or answer your questions and requests. we may also occasionally send you our e-mail updates, sales notifications, or other promotional information about our products and services or about the products and services of our affiliated companies or trusted third party partners in which you may be interested. we may also share your e-mail address with our affiliated companies to enable them to send you emails directly regarding their products and services, sales and other promotions. telephone contact. if you provide us with your phone number, you may receive telephone contact from us for customer service communications, such as to ask you about your order, if you have placed one. if you call our customer service toll-free number, we may ask you for personal identification information, depending on the nature of your request, to better assist you with your requests and questions. we may retain this information to help meet your future needs. we may occasionally use your phone number to contact you with updates, sales notifications, or other promotional information about our products and services or those of our affiliated companies or trusted third party partners in which you may be interested. we may also make your personal information available to our affiliated companies and our other trusted third party partners to enable them to contact you directly with their promotional information, such as information about their products and services, sales and other promotions. contests, promotions, or surveys. if you participate in a contest, promotion, sweepstakes offering, or survey (whether online, over the phone, by mail, or at one of our retail stores), we may use your personal information to manage your entry in such promotion, to notify you if you are a winner, or to fulfill promotional obligations. at the time of your entry or registration for a specific promotion, survey, contest, or sweepstakes, we will provide you with the rules governing such promotion, survey, contest, or sweepstakes. authorized third parties. we partner with certain third parties who provide services to us, such as managing visitor/customer information, managing our marketing and promotions activities, and conducting other activities of the kind described elsewhere in this privacy policy on our behalf. in such cases, we may disclose your personal information to such service providers. we do not authorize any of these service providers to make any use of your information other than for our benefit. we may also partner with third party organizations to provide special programs, offers and discounts to members of those organizations, in which case we may disclose to that organization information we collect about you, such as your name, your membership number with that organization, your contact details, and information about your purchases with us. we may also, from time to time, partner with third parties to offer you membership in programs, such as discount programs, run by them, or products and services offered by them; if you elect to participate in such programs or to purchase such products and services, we may disclose your personal information, including your credit card information (if applicable), to enable such third parties to enroll you in their programs or provide those products and services, and to bill you for their services . in addition, to provide you with other marketing information or third party promotions that may be of interest to you, we may disclose your personal information to our affiliated companies and our other trusted third party partners, as set out in this privacy policy. catalogs and mailings. we may use your name and postal address to occasionally send you our printed catalogs, magalogs, valpaks or other syndicated mailings, as well as materials regarding offerings of our affiliated companies and our other trusted third party partners. we may also make your name, postal address and transactional information available to our affiliated companies and our other trusted third party partners so that you may receive mailings directly from them about products and services that may be of interest to you. financial products. we may offer, now or in the future, financial products to preferred customers (such as credit cards). as a result, we may share your personal information with certain authorized third parties to provide you with tailored information about their special offers and services relating to such financial products. by law. in certain instances, we may disclose your personal information when we have reason to believe that it is necessary to identify or contact you in relation to, or bring legal action to protect, your legal rights, the legal rights of us and/or of our affiliated companies, or the legal rights of others. we may also disclose your personal information when we believe it is required by law. sale of business. in the event that bluestem brands, inc. or any of its affiliated companies, or any part of any of them, is sold, or some or all of their assets are acquired, customer information may be among the transferred assets, and may therefore be used by the third party acquirer. how can you control the use of your information? we want you to be in control of your information, and we want to communicate with you only if you want to hear from us. account management. you can contact us at any time to review, change or delete certain personal information. simply call our customer service specialists at 1-866-654-2195. e-mails. if you do not want to receive our electronic newsletter or promotional e-mails, you may unsubscribe at any time by clicking on "unsubscribe" at the bottom of any of our promotional e-mails. catalogs. if you do not wish to receive our printed catalog, please contact our customer service specialists at 1-866-654-2195 . when you give us your name and address as it appears on the mailing label, we will remove your contact information from our mailing list. please allow several weeks for the catalogs to stop, as catalog delivery is scheduled well in advance. telephone contact. if you do not wish to receive telephone calls from us regarding our sales notifications or promotions, please contact our customer service specialists at 1-866-654-2195. please note that we may continue to contact you by telephone for customer service communications (such as in relation to orders that you have previously placed with us). sharing information with third parties. if you would rather that we did not share your personal information with our affiliated companies or our third party partners for their direct marketing purposes, please send your full name, address and customer number to our mailing address listed at the end of this privacy policy. please note that even if you opt out of having your information shared with third parties in this way, we may still disclose your information to third parties in other circumstances as described in this privacy policy, for example, where required to enable our third party service providers to provide services to us, and where required by law. please also note that where we have previously disclosed personal information to an affiliated company or third party partner prior to your opting out, that company's use of your information will be governed by its privacy policy. if you want to change how information is used by an affiliate company or third party (for example, by opting-out of receiving emails or telephone communications from that company), you must contact that company or party directly. we cannot alter or remove your information from any of our affiliated companies' or third party partners' databases. how do we safeguard your information? protecting the safety of your personal information is important to us. where we maintain an online store, we use a variety of technical, administrative and physical safeguards so that you can enjoy your shopping experience without having to worry about the loss of, misuse of, or unauthorized access to your information. secure shopping. where our site permits you to enter credit card or other billing information, we use industry-standard encryption technologies to encrypt that information while it is being transmitted to our site. in addition, we make commercially acceptable efforts to stay up to date with best practices regarding the protection of information in connection with transactions occurring over the internet. firewalls. we protect all personal information stored in our computer systems, including information about your orders, behind a network security system called a "firewall." we only permit our authorized staff and authorized third party service providers to access our computer systems, and then only for the purposes described in this privacy policy. phone orders. some versions of popular web browsers and some firewalls do not permit communication through secure servers like the ones we use to process orders. if your web browser cannot support this level of security, you will not be able to order products through our site or those of our affiliated companies. if so, you may place orders by calling us toll-free at 1-866-654-2195. we follow industry practices to protect your personal information from unauthorized access, but no data transmission over internet can be guaranteed to be 100% secure. we cannot ensure or warrant the security of any information you transmit to us over the internet. also, please note that e-mail is not encrypted and is not considered a secure means of transmitting credit card numbers. what technologies do you use to enhance my online experience? to improve our site and to make your online experience more enjoyable, we may collect anonymous information about all visitors to our site, through the use of cookies, image tags, and other technologies. cookies. a cookie is a small amount of data that is sent to your browser from a web server and stored on your computer's hard drive. we use cookies to tell us who you are, tailor our products and services to suit your personal interests, estimate the number of visitors to our site, track visits to and sales at the stores referenced on our site, process your order, track your status in our promotions, contests and sweepstakes, and/or analyze our customers' visiting patterns. cookies do not contain any personal identification information (such as name or credit card information). most browsers are preset to accept cookies and are used to make online visits easier and faster for you. cookies are not required for you to browse our site, however they are required for you to shop on our site or to place an order. if you set your browser to refuse cookies, purchasing is not possible at our site. in such cases, to place orders, please call us at 1-866-654-2195. image tags. we may at times work with a third-party company to help us gather knowledge about how you use this site through the use of image tags, so that we may constantly improve your online experience. in such cases, the third-party company's only role is to help us conduct our business and deliver the most relevant products and services. they are not permitted to use your personal identification information for their own purposes. third party links. our site may include links that take you to other web sites for outside business partners, vendors and advertisers. these web sites have separate privacy and data collection practices. we have no control over such web sites, and are not responsible or liable for the privacy practices or information-gathering practices of other entities or web sites. we have also contracted with third parties to monitor certain pages of our site for the purpose of reporting site traffic, and/or other advertising statistics. where authorized by us, these third parties may use cookies and/or other monitoring technologies to compile anonymous statistics about our site visitors. no personal identification information is transferred to these third parties. children's privacy this site and the web sites of our family of companies are not directed towards children; we do not knowingly collect any personal information from children under 13 years of age. california privacy rights in certain circumstances, california law entitles california residents to request us to provide, free of charge and no more than once per calendar year, a list of the categories of the resident's personal information disclosed by us to third parties for such third parties' direct marketing purposes during the immediately preceding calendar year, together with the names and addresses of all such third parties and a description of such third parties' businesses, if not already reasonably apparent from the third parties' names. if you are a california resident and would like to receive such information, please contact us using the mailing address at the end of this privacy policy. changes to this privacy policy by using this site, you consent to the collection and use of your personal information as described herein. we reserve the right to change, modify or amend this policy from time to time. if our privacy policy changes, we will notify you by publishing the new policy on our site together with its effective date. once effective, the new policy will apply to all personal information we currently hold, whether collected before or after the new policy's effective date. we encourage you to periodically review our current privacy policy. how to contact us our customers come first. if you have any concerns or questions, please contact us by calling 1-866-654-2195 or sending us an e-mail to service@drapers.com. conflict in terms it is our goal to make our privacy practices easy to understand. we have created this easy-to-read privacy policy with that goal in mind. some browsers utilize privacy enhancing technology to translate our privacy policy into a computer readable format. the technology then requires that the computer format be translated back into human readable format for you to read. this translation back into human readable format is often referred to as a "policy summary"; it is possible that through these translations, the policy summary may unintentionally end up being inconsistent with the privacy policy upon which it is based. it might fail to address an issue or it might address an issue not raised in our privacy policy. for this reason, you should rely on our privacy policy as the most accurate and definitive description of our practices. patent disclosure one or more patents may apply to this site or those of our affiliated brands, including without limitation, u.s. patent #5,528,490; #5,761,649; and #6,029,142. pricing policy we have made every effort to ensure the accuracy of the information presented in this catalog. descriptive or typographical errors are subject to correction by draper's & damon's. we apologize for any inconvenience. any special "offer" applies only to purchases (excluding gift cards) made from this catalog by telephone, u.s. mail or online. this "offer" cannot be used in combination with any other promotional offers. prices valid until replaced or updated by the next published catalog. keep current on the latest fashions and special offers. sign up for email and save 20% on your next purchase. dd_social customer service 1-866-654-2195 contact us my account shipping & sales tax check order status ordering & payment returns & exchanges site map customer service email us international@blair.com international shipping site map shop with confidence about us happiness guaranteed! size guide privacy & security policy terms of use career opportunities shopping services my account check order status coupons & offers gift cards check gift card balance request a catalog shop online catalog credit card vip plus loyalty program shop with confidence about us size guide privacy & security policy terms of use shop draper's & damon's misses clothing petite clothing women's clothing special occasion shop by outfit labels we love draper's & damon's retail stores store locator store events © 2016 drapers & damons, llc all rights reserved.