来源URL: https://web.archive.org/web/20181123174535/https://drapers.blair.com/custserv/custserv.jsp?pageName=Terms
================================================================================

terms of use | drapers & damons shopping bag 0 a modern twist on women's classic fashion and accessories. beauty, wellness and beyond . . . helping women look and feel great at any age. quality women's apparel, shoes and accessories at unbeatable value. blair online catalog - fashion values for women, men & home classic womens apparel in misses, petites and women's sizes. helpful products for a full, independent life at any age. haband clothing catalog | clothing online for men & women creative inspiration for the home. endless options for active living - women's & men's clothing, home, health, beauty & more women's & men's fine clothing, brand-name shoes, scrumptious food & savvy gifts. timeless women's apparel and shoes in famous and exclusive brands. save big with clearance prices on all of our brands. an energetic mix of clothing, shoes & accessories for play, travel, work or just hanging out. products that make life easier: problem-solvers for in and around the home premium-quality clothing and accessories with a classic flair. stylish, affordable women's fashion, footwear and accessories serving sizes 14 to 28. original silk apparel for women's and men's year-round comfort. skip to sub-navigation customer service | order status order status | my account | sign in what are you looking for today? new arrivals tops sweaters jackets bottoms dresses accessories view all collections athleisure back to basics shop by outfit special occasion labels we love mother of the bride & groom perfect top to pair with your favorite slimtacular signature knits look-of-linen hope's picks must have trends graced with lace floral black & white stripes animal prints shimmer & shine denim bar misses tops sweaters jackets outerwear dresses bottoms view all petites tops sweaters jackets outerwear dresses bottoms view all womens tops sweaters jackets outerwear dresses bottoms view all apparel tops sweaters jackets dresses bottoms outerwear athleisure sleepwear swimwear customer favorites top rated view all accessories jewelry shoes handbags misc view all sale just reduced buy more & save tops sweaters jackets dresses bottoms sleepwear swimwear accessories view all clearance tops sweaters jackets bottoms dresses special occasion labels we love accessories sleepwear intimates swimwear view all shop labels we love alex evenings alfred dunner brownstone studio foxcroft slimtacular customer service> terms of use draper's & damon's customer service about us ordering and payment shipping and sales tax sizing returns and exchanges gift cards vip credit card gift packaging privacy policy terms of use glossary of terms faqs contact us term of use draper's & damon's is part of the bluestem brands, inc. family of companies. these website terms of use govern your use of our websites www.drapers.blair.com (the "websites"). by using these websites, you agree to follow these terms of use. please read these terms of use regularly, as they may change at any time. by using the site after a change in the terms of use, you agree to follow and be bound by the terms of use as changed. changes to terms please read these terms regularly, as they may change at any time. by using the site after a change in the terms, you agree to follow and be bound by the terms as changed. site contents everything you see, hear or receive from or on the site ("content") is copyrighted, trademarked, trade dressed and/or other intellectual property owned by draper's and damon's or its licensors. content includes, without limitation, images, illustrations, designs, icons, photographs, trademarks, logos, text, software, sounds and the site as a whole. you may use or download content solely for your personal, noncommercial purposes, provided you keep unchanged all copyright and other notices. no other use of content is permitted. except for this limited license, nothing in the terms transfers to you any right, title or interest in any content. the downloading or export of software or technical data from this site to any jurisdiction in violation of united states export laws is strictly prohibited. draper's and damon's may change, suspend, restrict or discontinue any aspect of the site at any time, including any site feature, service or content. user comments and submissions we welcome your comments regarding the website, our products and our services. however, any information you transmit to the website is not, and will not be treated as private, confidential or proprietary, and we shall not be liable for any use or disclosure of that information. we shall be entitled to a non-exclusive license to use your comments and submissions for any purpose whatsoever, commercial or otherwise, without compensation to you. this use may include personal information about you and your use of the website. please review our privacy and security policy for more information. use of the site you promise to make only lawful use of the site. you promise to make no use of the site that violates anyone else's rights, including copyright, trademark, trade secret, privacy or other rights. you promise not to upload, post, transmit, distribute or otherwise publish on or to the site any materials that (a) contain a software virus or other harmful component, (b) contain advertising or commercial material, or (c) are false, threatening, libelous, defamatory, pornographic, obscene or otherwise unlawful. you are solely responsible for the content of any material you publish on the site. draper's and damon's is not responsible or liable for the conduct of any site user, or for materials published to the site by any site user other than draper's and damon's. you may not: (a) use spiders, robots, avatars, intelligent agents or other automated data mining techniques to extract, copy, download, store, reproduce, distribute or post content; (b) interfere with the site or any other user's use of the site, including, without limitation, overloading, "flooding", "mailbombing" or "crashing" the site; (c) send unsolicited email through the site or forge or mask your identity in any email or posting; (d) decompile, reverse engineer or disassemble any software or other products or processes accessible through the site, or (e) insert any code or product or manipulate the content in any way that affects any user's experience of the site. limitations on quantity draper's & damon's does not offer additional discounts on large orders of a single item or on large orders of many individual items. in addition, we reserve the right to limit quantities on orders placed by the same account, on orders placed by the same credit card, and on orders that use the same billing or shipping address. we will notify you if such limits are applied. draper's & damon's reserves the right to prohibit purchases of any merchandise to resellers. resellers are defined as a company or an individual that purchases goods with the intention of selling them rather than using them. information products displayed on the site can be delivered only within the united states. prices are valid only in the united states. prices are subject to change without notice. we try to display accurately the colors of our products on the site. however, the colors you see will depend on your monitor and its settings. we cannot guarantee that your display will be accurate. we do not warrant the currency, accuracy or reliability of any site information, including information about product price or availability. links to other sites the site may contain links to third party sites. any outside links are provided only as a convenience. your use of outside links is at your sole risk. links from the site do not constitute an endorsement by draper's and damon's of any third party, its website, or its goods or services. draper's and damon's is not responsible for any outside sites, services or other materials linked to or from the site, and disclaims all liability for any injury you may experience by using such materials. disclaimer if you are dissatisfied with the site, any contents, or any of the terms, we would like to hear from you. however, your only legal remedy is to stop using the site. your use of the site is at your own risk. to the fullest extent allowed by law, draper's and damon's makes no representations or warranties of any kind in connection with the site. draper's and damon's provides this site, all content, and all services offered through or from the site "as is." draper's and damon's disclaims all express or implied warranties, including but not limited to the implied warranties of merchantability, quiet enjoyment, fitness for a particular purpose and noninfringement. draper's and damon's shall not be liable for any damages related to your use of or inability to use this site, including without limitation direct, indirect, incidental, special, compensatory or consequential damages, lost profits or loss of or damage to property, even if draper's and damon's has been advised of the possibility of such damages. some states do not allow certain limitations on implied warranties or on damages, so some of the above exclusions may not apply to you. draper's and damon's does not warrant that your use of the site, the operation of the site, or any services offered on the site will be uninterrupted or error free, that defects will be corrected, or that the site is free of viruses or other harmful elements. indemnification you agree to defend, indemnify and hold harmless draper's and damon's and its officers, directors, owners, agents, employees, affiliates, licensees and licensors from and against any and all claims, damages, costs and expenses, including attorneys' fees, arising from or related to your use of the site in violation of any of the terms. your failure to comply with the terms automatically revokes your authorization to use the site and terminates all rights granted to you under the terms. your obligations to draper's and damon's shall continue upon termination of your rights under the terms, including restrictions regarding the content, disclaimers and liability limitations under the terms. if your rights are terminated, you must promptly destroy all content obtained from this site, as well as all copies of content. patents one or more patents may apply to this web site, including without limitation: u.s. patent nos. 5,528,490; 5,761,649; and 6,029,142. termination your failure to comply with the terms automatically revokes your authorization to use the site and terminates all rights granted to you under the terms. your obligations to draper's and damon's shall continue upon termination of your rights under the terms, including restrictions regarding the content, disclaimers and liability limitations under the terms. if your rights are terminated, you must promptly destroy all content obtained from this site, as well as all copies of content. contact information if you should have any additional questions or need assistance, please contact our customer contact center by e-mail at service@drapers.com , or call us toll free at 1-866-654-2195. you may also write us at: draper's & damon's p.o. box 186 jessup, pa 18434-0186 keep current on the latest fashions and special offers. sign up for email and save 20% on your next purchase. dd_social customer service 1-866-654-2195 check order status email us draper's gift cards check gift card balance draper's credit card request a catalog shop online catalog site map customer service email us international@blair.com site map about us privacy policy terms of use shipping returns & exchanges sizing accessibility policy california transparency in supply chains act career opportunities coupon codes & promotions shop draper's new arrivals misses clothing petite's clothing women's clothing women's sale women's clearance shopping resources slimtacular guide alex evenings guide mother of the bride shop by season special occasion modest clothing © 2018 drapers & damons, llc all rights reserved.