来源URL: https://web.archive.org/web/20200519044953/https://drapers.blair.com/custserv/custserv.jsp?pageName=Privacy
================================================================================

privacy and security | drapers & damons shopping bag 0 a modern twist on women's classic fashion and accessories. beauty, wellness and beyond . . . helping women look and feel great at any age. quality women's apparel, shoes and accessories at unbeatable value. blair online catalog - fashion values for women, men & home classic womens apparel in misses, petites and women's sizes. helpful products for a full, independent life at any age. haband clothing catalog | clothing online for men & women creative inspiration for the home. endless options for active living - women's & men's clothing, home, health, beauty & more women's & men's fine clothing, brand-name shoes, scrumptious food & savvy gifts. timeless women's apparel and shoes in famous and exclusive brands. save big with clearance prices on all of our brands. an energetic mix of clothing, shoes & accessories for play, travel, work or just hanging out. products that make life easier: problem-solvers for in and around the home premium-quality clothing and accessories with a classic flair. stylish, affordable women's fashion, footwear and accessories serving sizes 14 to 28. original silk apparel for women's and men's year-round comfort. skip to sub-navigation customer service | order status order status | my account | sign in what are you looking for today? new arrivals tops sweaters jackets bottoms dresses accessories view all collections athleisure back to basics shop by outfit special occasion labels we love mother of the bride & groom perfect top to pair with your favorite slimtacular signature knits look-of-linen hope's picks must have trends graced with lace floral black & white stripes animal prints shimmer & shine denim bar misses tops sweaters jackets outerwear dresses bottoms view all petites tops sweaters jackets outerwear dresses bottoms view all womens tops sweaters jackets outerwear dresses bottoms view all apparel tops sweaters jackets dresses bottoms outerwear athleisure sleepwear swimwear customer favorites top rated view all accessories jewelry shoes handbags misc view all sale just reduced buy more & save tops sweaters jackets dresses bottoms sleepwear swimwear accessories view all clearance tops sweaters jackets bottoms dresses special occasion labels we love accessories sleepwear intimates swimwear view all shop labels we love alex evenings alfred dunner brownstone studio foxcroft slimtacular customer service> privacy and security privacy policy drapers.com online privacy policy effective date: january 18, 2017 welcome to drapers.com (this "site"). draper's & damon's ("we," "us," "our," and "draper's & damon's") cares about your privacy. we value your trust and will work hard to earn and keep it. scope of this privacy policy this online privacy policy (this "privacy policy") covers all of the "personal information" we collect through this site. what is personal information? "personal information" is information that identifies you personally, either alone or in combination with other information available to us. examples of personal information include your name, address, email address, credit card information, and the information you provide when you make a purchase. your consent please read this privacy policy. by accessing or using this site you are consenting to the collection, use and disclosure of your personal information as set forth in this privacy policy. if you do not consent to the collection, use and disclosure of your personal information as set forth in this privacy policy, please do not use this site. this privacy policy is part of our terms of use this privacy policy is incorporated by reference and is part of the draper's & damon's terms of use ("terms of use") governing your use of this site. our terms of use contain the terms on which you may purchase products and services through this site. please read our terms of use, if you have not already done so. you may access the current version of the terms of use at any time by clicking on the link marked "terms of use" at the bottom of each page of this site. this privacy policy may change we reserve the right to update or modify this privacy policy, at any time and without prior notice, by posting the revised version of this privacy policy on this site. these changes will only apply to personal information we collect after we have posted the revised privacy policy. your use of this site following any such change constitutes your agreement that all personal information collected from or about you through this site after the revised privacy policy is posted will be subject to the terms of the revised privacy policy. for this reason, it is important to review this privacy policy regularly. if we modify this privacy policy, we will provide a notice at the top of this privacy policy for at least 30 days after the new effective date. you may access the current version of this privacy policy at any time by clicking on the link marked "privacy policy" at the bottom of each page of this site. for your convenience, we post the effective date of this privacy policy at the top of this page, so that you can see whether this privacy policy has changed since your last visit. privacy notices this privacy policy may be supplemented or amended from time to time by "privacy notices" posted on this site. generally, privacy notices provide details about the personal information we collect on particular pages or particular areas of this site, why we need that information, and choices you may have about the ways we use that information. our privacy notices are part of this privacy policy. agreements governing specific features and password-protected areas of this site this privacy policy may be supplemented or amended by special terms and conditions governing specific features or password-protected areas of this site. when you sign up to use a special feature or password-protected area, you may be asked to agree to special terms governing your use of the special feature or password-protected area. in such cases, you will be asked to expressly consent to the special terms, for example, by checking a box or clicking on a button marked "i agree." this type of agreement is known as a "click-through" agreement. if any of the terms of the click-through agreement are different than the terms of this privacy policy, the terms of the click-through agreement will supplement or amend this privacy policy, but only with respect to the matters governed by the "click-through agreement." what personal information does draper's & damon's collect through this site? information you give to us we collect the personal information that you knowingly and voluntarily provide when you use this site. for example, we collect the information you provide when you request information about products or services, request a catalog, purchase a product or service, contact us regarding a purchase, or enter a contest or promotion. this information may include your name, shipping/billing address, email address, phone or mobile phone number, credit or debit card information, social security number, age, birth date, gender, purchase/return/exchange information occupation, personal interests, and information used to verify your identity or for fraud prevention purposes. whether to provide such information is completely your own choice. but if you choose not to provide the information we request, you may be unable to purchase products, or access certain services, offers and content on this site. supplemental information to serve you better, we may combine information you give us by shopping our catalogs with the information we collect through this site. we may also supplement the information we collect through this site with information that is publicly available such as information based on your address, zip code or information you submit in a public forum (e.g. a blog, chat room, or social network). we may also supplement the information we collect through this site within information we receive from or cross-reference with our marketing partners. information sent to us by your web browser we collect information that is sent to us automatically by your web browser. this information typically includes the ip address of your internet service provider, your ip-based geographic location, the name and version of your operating system, the name and version of your browser, the date and time of your visit, the pages you visit and the web address you came from. please check your browser if you want to learn what information your browser sends or how to change your settings. this information sent to us by your web browser does not identify you personally. if, however, you have created a user identity on one of your visits to this site (for example, by making a purchase), we may link the information provided by your browser to information that identifies you personally and use it for the purposes described below. in addition, we may review our server logs for security purposes, such as detecting intrusions into our network. if we suspect criminal activity, we may share portions of our server logs, which contain visitors' ip addresses, with the appropriate investigative and/or law enforcement authorities who may use that information to trace and identify individuals. information collected using cookies and similar technologies we use "cookies" and similar technologies, such as web beacons (also referred to as "gif files," "pixels," or "action tags"), to collect information and support certain features of this site. for example, we may use these technologies to collect information that may include which pages you visit, which web address you came from, which links you use, and how long you stay on each page the type of browser/device/hardware you are using, purchase and checkout process, search terms you use and ip-based geographic location; support the features and functionality of this site - for example, to track the items you add to your shopping cart or to track your order; customize your site experience and our advertising and marketing to you including orchard entity advertising and marketing presented on another website or mobile application; save you the trouble of reentering information already in our database or to prompt the settings you established on previous visits to this site; personalize your shopping experience; manage and determine the effectiveness of our advertising and marketing efforts including how you respond to our advertising and marketing efforts; provide site security and or fraud prevention purposes. generally, the information we collect using these web technologies does not identify you personally. if, however, you have created a user identity we may link the information we collect using web technologies to other information that identifies you personally. if you do not wish to receive cookies, you may set your browser to reject cookies or to alert you when a cookie is placed on your computer. you may also delete cookies as soon as you leave a site. although you are not required to accept our cookies when you visit this site, if you set your browser to reject cookies, you will not be able to use all of the features and functionality of this site. information collected by third party advertising and marketing consultants third party advertising and marketing consultants use cookies, web beacons and other web technologies to collect certain information about visitors to this site. for interest-based advertising also known as online behavioral advertising (oba). as a result, third-party advertising and marketing companies may display on-line advertising for draper's & damon's or other companies to you on this site and on other websites. the information these third party advertising and marketing consultants collect and use includes non-personally identifiable information (e.g., click stream information, browser type, time and date, subject of advertisements clicked or scrolled over, hardware/software information, cookie and session id) and personally identifiable information (e.g. ip address). social media widgets this site includes social media features, such as the facebook like button, google plus, pinterest, and twitter widgets. these features may collect information about your ip address and which page you're visiting on our site, and they may set a cookie to make sure the feature functions properly. social media features and widgets are either hosted by a third party or hosted directly on our site. your interactions with those features are governed by the privacy policies of the companies that provide them. how does draper's & damon's use your personal information? we use the personal information we collect through this site to provide the products, information and services you request; for security, credit or fraud prevention purposes; to provide you with effective customer service; to provide you with a personalized experience when you use this site; to display personalized advertising when you visit this site; to contact you with special offers and other information we believe will be of interest to you (but only with your permission); to contact you with information and notices related to your use of this site; to invite you to participate in surveys and provide feedback to us; to invite you to participate in and administer sweepstakes and contests; to better understand your needs and interests; to improve the content, functionality and usability of this site; to improve our products and services; to improve our marketing and promotional efforts; and for any other purpose identified in an applicable privacy notice or other agreement between orchard entity and you. to learn more about the choices you have about the ways we use your personal information, see "your choices". how does draper's & damon's share my personal informaton? service providers we share personal information with companies and organizations that perform services on our behalf, for example, companies that provide support services to us (such as credit card processing services, data storage services, and web hosting services) or that help us market our products and services (such as third-party email marketing companies). these third parties are required by contract to use the personal information we share with them only to perform services on our behalf and to take commercially reasonable measures to protect the confidentiality and security of your personal information. with our marketing partners from time to time we may establish a business relationship with third parties whom we believe trustworthy. these are known as our "marketing partners." in such cases, we may share and cross-reference information, including some personal information about you, so that our marketing partners can contact you regarding products and services that may be of interest to you. if you do not want us to share your personal information with our marketing partners, you may "opt-out" at any time using one of the methods described below. with our affiliates we may share the personal information we collect through this site with our affiliates so that they can contact you regarding products and services that may be of interest to you. if you do not want us to share your personal information with our affiliates, you may "opt-out" at any time using one of the methods described below. business transfers your personal information may be transferred to a company that has acquired the stock or assets of draper's & damon's or one of our businesses, for example, as the result of a sale, merger, reorganization or liquidation. if such a transfer occurs, the acquiring company's use of your personal information will still be subject to this privacy policy and the privacy preferences you have expressed to us. compliance with laws and protection of our rights and the rights of others we may disclose personal information when we, in good faith, believe disclosure is appropriate to comply with the law, a court order or a subpoena. we may also disclose personal information to prevent or investigate a possible crime, such as fraud or identity theft; to enforce or apply our online terms of use or other agreements; or to protect our own rights or property or the rights, property or safety of our users or others. as described in a privacy notice we reserve the right to disclose your personal information as described in any privacy notice posted on the web page (or area) where you provide that information. by providing your personal information on that web page you will be consenting to the disclosure of your personal information as described in that privacy notice. as described in any other agreement between you and draper's & damon's we reserve the right to disclose your personal information as described in any click-through agreement or any other agreement between you and draper's & damon's. your choices in general we respect your right to make choices about the ways we collect, use and disclose your personal information. in most cases, we will ask you to indicate your choices at the time we collect your personal information. we will also include an "opt-out" link in newsletters or promotional emails we send you so that you can inform us that you do not wish to receive such communications from us in the future. if you have created an account or a personal profile on this site, you may be able to update some or all of your privacy choices by changing the settings on your account settings or profile page. direct marketing we want to communicate with you only if you want to hear from us. you have the choice to be excluded from our offers and promotions and to be excluded from sharing personal information with our affiliates or marketing partners. if you choose not to receive information from us or do not want us to share your personal information with our affiliates or marketing partners, please let us know by calling us at 1-866-654-2195 or by sending us an email at service@drapers.com please be sure to include your email address, full name, and specifically what information you do not want to receive, such as "no phone offers", "no mail offers", "no email offers", or "no sharing of information with marketing partners." do not include your social security number or account number in the email. we will respond to reasonable requests within a reasonable time and, in any event, within the time period required by law. even if you ask us not to share or use your personal information for direct marketing purposes, we may still use your personal information, when you purchase from us online or through our catalogs to contact you via phone, email or mail to address questions specific to your order, even if you have opted to not receive marketing communications. how can you update or correct your personal information? if you wish to update or correct your personal information, please let us know by calling us at 1-866-654-2195 or by sending us an email at service@drapers.com. please be sure to include your email address, full name, and specifically what information you would like to update or correct. if you contact us by email, do not include your social security number or account number. information collected by third party advertising and marketing consultants if you do not wish to receive our advertising or marketing consultants' cookies or similar technologies, you may "opt-out" at either the network advertising initiative website or digital advertising alliance website. we also participate in the adobe marketing cloud device co-op to better understand how you use our website and apps across the various devices you use, and to deliver tailored promotions. if you do not wish to participate, you may "opt-out" at adobe marketing cloud device co-op privacy control. do not track do not track signals your opt-out preference with an http header that requests that we disable tracking you on our site and across sites. at this time, we do not respond to browser "do not track" signals. protecting children our website is not focused on marketing or attracting minors and we do not knowingly collect personal information about anyone under the age of 18. anyone under the age of 18 should not use this site. our goal is to comply with applicable laws and regulations relating to collection and use of information from children, including the federal children's online privacy protection act. if you believe that we have received information from a child, please notify us immediately by calling us at 1-866-654-2195 or by sending us an email at service@drapers.com and we will remove that information from our database. security and confidentiality in general we take commercially reasonable administrative, physical and technological security measures to protect your personal information from unauthorized access, unauthorized use, and unauthorized or accidental destruction, modification or disclosure. although we take commercially reasonable precautions to provide a level of security appropriate to the sensitivity of the personal information we collect, we cannot guarantee the security of information provided over the internet or stored in our databases. password protected areas of this site for your protection, certain areas of this site are password protected. you are responsible for maintaining the confidentiality of your passwords. we have the right to assume that anyone accessing this site using a password assigned to you has the right to do so. you will be solely responsible for the activities of anyone accessing this site using a password assigned to you, even if the individual is not, in fact authorized by you. if you have reason to believe that your password has been compromised or used without authorization, you must promptly change it using the functionality provided on this site. do not use emails to communicate sensitive personal information never provide sensitive personal information (for example, your social security number, driver's license number or credit card information) to us via email. use the appropriate areas of this site to communicate this information or contact us by telephone. links to third party sites this site may contain links to web sites operated by other companies, including websites operated by our third-party service providers, our marketing partners, and other third parties. this privacy policy does not apply to personal information collected on any of these third-party sites. when you access third-party sites through a link on this site, please take a few minutes to review the privacy policy posted on that site. governing law this privacy policy is governed under the laws of the state of minnesota without regard to its conflicts of law provisions. interpretation as used in this privacy policy, the word "including" means "including, without limitation." contact us if you have questions about this policy or our privacy practices, please email us at service@drapers.com and write "privacy" in the subject line or write us at: draper's & damon's 100 technology drive irvine, ca 92628 keep current on the latest fashions and special offers. sign up for email and save 20% on your next purchase. dd_social customer service 1-866-654-2195 check order status email us draper's gift cards check gift card balance draper's credit card request a catalog shop online catalog site map customer service email us international@blair.com site map about us privacy policy terms of use shipping returns & exchanges sizing accessibility policy california transparency in supply chains act career opportunities coupon codes & promotions shop draper's new arrivals misses clothing petite's clothing women's clothing women's sale women's clearance shopping resources slimtacular guide alex evenings guide mother of the bride shop by season special occasion modest clothing © 2018 drapers & damons, llc all rights reserved.