来源URL: https://web.archive.org/web/20111230233828/http://www.whiteflash.com/about-diamonds/diamond-education/
================================================================================

diamond education at whiteflash my diamonds (0) my jewelry (0) last visited diamonds last visited jewelry register to receive better prices and discounts ideal diamonds and fine jewelry sign in wish list shopping cart loose diamonds loose diamonds search request a diamond learn about diamonds engagement rings solitaire settings three-stone settings diamond settings wedding sets design your ring request custom ring wedding bands diamond jewelry engagement rings wedding bands/anniversary bands whiteflash design diamond earrings and studs diamond pendants and necklaces diamond bracelets and bangles right hand rings men's jewelry colored gemstones dreams of africa pendant awear jewelry for conscious kids education news diamond education all about jewelry jewelry care essentials gems & gemology whiteflash policies tips and advice platinum faq custom jewelry design see our gallery custom ring buider request a diamond shop with confidence about whiteflash free verification free overnight shipping money back guarantee lifetime trade up one year buy back customer loyalty program testimonials customer reviews whiteflash - iso 9000 877-612-6770 livechat | contact education > diamond education whiteflash news 9/23/2011  what you need to know about loose diamonds what you need to know about loose diamonds whether you are buying your first diamond or your fifth, whether you are planning to treasure the stone in its loose form or have it set into custom jewelry, and whether you are buying for yourself or as a gift, you can always learn more about loose diamonds. for such small pieces of rock, diamonds seem to generate endless discussion and analysis. just visiting a diamond talk forum can show you enough to make your head spin. luckily, you can buy a fabulous loose diamond even if... read more give it the yes vote and win contest privacy policy last updated october  19, 2011 welcome, and thank you for visiting whiteflash.com! for over a decade, whiteflash inc. (whiteflash) has taken great pride in the relationships that it has developed with its customers and friends. we do our best to ensure that your experience with us is one that you will want to repeat and share with your friends. your privacy is very important to us, and whiteflash is dedicated to protecting your privacy and handling any personal information we... read more give it the yes vote and win contest by whiteflash inc. on wednesday november 16th 2011 give it the yes vote and win contest official rules this promotion is in no way sponsored by, endorsed by, administered by, or associated with facebook. by entering the give it the yes vote and win contest, you are providing your information to whiteflash inc., and not to facebook. the information you provide will only be used by whiteflash inc. for ordinary business purposes and its third-party vendor who is administering this contest. the information you provide... read more whiteflash diamond imaging whiteflash diamond imaging imaging is a very important part of whiteflash operations. many customers decide to purchase our high quality diamonds and jewelry sight unseen - some from the far side of the globe. to help with those decisions we provide a diamond image package to enable shoppers to see critical aspects of the diamonds and fine jewelry we offer.  we employ a team of fulltime photographers so that all in-house diamonds are presented on our website with a comprehensive set of photographic im... read more a cut above® hearts and arrows diamond melee a cut above® hearts and arrows diamond melee a cut above® hearts and arrows diamond melee are fully faceted small round diamonds of superb quality, graded in a similar fashion to our a cut above® hearts and arrows super ideals.  they are meticulously cut and polished, and selected by whiteflash for use in our finest jewelry pieces.  in addition to being ideally cut with hearts and arrows patterning, a cut above® melee are clean and white (f-g color, vs clarity), and non-fluorescent. ... read more 5/23/2011  a diamond is...for now? a diamond is...for now? when the debeers diamond company first coined the phrase “a diamond is forever” in 1947, they didn’t know that it would soon become the most widely recognized advertising slogan of the twentieth century. neither did they know that in the twenty-first century, savvy consumers would start questioning the slogan’s confidence that a diamond ring could and should last forever. in fact, although over 85% of engaged and married women now wear engagement rings, most o... read more 5/4/2011  pure perfection: d flawless a cut above® pure perfection: d flawless a cut above® diamonds are rare.  flawless diamonds are exceptionally rare.  flawless diamonds that are perfectly colorless are phenomenally rare.  how rare does that make diamonds that are perfect in color, clarity and also in cut? d color (perfectly colorless) if (internally flawless) diamonds are estimated to represent a miniscule .001% of world diamond production.   because diamond prices are based upon rarity, the price premium for perfect... read more 4/22/2011  top 5 diamond buying scams top 5 diamond buying scams many people are afraid of buying diamonds. after all, no matter how much you learn and research, if you aren’t a certified gemologist, it can be difficult to know exactly what you are buying and whether you are really getting a good deal. and as with anything as small and valuable as a diamond, there is always the fear of being ripped off or scammed by an unscrupulous jeweler. most jewelers are honest businesspeople who are genuinely trying to help you get a great diamond and a beautiful rin... read more a cut above® super ideal diamonds a cut above® super ideal diamonds “welcome to the world of extraordinary” let there be light…. in the beginning there were diamonds- they formed 100 million years ago at tremendous depth and pressure and were brought to the surface of the earth by extremely isolated volcanic events. phenomenally rare and precious, diamonds are also the hardest of all known substances. but it is their capacity for incredible beauty that makes them treasures of a lifetime.... read more 4/15/2011  13 things your jeweler isn’t telling you—and 13 solutions for every rookie mistake 13 things your jeweler isn’t telling you—and 13 solutions for every rookie mistake reader’s digest’s monthly feature exposes the secrets behind every service industry, from doctors to baristas, allowing you to make better, more informed choices no matter what service you are receiving or product you are buying. this month, reader’s digest turns its attention to jewelers, revealing the 13 most common mistakes that ill-informed consumers can make. but of course, not every jeweler would let you fa... read more 3/21/2011  loose diamond secrets loose diamond secrets shopping for diamonds—whether you want to buy a perfect loose diamond or a stunning engagement ring—can be scary or intimidating. there are so many factors to keep in mind, so many different kinds of diamonds out there, and when was the last time you spent a month’s salary on such a tiny little piece of rock? but with a few of these pro-level tips under your belt, you will be shopping for loose diamonds like a seasoned professional in no time. choosing the right jeweler is the sing... read more 3/3/2011  diamonds –from rough to polished diamonds –from rough to polished a diamond is just a sparkling little colorless rock that looks pretty in an engagement ring, or set into a pendant or pair of earrings. so why is it the center of every engagement, the symbol for all things valuable and precious, and the proverbial girl’s best friend? how is a rough diamond made into a sparkling gem? why do we buy diamonds anyway? the difference between a piece of rough diamond and a finished jewel is a time-consuming process of cutting and polishing. the secret... read more 2/21/2011  the big apple versus the big heart: shopping for diamonds in new york and houston shopping for diamonds in new york and houston for any diamond buyer in the know, the best place to shop for diamond jewelry has always been new york. the new york jewelry scene has practically every style and manifestation of wearable art, from the handmade earrings of the brooklyn flea to the world-class exclusivity and opulence of fifth avenue boutiques. diamond experts score deals from the wholesalers and importers of the diamond district, while people looking for a more refined shopping experience can turn to the expert... read more 2/7/2011  top five loose diamond myths debunking the top five loose diamond myths myth: when looking at a loose diamonds, your eye first notices the cut quality and then the color grade of the stone, so those are the most important factors when choosing a loose diamond reality: when you see a loose diamond, your eye perceives every facet of the stone’s quality at once—as one cohesive aesthetic judgment. not only that, but color is the single most difficult factor for the average layperson to discern, even on a loose diamond. if a diamond is cu... read more 12/21/2010  10 things you need to know about round diamond certification 10 things you need to know about round diamond certification ags platinum certificate 1.  the two most respected and trusted gemological laboratories in the world for diamond certification are the gia (gemological institute of america) gem trade laboratory and the ags (american gem society) laboratory. the ags was established by the founders of the gia. 2.  the gia is the most well-known lab having developed the color and clarity grading system used today throughout the world.&... read more 11/18/2010  five easy ways for bringing social media to your engagement plans or wedding day five easy ways for bringing social media to your engagement plans or wedding day twitter, blogs and forums, youtube, facebook, flickr can create a simple way of broadcasting your engagement and wedding day plans to the world. make sure you use these social media venues as great resources to ask questions about proposing, shopping and wedding day ideas. try out the numerous resources available to you as a new bride or groom from wedding planning inquiries to groom speeches or great toasts during a dinner party. with social... read more 10/2/2010  journey from the center of the earth: from mine to ring journey from the center of the earth: from mine to ring long before it was set in gold and sparkling on your finger, that diamond was nothing more than a lump of coal lying deep beneath the earth’s surface. at a depth of about 100 miles below the earth’s surface, under tremendous heat and pressure, the diamonds begin to form when the carbon forms eight-sided crystals. the intensity of the heat and pressure forms strong atomic bonds within the crystal, giving the diamon... read more 9/10/2010  in an ideal world: all about the ideal round cut in an ideal world: all about the ideal round cut everyone knows about the four c’s of diamond grading—carat weight, clarity, cut and color. most of these are relatively straightforward—you want to buy the stone with the best grades your budget will allow. but cut, the most important characteristic of your diamond, is a little more difficult to understand. cut does not refer to the shape of your diamond, a common misconception, but the quality of the cutting of the stone. not b... read more 9/3/2010  your guide to buying loose diamonds: the top ten diamond shapes part ii the top ten diamond shapes part ii when you buy a loose diamond, you are focused exclusively on the diamond itself: its clarity, carat weight, color and cut. the term “cut” can refer to two features of diamond quality—the shape or the quality of the cutting of the diamond, i.e. the “cut quality”. both are important elements to look at when selecting a loose diamond for purchase. the top ten diamond shapes comprise almost all the diamond jewelry you will find, and when buying a loose diamond, c... read more 9/2/2010  your guide to buying loose diamonds: the top 10 shapes you didn’t know part i the top five shapes you didn’t know oval oval diamond when buying a loose diamond, the oval shape is a great choice because oval diamonds can be used in many settings and styles of jewelry. they are often found in rings and necklaces with intricate settings and multiple stones, although they can work well in simple designs as well.... read more whiteflash.com praised for conflict free diamond site one american jeweler determined to address africa’s continued suffering has introduced a conflict-free diamond pendant. online diamond retailer whiteflash.com along with the world centers of compassion for children international (wccci) launched an initiative in which 100 percent of proceeds from conflict-free diamond pendant go to wccci. “whiteflash.com has some of the finest ethically produced designer bridal jewelry available,” said debi wexler, president of whiteflash.com and conflict free diamond... read more whiteflash.com shares diamond expertise with washington post whiteflash.com: the diamond & engagement ring experts a unique gift from nature loose diamonds are both the most magical and versatile of nature’s creations, and have fascinated mankind for over four thousand years. they reflect powerful values of love and commitment, and have contributed significantly to scientific and economic progress—from their use in industrial manufacturing and construction, to the development of intricate surgical instruments. today, an estimated 10 mi... read more 12/14/2009  lean financial times gives boost to purchase of higher quality goods for holidays according to a recent poll by the national retail federation, “53% of americans say they will be spending less money this holiday season.”  being in the throws of such challenging economic times, it’s hard to fathom that people are even thinking of shopping for the upcoming holiday. well think again! as the great musician kerry king said, “the show must go on”— and so it will, just a little more fine tuned. this upcoming holiday people are not totally swearing off of buying gifts fo... read more 12/14/2009  loose diamonds are going green in 2010 loose diamonds are going green in 2010 the year 2009 is almost upon us and as with every year, a new day brings a new jewelry trend. jewelry is going green this year and natural material will top the list of must haves. conflict free diamonds and green materials will reign on the top of the jewelry list and wearing them will be all about drowning yourself in accessories. the 2010 fashion trend for jewelry offers a sort of celebration for mother earth and this celebration is nothing less than huge. large social... read more 12/14/2009  tiffany inspired jewelry from whiteflash.com love is precious, sweet, and unique too. this is the reason why people often opt for designer engagement rings when one has to propose something special to his/her sweetheart. the market of engagement ring is vast, and it offers unique yet amazing design and styles for your special someone. dazzle your love life with a diamond engagement tiffany rings created by you as it will truly express your feelings. this type of engagement ring can give you and your would-be-bride a reason to smile. there are many benefits attached... read more budgeting for your diamond purchase budgeting (the 5th c:  cost) you may have heard suggestions about that the appropriate sum to spend on a diamond is based upon your salary. you should disregard such advice and spend what you are comfortable spending. the experience will be much more pleasurable if you set a budget and work within it. there are small compromises that can be made to fit a nice looking diamond into almost any budget. in each of the sections on the four c's we give advice on getting the best bang for the buck. they are compiled below fo... read more 10 diamond cuts and their meanings from classic round to cutting-edge cushion, rate your sparkler with our savvy diamond guide. pear the look: resembling a teardrop, a pear-shaped diamond has the fire and beauty of a round shape, but with a less conventional look. this shape can also make a wide finger look slimmer. this choice says you’re: even-tempered and adaptable. oval the look: if you love the gorgeous sparkle of a round, brilliant-cut diamond but still want something unique, consider an oval. a fresh take on a timeless style, this new... read more all about titanium wedding rings all about titanium wedding rings titanium has become a standard of choice in today’s jewelry industry. along side platinum and gold shoppers are faced with a multitude of options when it comes to metal. traditionally gold and platinum have taken center stage in popularity but silently titanium has established itself as a formidable rival. as with any major jewelry style, there are many question that emerge when considering whether or not to buy titanium: is it indestructible? is it more exp... read more diamond clarity diamond clarity nearly every diamond contains some external blemishes or internal inclusions that can be detected with magnification. to the extent that diamonds are free of these characteristics they are more rare and valuable. diamonds with higher clarity or "purity" are more expensive than diamonds with lower clarity and more imperfections. in addition to being rarer, stones with higher clarity are capable of reflecting and refracting light better. diamonds are graded for diamond clarity based upon... read more diamond carat weight this is the easiest factor to understand, although there is a little wrinkle here too! carat is a measure of weight: 5 carats = 1 gram, 1carat = 0.20 gram. carat weight is stated decimal terms, such that one carat is written 1.00ct. one and a half carat = 1.50ct, three quarters of a carat = 0.75ct and so on. diamonds under one carat are commonly talked about in terms of "points" which are simply percentage points of a carat (1.00ct= 100 points). so a quarter of a carat (0.25ct) is said to be 25 points, half car... read more diamond color almost all loose diamonds possess some degree of body color, usually yellow or brown. a small percentage of diamonds are colorless, and an even smaller number possess body color so strong that they are classified as "fancy colors". color is graded on the scale developed by the gia and is almost universally used today to classify diamonds in the world market. the "normal range" of this alphabetic scale starts at "d" (colorless) and runs through "z" (light yellow o... read more diamond cut diamond cut cut is the only diamond value factor that is the result of human input. this important factor may be the most difficult to understand because it is the most technical, but gaining a basic understanding does not have to be daunting. cut refers to the proportioning, alignment and finish of a diamond's polished faces or facets. proper cutting enables a diamond to perform at its best and release its full potential for fire and brilliance. a well cut diamond will be more beautiful and more valuable than a poo... read more 10/6/2009  getting the best bling for your buck! the term “bling” is everywhere these days, but it’s nothing more than a slang term referring to flashy or elaborate jewelry. it may seem like an easy task to determine whether a stone has been cut well because it will sparkle, right? when purchasing diamonds or any precious stones, be wary of low-quality inventory that retailers are trying to pass off as high-quality choices. but don’t worry. whiteflash.com is dedicated giving you a true diamond education through our extensive online lib... read more 10/6/2009  how do i know if my diamond is conflict free? so what can you do to make sure you have a guilt-free diamond to say “i do”? even before the release of blood diamond socially conscious couples have been actively searching for conflict free diamonds for their engagement and wedding rings. so-called blood diamonds are typically mined in african war zones and sold to fund devastating civil wars. for the past 15 years, an estimated 500,000 angolans, 50,000 people in sierra leone, and nearly 4 million people in the democratic republic of congo have... read more 10/6/2009  not sure what jewelry to give? here's what’s appropriate it’s one of the toughest questions around holidays, birthdays, anniversaries... what type of jewelry is appropriate for the length of time we’ve been dating? there’s no easy answer, and pitfalls are everywhere. how much do you spend? do you go with a necklace or a bracelet? is giving earrings tacky? and the longer you’ve been dating, the question always becomes: “do i buy a ring ever, especially when she’s expecting that ring...?” so i turned to debi wexler, one of the... read more 10/6/2009  what are some questions i can ask jewelers about conflict free diamonds? what is the kimberly process? the kimberly process – created in 2003– is a voluntary, self-regulated system that established standards for certifying diamonds. a diamond with a kimberly certificate guarantees that sales of that diamond did not go to finance a civil war. you can also feel good in knowing that 100% of whiteflash’s dreams of africa collection profits go to communities impacted by the jewelry trade (wccci). some initial questions to ask a jeweler regarding conflict diamonds are: what are your co... read more 10/1/2009  engagement ring shopping: manswers! popping the question is tough, but finding a diamond engagement ring she’s been dreaming about can be tougher!  the time has come for the man to make the most important purchase of his life and the options are girly?  we’re not talking about his next sports car, we’re talking about the engagement ring for the woman he is settling down for. if you’ve spent any time looking for rings, you will notice the entire experience is usually very uncomfortable for men.  many j... read more a better bling without blood diamond you are looking for a diamond with a good cause. you’re a diamond lover. you’ve got countless pieces of jewelry studded with diamonds. you are looking to find an engagement ring with the right cause. you are one of those people who just can’t resist the glitter and brilliance that goes with a diamond. then you learn about the existence of blood diamonds. your world is suddenly turned upside down. that may be a satiric narrative but the subject is dead serious. blood diamonds are u... read more 10/1/2009  a groom’s guide to wedding rings a groom’s guide to wedding rings the last thing a groom thinks about is his wedding ring. it’s the poor cousin to his bride’s spectacular diamond engagement ring. that said, the groom’s wedding ring is the one indicator that this man has a gorgeous wife somewhere, possibly on his arm. the great news is that a groom and bride’s wedding rings are the one item in a wedding that don’t cost a fortune. in this article, whiteflash.com covers what a man needs to know about the most... read more budget friendly engagement rings budget friendly engagement and wedding rings it’s proposal season and many future grooms were wondering how to pop the question without blowing their bank account (especially since the average engagement rings costs $4,225). debi wexler, ceo of whiteflash.com, is here to show you some recession-friendly engagement ring  trends-after all, you’ll want to save that money for the big day. alternative metals • platinum and gold are the go-to metals for wedding ri... read more 6/1/2009  engagement ring styles 2 engagement ring styles diamond three stone rings this style was previously pitched as an anniversary wedding ring with the three stones symbolizing a couple's past, present and future. in recent years, its popularity as an engagement ring has skyrocketed. the romantic symbolism here can't be beat — the sparkling triplets are a testament to the couple's confidence that their union will be a long and happy one. whether you choose side stones that match the carat weight and shape of the center solitair... read more cyber bling: tips for online diamond shopping i’ll confess: i have an online shopping habit. i’ve spent many an evening pouring over the pages of zappos.com while sipping chardonnay. too many sips, and 4-5 business days later i end up with some really peculiar and definitely impractical shoes delivered right to my front door. this is why i only drink-and-shop in cyber-stores that offer free shipping and have a very relaxed return policy. my husband has the male version of an internet shopping fetish, which drove him to impulse-purchase a new car on... read more 4/28/2009  love has gone platinum love has gone platinum two people, three platinum rings. select the pure, rare and eternal qualities of platinum for your three bridal rings – the engagement ring, which represents the promise of marriage, and the two wedding bands, signifying a lifelong commitment of marriage. these three rings will be worn every day as a symbol of what you mean to one another. platinum is usually 90-95% pure, which means you’re not only getting more of what you are paying for, you’ll be wearing something pure, natura... read more diamond solitaire engagement rings diamond rings on you mind? does your lover cherish solitaire rings? here are tips on choosing a beautiful ring for your lover. like most other purchases, start your search by browsing the net for your purchase. here are some useful tips on comparing and buying diamond jewelry online. diamond rings what is the most exciting diamond rings style on the market? perhaps, the most elegant rings are diamond solitaire rings in popular styles include the basket, trellis, cathedral, bezel set and of course... read more hearts & arrows: the ideal cut diamond when measuring the quality and value of a diamond, the 4c's are common analyzed components. the cut, color, clarity, and carat weight are not only referenced when shopping for a diamond, but they are routine measurements of quality and value. many people wonder what is the most important detail, what factor determines the brightness and the eye-catching appeal of a diamond? most jewelers would agree it's the cut. when faced with the dilemma of compromising certain characteristics, never think of compromising the cu... read more ideal diamonds: king of cut the ideal cut diamond has remained the undisputed "king of cut" in the diamond world for decades.  it has long been heralded for its ideal balance of maximum reflection and dispersion.  however, in the last twenty years or so, some ideal manufacturers began to drift away from the strict proportions prescribed by marcel tolkowski.  the reasons for this evolution revolve around yield (trying to get a diamond with more carat weight), big price jumps between size categories i.e.... read more diamond anniversary rings anniversary wedding bands diamond anniversary rings are a popular gift from husbands to wives, regardless of whether they are celebrating their first or their fiftieth anniversary. when selecting an appropriate ring, however, couples should take care to find a quality piece that symbolizes their ongoing love and commitment. styles of diamond anniversary rings just as there are many different engagement ring designs, there are also many styles of anniversary rings. choosing a diamond ring provides continu... read more 2/23/2009  the perfect diamond ring all i need is the diamond ring, a perfect one, so perfect she wouldn't say no! after all, diamonds are girl's best friend (a song featuring marilyn monroe). how much should i spend? where do i buy it? what kind of ring/diamond should i buy for her? the easiest way to shop for a ring would be internet i.e. online shopping. it gives a lot of options, beyond the regular established brands like de beers. but first of all, let's see a few basic aspects: color, cut, carat and clarity, known as 4 c's of a diamon... read more why whiteflash does not use brilliantscope the brilliance scope analyzer is a tool that purports to return values for white light, color light and scintillation in a diamond using an imaging spectrophotometer in a controlled lighting environment. the attractive quality of this machine is the consumer-friendly report it produces:  the results page includes colorized photos and simply stated values.  it is a tool suited for jewelers looking to quantify diamond beauty on paper in a way that the casual shopper may easily comprehend. after te... read more what is aset? what you see in the aset. the angular spectrum evaluation tool (or aset) is used in the new ags grading system for light performance assessment. light performance assessment is 1 of 3 sub-grades in the overall cut grade category. before making summary judgments it is important to note the weighting of the aset and the single view it offers: using the desktop or handheld model you see just one static view of a diamond. ags will be allowing members... read more about the holloway cut advisor overview the hca is a computer algorithm that predicts light performance of a diamond based on several measurements.  it is a useful tool for rejection, but should not be thought of as absolute.  the best use of hca is to enter measurements and see if it identifies that diamond as an excellent or very good performer. the actual number is meaningless.  for a minute let’s pretend that sarin measurements are completely accurate.  even so, hca does not take into accou... read more 8/6/2007  diamonds: how to tell cz from diamond diamond stimulants like cz may be suitable for costume jewelry, and the average person in casual circumstances may not know the difference between a cz and a natural diamond.  however, no professional will be fooled and laymen who would like to know the difference between diamond and cz can try these fun and easy tests: the huff test hold the stone in question next to a diamond and "huff" on them with your hot breath. both stones will fog up. the diamond will clear up rapidly, while a cz will tak... read more intro to scintillation studies by agsl scintillation events agsl defines scintillation as “the white or colored sparkles that are seen when the observer and/or the light source and/or the diamond moves.” using their ray-tracing engine and computer muscle the lab is beginning to quantify scintillation events in a diamond by number, location and size. since scintillation is dynamic agsl has started to add animated analysis in planning for future grading systems. click on this link to see a screen capture of a 9mm tolkowsky close to... read more whiteflash a cut above® and brilliancescope we are sometimes asked how whiteflash a cut above® diamonds perform on machines used by merchants as selling aids. the most popular of these is brilliancescope; in use by several mall jewelry chain stores. * how do whiteflash a cut above® diamonds perform on gemex’s brilliancescope? they achieve the highest ratings. we had the brilliancescope at whiteflash for a trial period and measured 50 diamonds. the results were ideal, and we enjoyed an... read more color: important information about color appearance color grades are not absolute. two diamonds with the same grade can appear very different, depending on which labs did the grading, cut quality, shape, size and other important particulars. since we don’t wear a tag boasting the color of the diamond it’s important to know what factors may influence the color a viewer will see. laboratory grading it’s most important to know that laboratories don’t enforce the same standards. diamonds graded by the ags and gia are hel... read more 1/22/2007  the final c: choosing your diamond choosing your diamond can be a difficult and personal decision. the most important aspect of choosing a diamond is settling upon a cut and shape that you will love and finding the quality and confirmation that you feel comfortable with. choosing a diamond is as important as learning how to buy a diamond. recognizing the 4 c's when choosing a diamond is essential in finding the perfect diamond to give a lifetime of beauty. it's all about the diamond's cut:  the only one of the 4cs that is within man's control is... read more what is the diamond's culet? the culet is a tiny flat facet that may be put on the bottom of the pavilion of a diamond, parallel to the table facet at the top of the crown. most modern round diamonds have either no culet (also described as pointed or closed), or a very small, or small culet.  large or extremely large culets were common in diamonds cut in the early part of this century, such as the old european or old mine cut. however, such large culets are rarely seen today. for many years all diamonds had the culet facet... read more clarity: what is clarity enhancement? clarity: what is clarity enhancement? clarity enhancement techniques include laser drilling and fracture filling. the ags and gia will not accept fracture-filled diamonds for grading. they will grade laser drilled diamonds but the ftc requires that it be noted on the grading report. whiteflash will not sell clarity or color enhanced diamonds. laser drilling laser drilling was developed in the 1980s. an infrared laser is used to bore fine holes into a diamond in... read more 11/16/2006  diamonds: how do they form? if you look at the chemistry of diamond, it is pure carbon. the different arrangement of the carbon atoms makes it a unique gem. diamonds have been considered precious since ancient times and is popular for their strength, hardness and purity.  but only in the hands of a master diamond cutter does a diamond's sheer beauty become apparent. diamond rough how a diamond is formed? diamonds were formed in the earth thousands of years ago under extreme heat and pressure. this extreme hea... read more 11/16/2006  what to wear... diamond jewelry! when the social issues research centre investigated the trends that would define the dawn of the first decade of the 21st century, they found that many people thought of this period as the “decade of fear”, due to the immense media coverage of 9/11, the tsunami and the war on terror. as a result, people are increasingly likely to stay at home, to indulge themselves and to demand everything on their own terms. one great way to combine all three is to treat yourself to gorgeous jewelery, ordered from the comfort of... read more 10/22/2006  whiteflash | loose diamonds for sale - loose diamond search and comparaison loose diamonds for sale loose diamonds start your ring with our loose diamonds for sale. the diamond will be the ultimate focal point of the ring, so why not begin with its selection process? use our drop-down menu to browse loose diamonds for sale that fit your style and budget. the loose diamond prices of our gems range from low to high depending on what type of gem stone you are looking for. whiteflash.com provides the largest in-hou... read more 10/22/2006  ideal cut diamonds ideal cut diamonds - the culture of quality the ideal diamond cut is the most important and perhaps the most misunderstood and controversial of the 4cs. diamond dealers refer to cut as make, and it is the only feature of a diamond that can be controlled by man. the craftsmen at whiteflash ensure that every whiteflash a cut above hearts & arrows diamond attains the height of beauty and workmanship and therefore sells only perfectly cut round brilliant diamonds. precision cutting is required to maximize... read more color: what is color enhancement? warning:  coatings coatings are not permanent and are typically done to deceive the buyer. the diamond may be coated with a substance to mask yellowish tint or have an area of dark ink painted strategically under the setting to counteract the yellowish color. some coatings may be applied with heat but will eventually rub off with normal wear and cleaning. color enhancement the most well-known color enhancements are hpht and irradiation. although color enhanced diamonds may be acc... read more color differences in diamonds the differences between descending nuances of color in diamonds are subtle and can be influenced by things like fluorescence and the quality of the diamond’s cut - especially in rounds.  a well-cut near-colorless (ghij) round can have a face-up appearance as good or better than colorless (def) rounds of average cut.  with well-cut rounds the face-up differences between near-colorless diamonds (ghij) are particularly subtle.  descending colors in fancy shapes are not as influenced by goo... read more 10/9/2006  what’s so super about superideal diamonds? superideal diamonds are all about maximized performance.  one huge benefit is crown and pavilion angles close to tolkowsky’s, meaning the best true ideal cut.  once those proportions are reached, this is where most cutters of “ideal” diamonds stop.  superideal diamonds go even deeper. when our superideal diamonds are cut we use extra rough and extra time spent to get precise three-dimensional optical symmetry, where every facet is brought into optimum alignment with its opposite. ... read more what hearts & arrows patterning does for a diamond all ideal cut round diamonds will have robust light return.  the benefit of hearts and arrows patterning reveals itself in differing lighting conditions and surroundings, particularly in softer conditions. bright, direct light makes any diamond perform well, particularly the spotlighting you see in common jewelry stores.  these overhead spotlights are designed to maximize brilliance and fire in order to sell any diamond.  the balance of what you see does depend on the c... read more what is an ags 000 or 'triple zero?' ags 0,  ags 000 and ags triple zero -  ideal cut diamonds the american gem society laboratory (agsl) uses a 0-10 grading scale with 0 being the best (ideal). over time terminology usage has changed. traditionally an ags 'triple zero' was a diamond receiving grades of zero in cut, color and clarity on a diamond quality document cut grade: ags 0 (ideal) polish: ideal symmetry: ideal proportions: ideal color grade: ags 0 (d) clarity grade: ags... read more 9/19/2006  whiteflash diamond rating whiteflash ratings indicate quality/value based on available measurements, polish & symmetry grades and performance data balanced with the price of the diamond. our team has over a combined century of diamond cutting, lab grading, appraisal and professional education experience. all in-house diamonds have been analyzed firsthand. outside diamonds available to us are rated based on available information (we cannot guarantee details of outside diamonds). 5 sta... read more 9/17/2006  a cut above® princess super ideal diamonds a cut above® princess super ideal diamond joining the extraordinary a cut above® round hearts and arrows in the whiteflash “royal family” is the a cut above® princess. it is the absolute “best of the best” in terms of cut quality and light performance, delivering unparalleled fire, brilliance and scintillation in a princess cut diamond. to achieve the distinction of a cut above® princess, a diamond must first be certified by the american gem society... read more 9/13/2006  visible perfection - hearts & arrows diamonds whiteflash a cut above® hearts & arrows diamonds are cut so precisely that their facet reflections overlap at a microscopic level, creating a kaleidoscopic pattern of hearts seen in the pavilion and arrows seen in the crown of the diamond.  a reflective viewer provides concrete evidence of total optical symmetry, and superb cut. the pictures below display the actual representation of the top and bottom view of an whiteflash a cut above® hearts &... read more beware of phony hearts and arrows diamonds many retail and e-tail stores claim to sell hearts and arrows diamonds. some of them may well be, but many are not. just because a diamond is cut to ideal proportions with an ags0 does not mean that it will exhibit a crisp hearts and arrows pattern. in addition to being ideal, the diamond has to have super symmetry - where all the angles and facets have to be perfect. a perfectly cut hearts and arrows diamond heart shapes are all ev... read more 9/13/2006  introduction to hearts & arrows diamonds according to gia study of over 60,000 diamonds less than 3% could satisfy ideal proportions. only one per million diamonds can be called a true hearts and arrows diamond. hearts & arrows is the term used for superideal cut diamonds that exhibit a complete and precise hearts & arrows pattern. hearts & arrows diamonds have three distinguishing factors – perfection in polish, symmetry, and proportion. this effect is attained when all the facets are precisely aligned and the diamonds are cut and polished to... read more how hearts & arrows diamonds are formed hearts & arrows formation and grading in april 2004 whiteflash.com presented his grading system for hearts & arrows optical symmetry at the first international diamond cut conference in moscow, russia. it was hoped that laboratories and peers would unite to maintain higher standards for manufacture of diamond sold as "hearts & arrows." though laboratories do not offer a grade for hearts & arrows, whiteflash does, and safeguards buyers of the whiteflash aca brand with a guarantee of opti... read more diamond grading hearts & arrows diamonds hearts & arrows formation and grading in april 2004 whiteflash.com presented our diamond grading system for hearts & arrows optical symmetry at the first international diamond cut conference in moscow, russia. it was hoped that laboratories and peers would unite to maintain higher standards for manufacture of diamond sold as "hearts & arrows." though laboratories do not offer a grade for hearts & arrows, whiteflash does, and safeguards buyers of the whiteflash aca brand with a guaran... read more 8/31/2006  visual balance in diamonds…literally whiteflash out cuts the competition with its exclusive brand of true hearts & arrows diamonds all diamonds sparkle, but none like the whiteflash a cut above® which is the leading h&a diamond sold exclusively on the internet, and remains the only h&a diamond with a guarantee of true optical symmetry. available at the company’s e-store, www.whiteflash.com, whiteflash  a cut above® diamonds exhibit one-of-a-kind optical symmetry, whereby all of the dia... read more 8/24/2006  princess with a twist! welcome x-factor®, the newest expert selection diamond from whiteflash.com:  a modern version of our traditional princess cut diamond, this chic square has "clipped" corners, at the points which improve durability and increase visible size for carat weight.  securely seated under your setting’s prongs, the clipped corners  protect often-vulnerable points.  cut for reliable, blazing performance, x-factor® is well-suited for dynamic, active people who love the appealing look of a s... read more diamond care although diamonds are the hardest substance known on earth, they require care to preserve their brilliance. diamonds have a great affinity to oils. exposure during ordinary wear can dull the surface of a diamond. for example, lotions, cooking oil and products etc. regular cleaning is important in keeping the diamond brilliant and refractive. to restore the original luster, brilliance and fire of your diamond, soak it overnight in a solution of hand dishwash liquid and warm water. remove it and gently brush it with a tooth... read more craftmanship the craftsmen of whiteflash a cut above possess numerous years of experience in crafting whiteflash a cut above® hearts & arrows diamonds to perfection. they possess the experience and expertise to deliver superideal hearts & arrows diamonds to you. fine precision, rigid standards and perfected cutting techniques produce diamonds that excel in brilliance, fire and scintillation. the average round brilliant diamond - approximately 97% of the worlds total production, is cut for maximum cara... read more 8/23/2006  the 4 cs - carat what is carat? you have probably heard of the “cs” used to describe diamond quality.  carat weight, color and clarity have been used on paper since the 1930s to judge diamonds.  in this tutorial we will present important information about the traditional 3 cs, and critical information on cut, the 4th c, that may change the way you look at diamonds. carat weight the weight of a diamond is expressed in carats.  this term comes from ancient times when gems were weighed against the carob bean. ... read more 8/23/2006  the 4 cs - clarity almost all diamonds have natural characteristics called inclusions.  inclusions are formed during crystallization.  some are microscopic and cannot be seen with the naked eye.  the clarity grade indicates how clean or included a diamond is under extreme scrutiny. clarity grading f and if mean the diamond is flawless or internally flawless when examined by a trained professional under 10 power magnification.  such diamonds are very rare and are costly. vvs1 and vvs2 stand for very very... read more 8/23/2006  the 4 cs - diamond color diamond color even though they are transparent, most diamonds contain some hint of color.  this is caused by the presence of nitrogen in the earth where they formed.   diamond color grading is done on a scale of d to z. d is ‘icy-white.’ these diamonds are the most colorless and most rare, so they are considered most valuable.  there are 23 descending grades, so the increasing hints of color are... read more the 4 cs - cut analysis diamond cut- the most important of the 4 c's there are two approaches used to analyze diamond cut quality. proportion assessment utilizes a 2 dimensional approach that takes the outer measurements of a diamond and predicts how it will handle light. performance assessment measures the actual light output of the diamond and compares it to established standards. the gemological institute of america (gia) grades the cut of round diamonds only. the gia system consists of 5 grades: excellen... read more 8/23/2006  the 4 cs - cut information cut is the most important aspect of diamond beauty.  it is the only factor controlled by man, but for many years it has been the least discussed.  here you will learn what details have the most impact on a diamond’s beauty and more importantly, how to find this information. the importance of cut grading cut refers to more than just a diamond’s shape.  it refers to more than depth, table, polish and symmetry.  a round diamond’s cut quality also depends on physical measurements... read more 8/23/2006  the 5th c - confirmation before internet sales existed, shoppers always viewed diamonds under blazing jewelry store lights. in many ways diamonds sold themselves. grading reports to confirm pedigree were afterthoughts. on the internet, the opposite is true: the online shopper is offered confirmation of performance and pedigree before ever seeing the diamond live. it’s a complete reversal. at whiteflash we provide enough proof and documentation for you to make a completely confident buying decision before you see the premium diamond we are s... read more 8/23/2006  what if my diamond breaks while you are setting or working with it? such accidents are extremely rare and you are covered financially by our insurance should any damage occur. as a gesture of goodwill we might offer replacement options or re-cutting services, at our discretion (these terms apply to in-house diamonds only).... read more well cut well cut proportions ensure the maximum compromise between fire and brilliance. when light enters a properly cut diamond, it is reflected from facet to facet, and then back up through the top, exhibiting maximum brilliance, fire and sparkle.... read more yag yttrium aluminum garnet. a modern simulant or imitation of a natural diamond.... read more royal asscher cut royal asscher cut diamonds are patented (2002) and are cut exclusively by the asscher family in amsterdam. the asscher family insignia and a unique identification number is inscribed on each diamond. "royal asscher" is different from simple "asscher" diamonds by having an additional 16 facets (74 as opposed to 58). ... read more saturation a color's position on a neutral to vivid scale. the most desirable gemstones, which show very little gray or brown, are often described as having vivid or strong color saturation.... read more scintillation scintillation is sparkle. the tiny flashes of light noticeable in a diamond when the observer moves his/her head. scintillation may also be described as the flashes of brilliance and dispersion (reflected white light and colored flashes or fire) that are seen in a diamond when either the observer or the diamond is moving.  thus scintillation may be witnessed when the observer moves his or her head or from across the room as a person walks by with their diamond ring.... read more shallow cut cut refers to the angles and proportions a skilled craftsman creates in transforming a rough diamond into a finished diamond. when a diamond is cut too shallow, it will lose or leak light through the side or bottom. this results in less brilliance and value.... read more shape there are eight common diamond shapes. they are round, marquise, pear, oval, heart, princess, radiant, emerald, and trillion. the round is the most popular diamond shape (the rest are called "fancy-shaped"). there are also other diamond shapes created and sold by manufacturers.... read more 8/9/2006  loupe a small magnifying glass usually set in an eyepiece and used chiefly by watchmakers and jewelers.  power is usually 10x.... read more tolkowsky, marcel in 1919 marcel tolkowsky calculated the best theoretical compromise for the cut of a diamond to release the most beauty. the width of the table facet was found to be 53% of the total width of the stone, with a pavilion angle of 40 degrees and 45 degrees. the tolkowsky cut provides the basis for the modern american cut.... read more treated diamond fancy color treatment: a diamond with a body color induced by some form of artificial irradiation, often in conjunction with controlled heating (known as annealing). other possible treatments of diamonds are: coating, fracture filling, spot bleaching by laser, electromagnetic conduction, whitening by extreme pressure and heat, etc.... read more trillion cut trillion is a triangular cut of diamond.... read more twinning wisp a cloudy area produced by crystal structure distortion, usually associated with twinning planes.... read more upper girdle facet an upper girdle facet is one of the 16 facets found on the lower crown portion of the diamond (abutting the girdle).... read more proportions the proportions of a diamond are very important, so that the maximum amount of light be reflected off and out of a stone. proportion is the relationship between the angles of the facets of the crown and pavilion.... read more radiant cut a radiant cut diamond combines the generally square length-to-width ratios of an emerald-cut with the triangular faceting of a brilliant-cut. this fancy-shaped diamond has trimmed corners which make the diamond very versatile.... read more rough girdle a grainy or pitted girdle surface, often with nicks.... read more length-to-width ratio a comparison of how much longer a diamond is than it is wide. it is used to analyze the outline of fancy shape diamonds only; it is never applied to round diamonds. there's really no such thing as an 'ideal' ratio; it's simply a matter of personal aesthetic preferences. for example, while many people are told that a 2 to 1 ratio is best for a marquise cut diamond, most people actually tend to prefer a ratio of around 1.80 to 1 when they actually look at marquise diamonds. and though the standard accepted range for the l... read more simulant also called: imitation. any diamond-like material, either natural or artificial, that is marketed as a “look-alike” for a natural diamond. i.e. glass, zirconium, yag, ggg, moissanite, etc.... read more single cut a very small round diamond with only 16 or 17 facets, instead of the normal 57 or 58 facets of a full cut round brilliant diamond. single cut diamonds are occasionally used for pavé jewelry and other jewelry that utilizes numerous small diamonds set closely together.... read more spread stone a diamond with a large table and a thin crown height.... read more star facet one of the eight triangular facets found on the upper crown section (next to the table) of a brilliant-cut diamond.... read more step cut step cut the step cut diamond has rows of facets that resemble the steps of a staircase. the emerald cut diamond and the baguette diamond are examples of the step cut.... read more surface graining surface indication of structural irregularity. may resemble faint facet junction lines, or cause a grooved or wavy surface, and often cross facet junctions.... read more symmetry a diamond's symmetry is the arrangement of the facets and finished angles, created by the diamond cutter. excellent symmetry of a well-cut and well-proportioned diamond can have a great effect on the diamond's brilliance and fire. grading reports will often state the diamond's symmetry in terms excellent, very good, good, fair, or poor.... read more table the largest facet which sits on top of a diamond. this is where most of the light enters and exits a diamond.... read more table spread term used to describe the width of the table facet, often expressed as a percentage of the total width of the stone.... read more tension setting a tension-set diamond is held in place by the pressure of the band’s metal, which is designed to “squeeze” the stone.... read more irradiated diamond a diamond that has been exposed to radiation.... read more knot an included diamond crystal that reaches the surface of a polished diamond.... read more laser drill hole a laser drill hole is a tiny tube created in a diamond by laser drilling, which is often done to treat diamonds.... read more laser drilling laser drilling is a diamond enhancement technique whereby a laser is used to drill to an inclusion which is then bleached to enhance the diamond’s appearance.... read more laser identification a microscopic inscription by a laser on a diamond for identification. can be the diamond certificate number, a message, brand name and number or otherwise.... read more lower girdle facet the lower girdle facets are the 16 facets on the pavilion of a round brilliant diamond - just below the girdle.... read more marquise cut marquise cut marquise cut is a type of diamond cut.  the elongated diamond shape has two pointed ends. the length of the marquise helps makes fingers appear long and slender.... read more melee small diamonds under .20 carat. usually .10ct diamonds.... read more mixed cut this diamond cut has both step cut and brilliant cut facets. mixed cuts combine the beauty of the emerald cut with the sparkle of brilliant cut diamonds.... read more mohs scale the 10-point scale of mineral hardness. diamonds score 10 on mohs scale. the diamond is the hardest of all known natural substances. moh’s hardness scale: 10     diamond 9       corundum 8       topaz 7       quartz 6       orthoclase 5       apatite 4       fluorite 3     &... read more nail head nail head is the name given to a diamond with a deep pavilion that displays a dark center.... read more natural a "natural" is a blemish that can be found on some polished diamonds when some of the rough is left on the diamond. this is often done so the cutter can maximize weight in a diamond. a "natural" is simply part of the original "skin" of the diamond that was left on the diamond instead of being removed during the cutting and polishing process.  what is the "skin" of a diamond?  essentially it is part of the original diamond rough which is the uncut crystal from which a polished... read more needle a very fine, light, elongated inclusion that is usually totally enclosed within the diamond. needle inclusions are generally more subdued than feather inclusions.... read more nick a notch near the diamond's girdle or facet edge.... read more off make a poorly proportioned diamond.... read more old european cut early round cut diamond similar to the round brilliant cut, but carrying a very small table and heavy crown. not as popular today because it does not return the same brilliance as the modern brilliant.... read more oval cut oval cut is a cut of diamond in an oval shape. oval cut diamonds are very popular and range in shape from nearly round to very elongated. ... read more pavé from the french word for pavement - a style of diamond jewelry setting in which numerous small diamonds are mounted close together to create a glistening diamond crust that covers the whole piece of jewelry and obscures the metal under it.... read more pavilion main facets the pavilion main facets are the eight facets found on the pavilion of a round brilliant diamond. their points touch the girdle.... read more pear cut this fancy-shaped brilliant-cut diamond has a rounded end and a single point and forms the shape of a pear or tear-drop.... read more pinpoints miniscule spots internal to a diamond. a cluster of pinpoints can form a cloud.... read more points a unit of measurement , one point is 1/100th of a carat. for example, a 1/4 carat diamond weighs 25 points.... read more polish indicates the care taken by the cutter in shaping and faceting the rough stone into a finished and polished diamond.... read more polish lines tiny parallel lines left by polishing. fine parallel ridges confined to a single facet, caused by crystal structure irregularities, or tiny parallel polished grooves produced by irregularities in the scape surface.... read more polish mark surface clouding caused by excessive heat (also called burn mark, or burned facet), or uneven polished surface resulting from structural irregularities.... read more poor cut cut refers to the angles and proportions a skilled craftsman creates in transforming a rough diamond into a finished diamond. a poorly cut diamond can be either cut too deep or too shallow. a deep or shallow cut diamond will lose or leak light through the side or bottom. this results in less brilliance and value. ... read more princess cut the princess-cut is considered more popular than the other square diamond shapes. a princess cut is a square cut diamond with pointed corners.... read more ags cut grading scale ags cut grading scale 0      ideal 1      excellent 2      very good 3-4   good 5-7    fair 8-10  poor... read more abrasions tiny nicks along facet junctions that produce white fuzzy lines instead of sharp crisp facet edges.... read more cleavage the propensity of crystalline minerals, such as diamond, to split in one or more directions either along or parallel to certain planes, when struck by a blow. cleavage is one of the two methods used by diamond cutters to split rough diamond crystals in preparation for the cutting process (sawing is the other method).... read more cloud a grouping of extremely tiny inclusions that is too small to be distinguishable from one another, even under magnification. the result is that, under a microscope, this grouping often looks like a soft transparent cloud inside the diamond. of course, clouds cannot be seen with the naked eye. usually, this sort of inclusion does not significantly impact a diamond's clarity grade.... read more coated diamond a diamond colored by a surface coating, which masks the true body color; the coating may be extensive (entire pavilion, for example), but is more often limited to one or two pavilion facets or a spot on the girdle.... read more color diamonds are graded on a color scale established by the  (gia). the scale ranges from d (colorless) to z (light yellow). fancy colors refer to diamonds with hues like pink, blue, green, yellow and very rarely red. fancy colors are not included in this color scale and are considered extremely rare.... read more buying a diamond: emotional experience or math problem? professionals in the diamond industry hear warnings about "commoditization" at our trade conventions.  we hear the warnings from traditionalists, from sellers and suppliers, from revered industry leaders.  we hear the warnings from some of the most esteemed icons of the diamond industry.  but what does it mean? it is about the reduction of an emotional experience to a mere set of numbers.  that is the concern. for many years diamond cutters were considered c... read more carat (ct.) a unit of diamond weight, equivalent to 200 milligrams, or 0.2 grams (do not confuse with spread). buy loose diamonds at whiteflash.com... read more carat total weight (ct. tw.) the combined carat weight of all diamonds in a piece of jewelry. for example, a three stone diamond ring set with three diamonds, each weighing 1/3 carat, weighs approximately 1 ct. tw. loose diamonds at whiteflash.com... read more certification (diamond) a diamond certificate is a report created by a gemologist or gemological lab. a diamond is analyized under a microscope and as well as other gemological equipment to analyze its dimensions, clarity, cut, color, finish, symmetry and other characteristics.... read more chip a chip or missing piece in a diamond.  can be caused in cutting, from a sharp blow or even by normal "wear and tear". some diamond chips can result in considerable weight loss during the cutting process. diamond chips are harder to see the better the clarity grade.... read more clarity clarity is the degree to which a diamond is free from blemishes/inclusions. clarity is graded on a scale from flawless (fl) to imperfect (i). if = internally flawless vvs1 = very very slightly included 1 vvs2 = very very slightly included 2 vs1 = very slightly included 1 vs2 = very slightly included 2 si1 = slightly included 1 si2 = slightly included 2 si3 = slightly included 3 i1 = imperfect 1 i2 = imperfect 2 i3 = imperfect 3 ... read more crown the crown is the part of the diamond that is above the girdle. it consists of the table and the crown facets below it.... read more crown angle the angle at which a diamond's bezel facets (or, on emerald cuts, the row of concentric facets) intersect the girdle plane. this gentle slope of the facets that surround the table is what helps to create the dispersion, or fire, in a diamond. white light entering at the different angles in broken up into its spectral hues, creating a beautiful play of color inside the diamond. the crown angle also helps to enhance the brilliance of a diamond.... read more crown height crown height refers to the height between the girdle and table.... read more crown height percentage the crown height percentage is the crown height expressed as a percentage of the average girdle diameter.... read more cubic zirconium (cz) a widely used simulant, often used as an imitation for a natural diamond. cz, although easy detectable by its 80% higher weight than a diamond of the same proportions or by thermal conductivity testing, does often fool lay persons.... read more culet the diamond's culet is usually the smallest (58th) facet at the bottom of a full-cut diamond. some diamonds do not have a culet (none or pointed is how the culet of that diamond will be described).... read more cushion cushion diamond shape cushion is a shape of diamond. a "cushion cut diamond" is squarish - rectangular in shape with rounded corners and 58 brilliant-style facets that kind of resembles a pillow in shape, hence the name/diamonds_info.  cushion cut diamonds were developed about a hundred years ago when diamonds were ground down to the desired shape instead of being cleaved or sawn by laser and thus older cushion cut diamonds were lumpy and thick which resulted in blocky patterns of light return which... read more cutting styles cutting styles are different than diamond shapes. the simplest and most common way to explain cutting style is to categorize it into the following three basic types: step-cut, brilliant-cut and mixed-cut.... read more deep cut cut refers to the angles and proportions a skilled craftsman creates in transforming a rough diamond into a finished diamond. when a diamond is cut too deep, it will lose or leak light through the side or bottom. this results in less brilliance and value.... read more depth depth is the distance between the table and the culet as measured in millimeters.... read more depth percentage on a diamond grading report, you will see two different measurements of the diamonds depth-the actual depth in millimeters (under "measurements" at the top of the report) and the depth percentage, which expresses how deep the diamond is in comparison to how wide it is. this depth percentage of a diamond is important to its brilliance and value, but it only tells part of the story. where that depth lies is equally important to the diamond's beauty; specifically, the pavilion should be just deep enough to allow light... read more diamcalc diamcalc is a software program for modeling cut gemstones. it can be used to assess a diamonds appearance before, during or after it has been cut. it allows for a number of lighting environments to model the diamond in and report on like disco view, jewellery shop veiw and ideal-scope view. the software can be used with scanners like the octonus helium and the sarin diavision. once a diamond is scanned it can be saved as a file that can be opened in free gemadviser software. it is easily emailed to anyone or even placed onli... read more diamond a diamond is the hardest known natural substance. it is crystallized carbon. diamonds are mined in their rough form and then cut and polished to reveal their brilliance.... read more diamond cutting the method by which a rough diamond that has been mined from the earth is shaped into a finished, faceted stone. as a first step, cleaving or sawing is often used to separate the rough into smaller, more workable pieces that will each eventually become an individual polished gem. next, bruting grinds away the edges, providing the outline shape (for example, heart, oval or round) for the gem. faceting is done in two steps: during blocking, the table, culet, bezel and pavilion main facets are cut; afterward, the star, upper gi... read more diamond gauge an instrument that is used to measure a diamond's length, width and depth in millimeters.... read more diamond grading report a scientific report from a recognized gemological laboratory that measures and grades a diamond for a fee. used to determine a diamonds value.... read more extra facet a facet placed without regard for symmetry and not required by the cutting style.... read more face-up appearance the overall appearance of a diamond when it is viewed from the top. the description factors include the brightness, fire, and scintillation of the diamond in both fixed and tilted positions. this is a component of the cut grade, as determined by the gia.  with regard to color some may ask "does the diamond 'face-up' white?"... read more facet the flat polished planes on a diamond or gemstone. accurate facets are a primary factor in the amount of sparkle and fire a diamond displays.... read more 8/8/2006  girdle the girdle is the outer edge of a diamond which forms a band around the stone. the girdle can be faceted (32 facets), polished or unpolished. sometimes laser inscriptions are done on the girdle.... read more dispersion dispersion is commonly referred to as "fire".  it is the prismatic effect of light being split or "dispersed" into its spectral component colors.  when light enters a diamond it is refracted and some rainbow colors can often be seen. ... read more fancy shapes any diamond shape other than round – e.g. marquise, square, emerald, oval, heart and pear.... read more feather a separation or break due to either cleavage or fracture, often white and feathery in appearance. it is described often as a small crack, fissure or gletz.... read more finish the word finish is used to describe the exterior of the diamond. if a diamond is well polished, it has a very good finish.... read more fire often a term used instead of “dispersion,” it is the variety and intensity of rainbow colors seen when light is reflected from a diamond.... read more fisheye a girdle reflection from a shallow pavilion shows a white ring just inside the table outline and this is known as a “fisheye” effect.... read more fluorescence when exposed to ultraviolet light, a diamond may exhibit a more whitish, yellowish or bluish tint, which may imply that the diamond has a property called fluorescence. diamond grading reports often state whether a diamond has fluorescent properties. ratings include: none, faint, slight, medium, strong blue. strong blue fluorescence may cause the diamond to appear oily in daylight. fluorescence is not considered a grading factor, only a characteristic of that particular diamond.... read more fracture a crack or feather inclusion on the surface of a gemstone, it can show up as a whitish area because light does not pass through it.... read more fracture filling fracture filling is a diamond enhancement process whereby a cavity in a diamond is filled with an artificial substance. fracture filling is the process of improving the clarity of a diamond by injecting a molten glass like substance into a diamond to fill a crevice which is often the result of the elimination of an inclusion through laser drilling.  the process leaves tell tale traces like the flashes of purple seen in this photograph.... read more hrd - hoge raad voor diamant an independent gemological grading laboratory in antwerp. known as a reliable and impartial diamond certification location controlled by belgian state authorities.... read more hue pure, spectral (prismatic) color. hues include gradations and mixtures of red, organdy, yellow, green, blue, violet and purple.... read more hearts and arrows a general term when referring to diamonds with a precise and complete pattern of hearts and arrows achieved by perfect cutting proportions.... read more holloway cut advisor (hca) the holloway cut adviser (patent pending) evaluates the visual appearance of a round diamond as a combination of four factors - light return, fire, scintillation and spread. the grading scale is: 0-2 excellent, 2-4 very good, 4-6 good, 6-8 fair, and 8-10 poor. zero is almost impossible; many of the factors conflict. most nice stones rate 1-2. you must know total depth %, table % and crown and pavilion angles which are on ags reports. rounded crown and pavilion %’s are given on some other reports- they are... read more graduate gemologist a graduate gemologist is the designation given to a person who has successfully completed gia's graduate diamonds diploma program and gia's graduate colored stones diploma program. the program gives people the grading and identification skills needed to become a professional appraiser, buyer, or retailer.... read more grain center a small area of concentrated crystal structure distortion, usually associated with pinpoints.... read more growth or grain lines these can be considered internal flaws, and can often be seen only by rotating the diamond very slowly. they can appear and disappear almost instantaneously. they appear as small lines or planes within the diamond.... read more hardness a diamond's or mineral's resistance to scratching on a smooth surface. mohs scale of relative hardness consists of 10 minerals, each scratching all those below it in scale and being scratched by all those above it.... read more ideal-scope the ideal-scope has a hot red / pink reflector and a lens with which to see just how much of the red / pink light above the diamond is returned to your eye. it is a simple light return gauge; white areas in a diamond show that light can be transmitted from behind the diamond; this is called leakage - the enemy! the darkness of the lens mimics your head blocking out the light. the most brilliant diamonds look bright pink/red. a black star pattern shows the diamond is symmetrical. most ideal cuts have small 'v' shaped white le... read more included crystal a mineral crystal contained in a diamond.... read more 8/7/2006  facets: the lower halves the pavilion of a round brilliant has two types of facets (not counting a culet if present):  eight pavilion mains and 16 lower girdle facets, also called "lower halves." the pavilion main facets draw light from the highest angles.  these are the engines driving light return. between each of the 8 pavilion mains are 2 lower halves.  in top performing diamonds these lower halves have great influence on the life and character of the performance, particularly if the diamond has g... read more conflict diamonds and the kimberley process as the world's most concentrated, portable and anonymous form of wealth, diamonds make an ideal vehicle to launder money from and raise money for criminal and terrorist operations. throughout the 1990s, murderous rebel factions in angola and sierra leone used their country's diamond riches to buy arms and wage war against legitimate governments. these illicit gems became known as "conflict diamonds" and the jewelry industry was taken to task by human rights groups for not doing enough to stem the... read more cut is king! cut is the component that has the greatest influence on a diamond's appearance.  the assessed color, clarity, polish and symmetry of a stone is important, just as the grading lab which provided that assessment (the ags and gia are most reputable).  but the measurements, or ‘proportions,’ of a diamond tell more about how it will perform than any other surface data. for instance: a diamond of extremely good cut will appear more colorless than a diamond of the same color grade with a... read more 8/7/2006  the princess cut diamond the princess cut diamond the princess cut diamond was developed in the 1960s.  this square diamond makes use of the brilliant style of diamond cutting rather than traditional step-cut configurations of traditional squares such as the emerald.  the extra faceting causes the princess to have more natural diamond brilliance and scintillation.  the enhanced performance hides inclusions and makes color less noticeable.  it is, in effect, a square version of the round brilliant... read more 8/6/2006  the radiant cut diamond the radiant diamond was introduced in 1977.  it was designed to have the best qualities of both round brilliant and emerald cut diamonds.  the diamond's shape has the outer lines and cut corners of the emerald's crown while enjoying triangular faceting like the round on the pavilion.  this causes it to be an emerald shape with more pin flash sparkle than the traditional step-cut emerald.  it is identified on gia reports as a ‘cut-cornered square mixed cut.’ applications ... read more 8/6/2006  why does diamond color start with d and not a? actually, some older systems did start with a.  like chicken eggs, there were even grade aa and aaa diamonds. in the 1920s, before the gemological institute of america (gia) introduced its d-z system, color descriptions for diamonds had been developed for purposes of sales, not science.  vague adjectives like canary yellow, white or blue-white were used.  diamond dealers were using 1, 2, 3 or i, ii, iii as well as a, b, c in their grading scales, and no two scales were neces... read more 8/6/2006  whiteflash a cut above® and expert selection: what's the difference? whiteflash certified diamond categories the top two whiteflash in-house categories can accurately be described as “the best” and “the best of the best” in terms of all–important cut quality. a cut above® our a cut above® brand is a globally recognized super ideal and consists of both round and princess cut diamonds.  rounds are cut to a narrow subset of ags ideal specifications and feature perfect hearts and arrows patterning and optical symmetry.... read more 8/6/2006  facets: girdle descriptions and thickness charts the girdle is the outermost edge which dictates the shape of the diamond. unmagnified, it may appear to be a thin line, but is often a small series of facets. grading reports cite type and describe thinnest to thickest points as verbal desriptors or percentages (described below). 1. girdle types a faceted girdle is one where the brillianteer polished facets into the diamond's girdle. an unfaceted, or bruted girdle is one where the diamond's gird... read more 8/6/2006  round brilliant diamond facet map the evolution of the round brilliant diamond ... read more 8/4/2006  whiteflash a cut above®: about visual balance™ "it’s all in the hearts" this has been whiteflash's assertion since becoming involved in the hearts & arrows diamond movement in the 1990s.  their strong convictions have resulted in his ascension to a position of foremost authority on this elite aspect of diamond cutting. the hearts are the life of light performance in a hearts and arrows diamond.  the pavilion mains are the engines that drive all light return, and the lower girdle facets guide reflecting and refract... read more 8/2/2006  should world's gem labs shun synthetic diamonds? a diamond grading report from a recognized gem lab is not just a pedigree but a passport. as more consumers have become aware of certificates, they have insisted on them as objective third-party opinions about the nature and quality of stones they are buying. sale of stones is often dependent on these documents. no paper, no sale. given the importance of certificates to the buying public, de beers and the world's leading diamond trade organizations have tried to get major labs to refrain from issuing them for synthetic (m... read more 8/2/2006  have hearts & arrows diamonds gone square? super ideal cuts are no longer just round. one of the hippest new cuts of the last decade has gone square. thanks to the galloping popularity of the princess cut (a square), at least three major companies have introduced hearts and arrows square cuts—branded, respectively, as the "dream cut," "regent cut," and the "hope." more are on the way. here's why. super ideal cuts possess what is called "optical symmetry." that means that these stones make perfectly matched sets of he... read more colored diamonds are hot for fall! because of price and rarity, colored diamonds have always been an elite product. suddenly, however, they are going mainstream, appearing in hundreds of independent jewelry stores as a new means of differentiation from their discount and chain competition. several factors are contributing to the trend. first: indian and israeli diamond cutters are producing many small yellow, pink and brown diamonds suitable for use in pave, cluster and other multiple-stone settings that use melee. jewellry manufacturers ar... read more 8/2/2006  ags to begin grading princess cuts the american gem society, which has been grading round brilliants for cutting since 1996, will begin to grade fancy cuts in 2005. the first shape for which it will offer what it calls cut quality analysis is the highly popular princess cut, a square shape introduced in 1981 as an alternative to the radiant rectangle cut. as it does with round brilliants, ags will divide its princess cut grade into three parts: light performance, proportion factors and finish—each with a high rating of zero and a low rating of 10. h... read more 8/2/2006  are irradiated diamonds safe to wear? in 1942, scientists at the university of michigan put some diamonds in a cyclotron and zapped them with heavy radiation to produce vivid green stones. after a brief quarantine period during which residual radioactivity disappeared, the world had its first artificially colored diamonds that were safe to wear. these diamonds were purely experimental. commercial stones colored by irradiation weren't introduced in large numbers until the 1950s. and when they were, the market for naturally colored diamonds crash... read more why are aset, ideal-scope and hearts & arrows images more meaningful? aset, ideal-scope and h&a images are proven natural methods of interpreting the performance potential of a diamond with static, natural views. hardware issues, calibrations and software calculation errors inhibit mechanical interpretation of diamond beauty. natural views with these simple and elegant tools have no such error.... read more why do you use gia and ags labs for grading? the gemological institute of america and the american gemological society were both founded by robert shipley in the 1930s. gia’s gem trade laboratory has been grading diamonds since 1939. these organizations are acknowledged as the most reputable diamond grading laboratories in the world. an official gia or ags document increases the value of a diamond. as of 2006 both of these labs are assigning cut grades for round brilliant diamonds. the ags offers a grade for princess cuts as well. the ags began... read more why don’t you use the brilliancescope? gemex, manufacturer of the brilliancescope, admits a built in error of +/-5%, making comparisons of diamonds impossible except on a broad scale. this device was developed for sales, not science, and has no endorsements from laboratories or scientific bodies. the gia and ags have tested and rejected this device.... read more 7/31/2006  what are your policies for setting diamonds and related charges? if a customer buys the diamond and setting from whiteflash no additional setting charges apply. if a customer buys a diamond from whiteflash and sends in a setting purchased elsewhere there is a setting charge, providing the setting is of an acceptable standard. if adjustments need to be made to the setting to accommodate the diamond additional charges will apply. if a customer buys a ready-made setting from whiteflash we ship the setting but will not set a diamond purchased... read more what are expert selection diamonds? the whiteflash expert selection category contains certified diamonds of outstanding quality. as the name implies these diamonds are selected by our experts for superior light performance and beauty. in order to be considered for expert selection a round brilliant diamond must have been certified as ags ideal or by gia as triple excellent, the highest grades for cut quality by the two foremost laboratories in the industry. in addition, expert selection round diamonds must exhibit a distinct hearts and... read more what are imagem, brilliancescope and isee? these machines have been developed to measure a diamond’s light output. imagem and brilliancescope are among the most well-known. these devices provide interesting information that may be considered a useful part of the big picture, but they have met resistance from major laboratories and the science community. for this reason they take a backseat to natural reflector assessment.... read more what are sarin, ogi and helium reports? these are all devices used by respected gemological laboratories, vendors and appraisers to arrive at precise measurements for all diamond proportions. some grading reports do not provide every angle and measure but a sarin report does. at whiteflash we feel your investment is worth having such a machine onsite so that we can provide this information for you. if a diamond has a gia report prior to 2006 you can click on its sarin report to get measurements not included on the gia document. ags documents have most of the an... read more what is more meaningful - hca numbers or an ideal-scope/aset image? no computer projection is as meaningful as actual assessment of the 'live' test subject, so the ideal-scope image is more telling. if we think of a diamond as a container of visual potential, proportions numbers merely describe the outside of the container, while performance assessment evaluates the actual contents of the container.... read more which hca score is better, 0.1 or 1.9? neither. they are equal indicators of predicted beauty. this is a common misconception, explained in small print on the hca results page: “a score below 2 (excellent) means you have eliminated known poor performers (more than 95% of all diamonds). your own personal preference may be for a diamond with an hca score of 1.5 more rather than one with a lower score of say 0.5.”... read more diamond photos: why are there dark arrows? the bottom-most facets on the diamond (the main pavilion facets) draw their light from the highest angles.  when a hearts & arrows diamond is photographed from directly overhead, these areas will go dark if the camera blocks, or obstructs, the light source.  this is known as obstruction.  the dark areas are, literally, a reflection of the viewer or camera lens in the crown of the diamond. will i see dark arrows in real life? not unless you work hard to... read more 7/25/2006  diamonds: the evolution of the round brilliant diamond 1650: cardinal mazarin designed the first cross-cut diamond, which was the beginning of the brilliant style of cutting. in the early 1700s the portuguese diamond cutter peruzzi refined the first 58 facet brilliant cut. this style slowly evolved throughout the 1800s, known first as the old-mine cut and later as the old-european cut. these cuts still followed the contours of the rough diamond in order to retain as much weight as possible. 1860: henry morse opens a diamond cutting firm in boston. by 1880 he is recutting trad... read more grading lab reports are not created equal diamonds are sent to different grading labs to serve a purpose.  diamond cutters and sellers want to maximize their profits, so they choose their labs strategically.  in the mainstream that decision is not necessarily being made with the objective of providing buyers with the most accurate shopping information. strictness, consistency and information vary between diamond grading labs.  the lab’s client was the manufacturer or seller and the reason they bought that lab’s report was to help them s... read more free verification free letter of verification the letter of verification accompanying your purchase confirms the contents of your package and provides for a secure shopping experience. every item sold by whiteflash undergoes thorough, multi-level quality control evaluations by the whiteflash team. in addition, all loose certified diamonds and jewelry containing certified diamonds is formally inspected by an independent gia graduate gemologist appraiser who issues a signed letter of verification report. &nb... read more what is your return policy? complete satisfaction - money back guarantee return policy the whiteflash mission is to deliver a brilliant diamond buying experience® to each and every customer.  to assure your complete satisfaction we proudly offer a “no questions asked” 30 day money back guarantee on all in-house whiteflash certified diamonds, including diamonds from our a cut above®, expert selection, and premium select categories. the 30 day guarantee also applies to all regular cata... read more shape any shapes round princess cushion emerald radiant asscher pear marquise oval heart trillion spring cut european cut old miner flanders kite star carat - color d e f g h i j k l m n o p q r s t u w x y z - d e f g h i j k l m n o p q r s t u w x y z clarity if vvs1 vvs2 vs1 vs2 si1 si2 si3 - if vvs1 vvs2 vs1 vs2 si1 si2 si3 cut ideal excellent verygood good fair - ideal excellent verygood good fair price - search solitaire settings three stone settings diamond settings wedding sets design your ring whiteflash gallery request design wedding bands diamond earrings diamond pendants diamond bracelets right hand rings men's jewelry whiteflash design anniversary jewelry news diamond education whiteflash books wallpapers vatche rings diamonds design jewelry garnet dreams of africa wedding ring celebrity earrings ring size engagement rings solitaire prong bezel settings champagne eternity halo lotus micro pave v prong solitaire rings mens jewelry wedding bands follow us subscribe sign up for our newsletter: whiteflash news dreams of africa blog contact us info@whiteflash.com telephone1-877-612-6770 outside usa1-832-252-6770 6222 richmond ave. suite 700 houston, tx 77057 usa give us feedback if you have suggestions regarding whiteflash.com site, please, fill form below and click "send". your name your e-mail send thanks for your feedback. we appreciate your help in improving whiteflash website. close © 2000-2011 whiteflash - a brilliant diamond buying experience ® privacy policies resourcessitemap what would you like to do? buy this diamond without setting – you can still add the diamond to a setting later if you decide to do so. buy this diamond with setting. search from our selection of diamond settings to find your perfect ring. * register with whiteflash to receive better prices and discounts what would you like to do? buy setting now without diamond. you can add a diamond to this setting later. buy diamond with this setting. choose from our selection of loose diamonds to create your ideal engagement ring. what would you like to do? buy earrings now without diamond. you can add a diamond to these earrings later. buy these earrings with our diamonds. choose from our selection of loose diamonds to create your gorgeous earrings.