来源URL: https://web.archive.org/web/20111230233828/http://www.whiteflash.com/about-diamonds/faq/
================================================================================

faq at whiteflash my diamonds (0) my jewelry (0) last visited diamonds last visited jewelry register to receive better prices and discounts ideal diamonds and fine jewelry sign in wish list shopping cart loose diamonds loose diamonds search request a diamond learn about diamonds engagement rings solitaire settings three-stone settings diamond settings wedding sets design your ring request custom ring wedding bands diamond jewelry engagement rings wedding bands/anniversary bands whiteflash design diamond earrings and studs diamond pendants and necklaces diamond bracelets and bangles right hand rings men's jewelry colored gemstones dreams of africa pendant awear jewelry for conscious kids education news diamond education all about jewelry jewelry care essentials gems & gemology whiteflash policies tips and advice platinum faq custom jewelry design see our gallery custom ring buider request a diamond shop with confidence about whiteflash free verification free overnight shipping money back guarantee lifetime trade up one year buy back customer loyalty program testimonials customer reviews whiteflash - iso 9000 877-612-6770 livechat | contact faq - frequently asked questions + expand all about whiteflash + what should i know about whiteflash - the company? we are definitely not your grandfather’s jeweler! please read about who we are and what sets us apart from every other jeweler in the world on our about us page. + what makes whiteflash so special? through the years whiteflash has gained international acclaim for the finest ideal diamonds available.  a cut above® (aca)  super ideal diamonds are considered by diamond connoisseurs to be among the elite diamonds in the world in terms of craftsmanship and performance. in addition to our vaunted  a cut above®  brand, our  expert selection category also includes certified ideal hearts and arrows diamonds.  rounding out our in-house diamond inventory is the  premium select category consisting of a variety of beautiful diamonds of outstanding value. in aggregate, our owned inventory consists of the largest collection of certified ags ideal diamonds of any retailer in the world.  each diamond is available and ready to ship and is presented with the most comprehensive set of data andlight performance images available today. all whiteflash in-house diamonds are backed by our trademark lifetime 100% trade-up benefit. in addition to in-house inventory, our reputation for excellence affords us access to the entire global diamond market.  we regularly source diamonds for our clients from these “virtual” inventories, many of which are searchable through our virtual selection category. our virtual diamond service entails bringing the diamonds in to our facility and doing the same thorough inspections and performance reviews performed on our owned inventory.  all diamonds and jewelry products sold by whiteflash are thoroughly inspected by our staff gemologists and experts.  none of our products is ever “drop shipped”, ensuring our ability to deliver top quality with each and every order. our modern manufacturing facility and team of experienced and highly skilled jewelers give us the ability to create fine jewelry of all kinds and levels of complexity, and to service what we sell.  our expertise in computer aided design (cad) enables us to extend our custom jewelry design capability to customers worldwide. knowledgeable whiteflash diamond consultants provide our customers with expert guidance and assistance making the whiteflash shopping experience convenient, worry-free and enjoyable.  our entire focus is to provide each client “a brilliant diamond buying experience®”. the whiteflash advantage is a combination of top quality products and services, in-depth product information, expert guidance, outstanding value, and more. thousands of satisfied customer testimonials and reviews say it all! + is whiteflash rated by the better business bureau? we have rating of a+ with the bbb - the highest rating possible. in addition, we have been honored for the sixth consecutive year with the 2011 bbb "winner of distinction" award. + what kinds of diamonds do you offer? whiteflash is your direct connection to education and confidence in diamond buying, and easy access to some of the most phenomenal diamonds in the world. with headquarters in the galleria area of houston, texas, whiteflash specializes in precision-cut diamonds and custom jewelry creations for a clientele that is knowlegeable and discriminating.  we combine old world knowledge with new age technology to bring diamonds direct from our antwerp siteholder to our houston headquarters and to your home. our inventory ranges from the excellent to the most precisely cut diamonds in the world and we have an extensive collection of original and custom jewelry designs. our industry best assurance package guarantees complete satisfaction.  the  whiteflash team includes leading authorities in the world of diamonds and jewelry design, along with a staff of gemologists, craftsmen and professionals committed to providing diamond buyers with enriching, life-changing experiences. a cut above® is our flagship line of  super ideal diamonds. they include princess cut and round hearts & arrows diamonds, cut with optimum alignment of all facets for unparalleled light performance, fire and brilliance.  a cut above® is internationally recognized as one of the elite diamonds in the world.  whiteflash was selected to present a grading system for h&a at the international diamond cut conference in moscow in 2004. whiteflash is the only company to safeguard h&a buyers with a top grade in optical symmetry meeting the idcc presentation criteria.  they have been described as the most visually balanced diamonds in the world. our expert selection line of diamonds consists of a variety of shapes and includes rounds with ags ideal and gia triple excellent certificates.  and our third category of in-house diamonds, premium select, are all beautiful diamonds priced for value.  all in-house diamonds are posted to the website with a comprehensive set of gemological informantion and performance images.  all have been put through extensive gemological and visual evaluation. our virtual selection category consists of over 30,000 diamonds quickly available through our network of manufacturers and dealers.  whiteflash will never "drop ship" a diamond to a customer from a supplier. our policy is to bring any sourced diamond we offer to whiteflash headquarters for our own  verification, expert analysis, and your approval before delivering it to you.  these services combined with our complete satisfaction guarantee will give you total confidence in all purchases at whiteflash. + do you have gemologists on staff? yes.  we  currently have two g.i.a graduate gemologists on staff and they are an integral part of our customer service team.  in addition, all of our diamond consultants are very knowlegeable and have gia credentials or are working toward them. we are happy to arrange for you to speak with a graduate gemologist at any time. + does whiteflash have a retail store? yes!  well, sort of.  we have a small showroom at our headquarters in houston.  we are open to the public and drop-ins are welcome.  however, because of the size of our retail space and the personal attention we like to give to our customers, appointments are encouraged.  to speak to a diamond consultant and book an appointment please call our toll free line 877-612-6770 .  for more information see our page about our houston facility. + how can i trust that i will get everything that i am paying for? customers are naturally cautious when shopping on the internet.  this is especially true when it comes to expensive and emotionally important purchases.  whiteflash is dedicated to providing top quality products at the most competitive prices and delivering exceptional customer service. we use a multi-level quality control system that is iso 9001 certified.  whiteflash is the only jeweler to have achieved that distinction.  we have an a+ rating with the better business bureau (bbb winners of dinstinction for five years running) and all purchases are backed by our complete satisfaction money back guarantee. in addition to these assurances, our great customers worldwide say it best.  there are reviews from consumers posted all over the internet including many independent review sites.  you can also read testimonials  by real customers with pictures of the jewelry we have made for them posted  on the whiteflash website. whiteflash diamonds + are all of your diamonds in-house? we own and stock a large number diamonds, including the biggest inventory of certified ags ideal diamonds of any retailer in the world. we have three categories of in-house diamonds- a cut above® super ideals, expert selection including ags ideals and gia triple ex, and premium select consisting of various shapes including some ideal rounds. we also provide access to the wider market through our virtual selection category, which consists of the inventories of dozens of our vendor partners. arrangements can be made to bring in these diamonds for our thorough evaluation. + what is an a cut above® diamond? the a cut above® is our internationally recognized brand of super ideal cut diamonds, round and princess.  they are the "best of the best" in terms of cut craftsmanship and light performance, possessing brilliance and fire at the limits of what is technically possible. to achieve the a cut above® pedigree a diamond must first be certified by the ags laboratory as ideal with a platinum certificate.  it must then pass an extensive series of further evaluations by the whiteflash review team before being branded a cut above®. + what are hearts and arrows (h&a) diamonds? diamonds cut to a very high degree of three dimensional symmetry (also referred to as optical symmetry), when observed with special viewers will exhibit a pattern of eight arrows when viewed from the top and eight hearts when viewed from the bottom. one of the hallmarks of a cut above® hearts and arrows diamonds is perfect optical symmetry. more information about hearts and arrows diamonds. + what are the advantages of buying an a cut above® diamond? consistently and predictably a cut above® super ideal diamonds are the finest performing diamonds in the world. all certified ags ideal (platinum certificate) extraordinary light performance demonstrable by imaging on multiple reflector instruments (is, aset, h&a) cut to within a narrow subset (sweet spot) of ags ideal parameters, resulting in best performance over the widest range of lighting conditions (the most visually balanced diamond in the world®) passing rigorous additional performance tests beyond those conducted at the ags laboratory. most strenuous quality control in the world- must pass three demanding levels of analysis- manufacturer, agsl, whiteflash review team. guaranteed 100% trade-up benefit for life branded laser inscription diamond tool kit the benefits of owning an a cut above® diamond are experienced every moment of every day with every glance of every eye. + what is the a cut above® princess? it is our internationally recognized super ideal princess cut. the  a cut above®  princess is the dazzling sister to our  a cut above®  hearts & arrows round.  as a true super ideal the diamond must first attain the coveted "triple ideal" platinum certificate from the american gem society laboratory.  in addition, it must pass additional performance testing and evaluation by the whiteflash review panel before achieving the a cut above® brand. for more information please visit our a cut above®  princess page. + can i see the diamond before i decide to buy? yes. we can arrange for diamonds to be shipped to an appraiser close to you where you can view and evaluate the diamond with the help of an expert. we have an existing network of qualified appraisers who have provided whiteflash with gemological credentials and met our insurance requirements. others may be added to our network if they meet the same criteria. + what are expert selection diamonds? our expert selection category contains very high quality diamonds, many of which narrowly missed our a cut above brand.  round diamonds in this category are ideal cut with hearts and arrows patterning.  they must be certified as ideal with ags triple 0 report or as triple ex by gia.  expert selection contains other shapes with superb cut quality including many ags 0 princess cuts. all diamonds in this category must have certification with the highest cut grades given by agsl or gia, and have outstanding light performance as evidenced in aset and ideal scope images. + are whiteflash diamonds conflict-free? all diamonds sold by whiteflash have been purchased from legitimate sources operating in strict compliance with united nations resolutions and not involved in funding conflicts.  whiteflash deals only with suppliers who explicity warranty their diamonds have been brought to market in accordance with the kimberly process. whiteflash is dedicated to socially responsible business practices and supports the united nations global compact.  we are also proactive in efforts to benefit local diamond mining communities through our dreams of africa program.  all profits from products purchased from our dreams of africa website go to support  the centers of compassion for children international. for more information please see our whiteflash conflict-free guarantee. + what is your definition of ‘eye-clean’? the whiteflash baseline definition of eye-clean is: no inclusions visible to the naked eye of a person with 20/20 vision when viewing the diamond in the face-up position at a distance of approximately 10 inches under normal overhead lighting . distance, lighting and human vision all influence this judgment. there is no universally agreed upon definition of eye-clean in the trade so we developed this one in order to communicate meaningfully with our customers. 10 inches is the ‘distance of most distinct vision’ as defined by the field of optometry.  it is also a basis used by the ags laboratory in light performance grading, and so this is a logical standard and a practical baseline. + why are most of your diamonds certified by ags rather than gia? whiteflash specializes in ideal and super ideal cut diamonds.  our customers demand laboratory reports with the most thorough cut quality analysis available.  although the gia introduced the basic diamond grading system that is used throughout the industry and is the most recognized gemological authority with an excellent reputation, the american gem society laboratory (agsl) has pioneered diamond cut quality analysis and has a global reputation for excellence and consistency in diamond grading.  the ags platinum certificate is the ultimate diamond document and is a baseline requirement for our a cut above super ideal. + do i have to pay to bring in a diamond for evaluation? all of our in-house diamonds (a cut above, expert selection and premium select) have been comprehensively evaluated and a full set of information and performance imagery are available on our website. diamonds from our virtual selection category or other diamonds that may be sourced for you can be brought in for the same thorough evaluation. we require a deposit equivalent to one-way shipping and insurance to bring in a diamond. that deposit is applied to the price of the diamond should you purchase it. you will have the benefit of our complete gemological review including light performance images with which to decide whether to complete the purchase. for more information see our  virtual diamond service page. + what is aset? angular spectrum evaluation tool (aset) is central to the ags light performance diamond grading system.  the aset device is a viewer that produces a color coded view depicting how a diamond is handling light.  red and green both represent light that is being returned to the eye.  red represents the most intense light entering the diamond from the highest angles directly from the overhead light source. aset theory is at the foundation of the ags system and is embedded in the sophisticated ray tracing software that is used to calculate light performance.  for more information see our page on aset. + do you supply what i need for insurance? (letter of verification) yes. with every certified diamond we supply a document known as a letter of verification (lov). it both verifies the diamond and materials in the piece of jewelry are as described on your invoice and estimates a conservative retail replacement value. this document is prepared by a third party, independent graduate gemologist and is accepted by most insurance companies including jewelers mutual. + what is the meaning of the whiteflash star ratings on loose diamonds? wf ratings indicate quality/value based on available measurements, polish & symmetry grades and performance data balanced with the price of the diamond.  all in-house diamonds have been analyzed firsthand. outside diamonds available to us are rated based on available information (we cannot guarantee details of outside diamonds).* whiteflash a cut above diamonds meet our standards for performance, craftsmanship and visual balance™ beyond ‘ideal.’ preferred diamonds combine best performance, craftsmanship and value for the money. near-premium diamonds can perform at high levels for a lower price. often located with a supplier who has not provided enough information for a decisive judgment:  contact us. often located with a supplier who has not provided enough information for a decisive judgment:  contact us. * the wf rating is based on our expertise. it is not a substitute for official laboratory grading. >>read more about diamond raiting + what is a cut above® hearts and arrows melee? a cut above® hearts and arrows melee refers to the small accent diamonds that we use in many of our finest jewelry pieces.  they are superb quality, fully faceted diamonds from .01ct to 0.25 ct.  while they are too small for lab certification, they are selected for top light performance and hearts and arrows patterning.  colors and clarities range from f-g and vs1-vs2, and are non-fluourescent.  for more details please see our page about a cut above® hearts and arrows melee + what is meant by the term ags 0 or triple 0? this is the designation of  ideal cut by the american gem society laboratory (agsl).  it is their highest grade for cut quality.   agsl performs the most comprehensive and critical cut quality analysis of any laboratory in the world.  they use a 0-10 grading scale, where 0 is the best (think of it as 0 deductions).  as the agsl cut grading system advanced and evolved the use of the term "triple 0" has changed.  today it means ideal in light performance, polish and symmetry. a diamond must have 0 in all three of these areas in order to have an overall cut grade of ideal. for more information see our page on ags ideal. + what is the process for bringing in diamonds outside your in-house inventory? our virtual selection category consists of about 30,000 certified diamonds on any given day.  these are the collective inventories of several dozen manufacturers that we work with.  diamonds in this category are available to whiteflash and can often can be brought in to whiteflash for evaluation within two business days.  in addition to the diamonds posted to our website, whiteflash diamond consultants have access to a global database of diamonds and can access diamonds in addition to those listed on our website.  virtual selection diamonds undergo a thorough evaluation upon arrival at whiteflash and the customer will have a full range of gemological and performance information before committing to buy.  customers are responsible for one-way shipping in the event they do not buy a diamond that is brought in for them. shipping is free on all diamonds purchased.  for more information see:  virtual diamond service + what is the big deal about ideal cut diamonds? ideal cut quality brings out the full potential of the diamond.  it optimizes the fire, brilliance , sparkle and overall beauty of the gem. in cutting a diamond to ideal specifications, the costs are higher but the benefits are tremendous.  please see our ideal cut diamonds page for more information. + what is a princess cut diamond and why is it special? the princess cut features a straight sided rectangular outline with a brilliant style facet arrangement.  it is a hybrid of shape and cutting style that produces more sparkle than traditional square or rectangular diamonds.  princess cuts are more popular today than any other "fancy shape" diamond.  for more information about what makes the princess cut so appealing to modern diamond shoppers, please see our princess cut diamond page. whiteflash jewelry + will you copy a setting i saw somewhere else? we will not copy designer pieces as they are the creative property of the artist.  if you love everything about the designer style we recommend you purchase the original from the designer. our custom design process enables us to put together design elements inspired by a style you like in order to create a new style, but it must not be a duplicate of a trademarked design.  many designs are in the public domain and not trademarked and therefor can be replicated.  our diamond consultants can help you determine what is possible. + white gold or platinum-which one is best? both precious metals are popular for fine jewelry.  both look very similar.  there are important differences to consider in making your choice.  white gold is a mixture of pure yellow gold with other metals such as nickel that give it hardness and a whitish color.  it must then be plated with rhodium to give it a bright white luster, and may eventually need re-plating. platinum is used in almost pure form, is very dense and a bit softer than gold alloys so it scratches a bit more easily but can always be repolished.  platinum is intrisically white and does not require plating.  for engagement rings many people prefer platinum for its purity and durability despite the fact that it is more expensive than white gold.  for fashion jewelry that gets more occassional wear, most prefer white gold, especially in earrings and larger pieces that will become very heavy and expensive in platinum. + can i have a diamond i bought elsewhere set in a whiteflash mounting? yes.  arrangements can be made to set your diamond provided it is certifed by ags or gia.  we require proof of insurance and a signed waiver releasing whiteflash from any liability.  for important details on this service please see our page on working with customers diamonds and jewelry. + ring sizing - what if i get the size wrong and need it adjusted later? many of our clients are purchasing engagement rings or other gift items that involve surprise.  we strongly recommend they make every effort to establish the ring size accurately at the time of the order.  in the event that a ring size needs adjusting we provide one free sizing.  be aware however that certain ring designs are limited in their range of sizeability.  most rings are sizeable within one full size.  eternity rings with diamonds all around are not sizeable. although we provide labor, materials and handling for the one free sizing, shipping is the responsibility of the customer.  important information about shipping can be found on our returns page. + will whiteflash set a diamond in a mounting i purchased elsewhere? yes.  there is a $100 setting fee.  it is necessary to have the ring assessed by our production team to verify that the selected diamond is appropriate for the mounting, and to determine if any other parts or materials are necessary.  for important details about this services please see our page about  working with customers property. + what is rhodium plating? white gold products are routinely electroplated with a very expensive metal called rhodium.  rhodium is a platinum group metal that is intrinsically white and lustrous.  gold alloys are not pure white because they contain a high percentage of yellow gold.  rhodium is what gives white gold it's bright white look. because plating deposits a very thin layer of metal over the alloy, it is possible for it to wear off and reveal areas of the yellowish metal beneath.  how often a piece of jewelry will need to be replated to retain its bright white appearance is affected by several factors:  lifestyle, body chemistry, and exposure to certain chemicals in the environment. re-plating is not difficult or terribly expensive.  it is a routine final step in servicing such as sizing, prong repair, or repolishing.  typically customers do not have a need for frequent replating. one of the advantages of platinum is that it is intrinsically white and does not require plating. + what type of metal alloys does whitflash use? our gold products are either 14k or 18k.  14k is 58.3% pure gold and 41.7% other metals that give gold the hardness to be durable in jewelry.  18k is 75% pure gold.  white gold is an alloy of metals that give the metal hardness and whiteness.  nickel is normally used in this alloy.  white gold products, because they are not pure white, are normally plated with rhodium to give the metal a bright white luster. our platinum products are made with 95% pure platinum and 5% irridium. + does whiteflash service the jewelry it sells? yes.  we have a full service manufacturing operation and provide servicing on everything we sell.  all purchases are covered under our one year service policy, which is part of the whiteflash guarantee, offering great convenience and peace of mind. + are whiteflash designs available in rose gold (pink gold)? some, but not all, items in our catalogue are available in rose gold by special order.   we use only 14k rose gold as 18k tends not to be distinctly pink.  prices tend to be a bit higher for specialty manufacturing, and turn around times tend to be one to three weeks longer.  as a special order item, rose gold products are not returnable.  if you are interested in ordering one of our designs in rose gold please contact us for a quote, availability and expected delivery times. payments and order process + does whiteflash collect sales tax? whiteflash is required to collect state sales tax  (8.25%) on all orders shipped  within texas or picked up at our facility  in houston.  we are not required to collect tax on orders shipped out of state.  customers outside of texas are responsible for adhering to the statutes governing tax collection of the state in which they take delivery. + does whiteflash ship internationally? yes.  we are currently able to ship securely  to more than a dozen international destinations.  all orders shipping outside the us and canada must be paid by wire transfer.  we are not able to accept credit cards for international orders.  for details about shipping procedures and fees please see our shipping page. + do you offer standard discounts? we offer a 3% standard discount for orders paid by wire transfer. there are two prices listed on the website- the top price is the credit card price and the bottom is the wire price.  we pay 2-3% of the total just to process the payment through the credit card system.  if we do not incur that cost, we give it back to you in the form of our wire discount. in addition to wire discount, we run various promotions from time to time.  please check our homepage for current promotions and offers. + do you offer special discounts? if you are an existing customer our brilliant-diamond referral gift program was designed with you in mind. other special offers may be available. terms and conditions apply on all special offers and no two offers may be combined. + does whiteflash offer financing? not really. most of our customers interested in financing use credit cards to make their purchase. however, as a courtesy we do offer a 90 day flex plan. how it works any purchase of in-house diamonds and regular catalogue jewelry over $1,500 is eligible for the whiteflash flex plan.  the order may be placed with a 20% non-refundable down payment and three equal payments of the balance scheduled at 30 day intervals. (prepayments may be made at any time.) should any scheduled payment be more than 10 days late, the merchandise will be returned to stock and a store credit issued to the customer in the amount of the down payment. any amount paid over the 20% down payment will be refunded. the order will begin processing upon final payment of balance.  normal 30 day return privileges apply for all in-house diamonds and jewelry items from our catalogue. the 20% down payment portion of applicable returns for flex plan orders will be made in the form of store credit. diamonds from virtual selection category are not eligible for flex plan. custom designs and catalogue items altered from their stated specifications (semi custom) are not returnable. customer’s interested in making a purchase using the flex plan should speak to their whiteflash diamond consultant or contact customer service at 877-612-6770. + do i have to pay in full at the time of my order? payment in full is required before an order can ship.  we have provisions for temporary holds of merchandise while wire transfer or other arrangements are made.  we also have a flexible payment plan (flex plan) that provides for payment spread out over 90 days. a customer service representative will be happy to assist with such requests. + what are whiteflash turn-around times? we make every effort to turn around orders in the quickest possible time frames, while at the same time exercising great care and attention to detail.  we provide free overnight insured delivery to facilitate the shortest possible arrival time. loose diamonds in-house diamonds (a cut above, expert selection and premium select) can usually be shipped same day if payment is received by noon. virtual selection diamonds (or those sourced for you) can usually be shipped the same day that diamond is approved and payment recieved, provided payment arrives before noon.  the complete virtual selection process involves extensive handling, real time gemological reviews, imaging and approval.  logistics and unforseen delays can impact the start to finish process time. please see this page for more information about our virtual diamond service. jewelry for catalogue items we endeavor to meet or beat the delivery times included in all our product descriptions.  however, due to seasonal demand fluctuations or situational events, there are occasional delays.  we will advise you at the soonest possible time of any delays expected on your order. custom design projects are usually completed in about a month.  because of the nature of this process, the time frames cannot always be predicted with certainty.  please see our custom jewelry design page for more details. photography + what is the significance of all the different diamond photos? the most important characteristics of diamonds are sparkle, brilliance and fire.  the light performance qualities of a diamond can be visually assessed by using certain types of special viewing devices.  whiteflash provides several helpful images captured using these devices to assist customers in objectively determining diamond cut quality and light performance.  for more on this important topic please visit our imaging page. + what are the dark arrows i see in the actual diamond photos? the bottom-most facets on the diamond (the main pavilion facets) draw their light from the highest angles.  when a hearts & arrows diamond is photographed from directly overhead, these areas will go dark if the camera blocks, or obstructs, the light source.  this is known as obstruction.  the dark areas are, literally, a reflection of the viewer or camera lens in the crown of the diamond. properly designed diamonds maximize positive contrast patterns which create on/off reflections and scintillation (sparkle) in the diamond with even the slightest motion.  the precision of the contrast patterns can be seen in certain static views such as our magnified diamond images, ideal scope and aset images.  in real life, because there is almost always some motion either of the diamond or the eye of the viewer, the contrast patterns are not readily visible. for more information see our page about light performance imaging. + can i get digital photos of my finished ring? yes, and they are included in your order!  your jewelry will be photographed upon completion and you will recieve beautiful images that you can share with friends and family via email.  for samples of some of these creative images it's always fun to browse our testimonials page to see the latest whiteflash "eye candy". + how can i get a whiteflash calendar? you can easily request your whiteflash calendar by calling in to our toll free number 877-612-6770. for details about this beautiful in-house creation that has become a whiteflash tradition please see our calendar page. secure shipping + how much does whiteflash charge for shipping? we provide free shipping on all initial orders! in cases where shipping is the customer's responsibility, information can be found regarding fees and other important issues on our shipping policy page + is my order insured while in transit? yes.  all outbound  whiteflash shipments are insured until the package is picked up. because values are typically very high, there are specific procedures that  whiteflash follows to ensure the security of your jewelry.  please see our shipping policy page for important details. + can i get a fed ex tracking number to track my package? you will be given a tracking number if your order has been paid by wire transfer. because of the high values involved, for your protection tracking numbers are not given on orders paid by credit card.  this prevents unauthorized diversion of the package to another location. you will have to be present and show identification in order to pick up the package. policies and warranties + what is your return policy? our return policy is designed to give you complete confidence in your purchase.  all in-stock diamonds (a cut above, expert selection and premium select) and regular catalogue items are covered by a full 30-day money back guarantee.  diamonds from our virtual selection category as well as diamonds and jewelry that may be sourced for you from outside vendors are covered by a 10 day money back guarantee.  jewelry that is custom made or altered from original specifications (other than normal sizing) are not returnable. for important details please see our return policy page. + can i exchange or trade-in a diamond i buy from you at a later date? yes! one of the outstanding benefits of buying whiteflash diamonds is that all in-house diamonds come with industry best 100% guaranteed lifetime trade up policy. you can trade your diamond at any time for a diamond of equal or greater value. + do you accept diamonds for trade up that were purchased elsewhere? unfortunately, no. our trade-up benefit only applies to qualifying diamonds purchased from whiteflash. + can i trade in my whiteflash pendant, bracelet or earrings? our trade up benefit only applies to certified diamonds. if your pendant or earrings contain qualifying diamonds they are eligible. while the jewelry settings are not eligible, we will make you an offer for an allowance based upon raw materials. for more details about our trade-in and upgrade please visit our page about  lifetime trade-up. + will whiteflash price-match? we believe 'price matching' is a balance between the item being considered and services offered. these include things like information and photographs, letter of verification, secure shipping, warranty, buy-back, lifetime trade-up & other purchase benefits. particulars must be considered on a case by case basis. + what is your privacy policy? we care about safeguarding your privacy and your sensitive information.  please see our privacy policies page for details. + what is the process for ordering a virtual selection diamond? in addition to our extensive inventory of in-house diamonds in our area of specialization- certified ags ideal round and ags ideal princess diamonds – whiteflash also stocks gia certified diamonds in rounds, princess cut and other fancy shapes such as asscher, cushion cut, pear shape and oval. our in-house inventory can be found in our a cut above®, expert selection and premium select categories, all of which are posted to our website with a full set of information and performance images, and are available for immediate purchase. for customers looking for diamonds other than those in our owned inventory, we offer thousands of diamonds in our virtual selection category. this category is comprised of the collective inventories of dozens of manufacturers with whom we work closely.  diamonds in this category are posted to our website with a basic set of information including carat weight, dimensions, color, and clarity and in most cases a viewable lab report. we can also source diamonds available on the world market that may not be listed on our website. our virtual selection service at whiteflash we protect our clients by performing full evaluation and quality control on every diamond and jewelry item we sell. we never “drop ship” anything. our virtual selection service entails the same comprehensive inspections and evaluations that we provide on our in-house diamonds. it works like this: if you find a diamond of interest in our virtual selection category, one of our diamond consultants will check availability and provide you with information on the diamond including a copy of the lab report. the consultant will discuss the information with you and help you decide if that diamond matches for your needs. if you decide to have us bring the diamond in you will be required to commit to paying shipping and insurance on the diamond should we have to return it. you will be advised of the exact cost in advance, and only in the event that you decide not to purchase the diamond will you be charged.  the cost to bring in the average diamond is about $50, although high value stones can be more because of the higher insurance component. if you ultimately proceed with the purchase you will not be charged the shipping. likewise, our gemological and photography evaluations are supplied to you at no charge. once you have placed a request to bring in a virtual selection diamond we will make the necessary arrangements to have the manufacturer ship the diamond to whiteflash where it will undergo careful review by whiteflash gemologists. should any problems be discovered with the diamond such as chips or scratches, or anything inconsistent with the lab certificate, you will be advised. *you will not be charged shipping if the diamond is returned to the manufacturer due to a problem found during inspection. upon passing inspection the diamond will be sent to our photography department for photographs and light performance imaging including aset and idealscope. your diamond consultant will then forward those images to you and discuss the results with you. after receiving the image package you will have two business days to proceed with your purchase. if you decide not to purchase the diamond, or are not able to proceed for some reason, the diamond will be returned to the manufacturer and your credit card charged for the shipping and insurance. satisfaction guarantee our goal is to make sure that you get the diamond that is perfect for you. so, whether you go with an in-house diamond or one that we source for you, you will always receive the full benefit of careful whiteflash inspection, analysis and professional advice. diamonds from our virtual selection category come with a complete satisfaction 10-day inspection period. if you are not completely satisfied with the diamond for any reason simply call customer service and receive a return authorization number (rna) and instructions for securely shipping the diamond back to whiteflash. returns must be postmarked within the inspection period which begins the day the diamond is available for you to pick up. if your virtual selection diamond is part of an order that will not be delivered within the 10 day inspection period, you will have the option to first take delivery of the loose diamond for the purposes of your inspection period and return it to us to complete your order, or you may elect to waive your inspection period so that your order may proceed without delay. please contact your diamond consultant or customer service for any questions regarding our services or policies. + australia-united states free trade agreement (ausfta) *the following is intended to point our australian customers to information that may be helpful in determining taxes and duties that may and may not be applicable to your purchase from whiteflash.com.  it is important for customers to verify this information independently before completing a transaction as laws do change and information and links contained within this article may become outdated or be otherwise incorrect. contained in this article: summary important passages helpful links summary the international trade agreement known as ausfta went into effect on january 1, 2005 as a means of stimulating trade between australia and the united states.  under ausfta, australia and the united states have agreed to eliminate customs duties on goods originating from the other country. because most of the jewelry products that whiteflash.com sells are manufactured in-house they may qualify as originating in the u.s. under ausfta, even if certain components (such as diamonds, precious stones, and precious metals) originate from other countries.  these products may therefore become eligible for preferential treatment and exemption from import duty into australia.  for high value products costing in the thousands of dollars, duty exemption may save the customer hundreds or even thousands of dollars on their purchase! the trade agreement also provides a process for receiving refunds of any duties paid in the last four years for qualifying imports. in an effort to make the process convenient and seamless for our customers, whiteflash.com makes specific notations on the commercial documents to ensure that australian customs has the information they need to properly classify the products and apply any duty exemptions that qualify. we use fedex exclusively for shipments to australia and our documentation specifically alerts customs that the product may be eligible for preferential treatment under ausfta. no extra action should therefore be required on the part of our customers to ensure that a qualifying import is cleared free of duty.  but some customers take the additional precaution of calling their local customs office as soon as they receive their tracking number further alerting them that the item should clear under ausfta. *although a product is duty free, other fees and taxes that may be payable such as goods and services tax (gst) are not exempted by ausfta. for customers that have imported items in the past four years on which duty was paid on items eligible for preferential treatment under ausfta, australian customs provides a form that can be filed in order to get a refund.  this form can also be obtained from fed ex if the import was delivered by them and they will file it. * you might be eligible for refund of some gst in addition to duty, as gst is calculated after duty is added. it should also be noted that loose diamonds are duty free even apart from the ausfta. important passages article 5.12: claims for preferential treatment 1. each party shall provide that an importer may make a claim for preferential treatment under this agreement based on the importer’s knowledge or on information in the importer’s possession that the good qualifies as an originating good. 2. each party may require that an importer be prepared to submit, on request, a statement setting forth the reasons that the good qualifies as an originating good, including pertinent cost and manufacturing information. the statement need not be in a prescribed format, and may be submitted electronically, where feasible. article 5.12 of ausfta does not require a certificate of origin. the information can be in any form that the manufacturer wishes to provide, so long as it shows that the imported good meets the rules of origin requirements of ausfta. "customs operates in a self-assessment environment, where information provided to it is treated in the first instance as true and correct. when a customs entry states that a us preference rate of duty applies, this will be taken to indicate that the importer of the goods possesses information, or knowledge, as required in article 5.12, paragraph 1, above, that this declaration is correct." claiming preferential treatment / exporting to the united states under the australia–united states free trade agreement, the onus for making a claim for a preferential tariff rate for a product rests with the importer. the agreement does not require a certificate of origin in support of a claim for preference. however, importers claiming preference for a good must be prepared to submit, upon request by customs authorities, a statement setting out the reasons why that particular rule of origin applies.  the agreement does not specify a particular format for such a statement. customs officials can require importers to maintain documents relating to purchases and costs for up to five years after importation should investigation and verification of preference claims be required. customs officials can also seek information from exporters in verifying claims. period for lodging a refund application an application for refund of duty paid on goods imported on or after 12 october 2005 must be lodged within a four (4) year period after the date on which the duty was paid. an application for refund of duty on goods imported prior to 12 october 2005 can now only be considered in specified exceptional circumstances – please contact customs for advice if you think they may apply. for more information for information on obtaining refund of import duty on goods for export, see the export concessions duty drawback scheme fact sheet and the refund of customs import duty practice statement on www.customs.gov.au for information on any customs matter, contact the customs information and support centre on 1300 363 263, email information@customs.gov helpful links ausfta http://www.austrade.gov.au/ausfta8310/default.aspx http://www.customs.gov.au/site/page6016.asp tariff classifications (see page 30 for jewelry related items) http://www.dfat.gov.au/trade/negotiations/us_fta/final-text/annex_05_roos.pdf customs tariff schedules pertaining to jewelry http://www.customs.gov.au/webdata/resources/tariff/chapter71goods_a.pdf determination of originating goods http://www.customs.gov.au/webdata/resources/files/rousbusguide_041104.pdf refund of duties paid http://www.customs.gov.au/webdata/resources/files/fs_refundimportduty.pdf http://www.customs.gov.au/site/page5939.asp refund form http://www.customs.gov.au/webdata/resources/files/b653.pdf australian customs' dedicated refund centre (03)9244 8054. email address: nationalrefunds@customs.gov.au fedex australia http://www.fedex.com/au/contact/ + the whiteflash guarantee the whiteflash guarantee by virtue of our state-of-the-art manufacturing systems and our meticulous inspection procedures, for which we have been awarded iso 9001 certification for total quality management, you can be confident that your order will be delivered in impeccable condition.   with proper care and maintenance you can expect to get a lifetime of enjoyment from your whiteflash diamonds and jewelry. complete satisfaction return policy to ensure your complete satisfaction with every whiteflash order, your purchase is backed by our “no questions asked” return policy entitling you to a refund of the purchase price for any reason at all. conflict free diamonds all diamonds sold by whiteflash are secured through legitimate sources not involved in funding conflict and are guaranteed to be conflict-free. we will only deal with suppliers who can demonstrate that they operate in strict compliance with united nations resolutions, the kimberly process and usa patriot act. whiteflash is dedicated to socially responsible business practices and we are committed to the eradication of conflict diamonds through our support of the kimberly process and united nations global compact. we are also directly involved in contributing to the development of communities in key diamond mining areas through our dreams of africa website and product line. one year service plan adding additional assurance to your purchase, all whiteflash jewelry orders come with our one year service policy. this benefit covers refinishing and repairs to the metals and accent diamonds in your jewelry, that are the result of normal wear or manufacturing defects, for a period of one year from ship date. your whiteflash jewelry is built to be durable and should be worn and enjoyed. however, gold and platinum can be damaged and will experience some level of wear and tear over time, and some designs such as diamond pavé are more delicate than others. it is wise to take lifestyle in to consideration when making your jewelry choices. important information relating to proper care can be found on the jewelry care essentials page. inbound shipping and insurance to whiteflash for service is the responsibility of the customer. complimentary fedex overnight return shipping and insurance to destinations within the us and canada is provided by whiteflash as part of the one year service policy upon completion of servicing. please see our returns policy page for more information on the process for delivering your valuables to whiteflash securely. your items will be carefully inspected and documented upon receipt. the requested work will be performed in a prompt and careful manner. should any of the required work be found to be the result of something other than normal wear or manufacturing defect, you will be advised of the specifics as well as associated fees, before work is commenced. fees for repairs or other servicing on your jewelry, as well as shipping and insurance, beyond the one year whiteflash service policy period are the sole responsibility of the customer. customers are highly encouraged to consider personal jewelry insurance, such as that provided by jewelers mutual, which will cover all repairs large and small. one year service policy does not cover damage or loss to certified diamonds or colored gemstones. please consider personal jewelry insurance for that protection. complimentary ring sizing we are dedicated to servicing your jewelry whenever the need arises. while we do encourage our customers to determine the correct ring size at the time of the order, we offer one complimentary sizing within a period of one year from the date of purchase on most rings. *certain designs cannot be sized, have limited ranges within which they can be sized, or will involve additional fees. please contact customer service for specific clarification. while the labor, materials and handling required for sizing are provided by whiteflash free of charge, shipping and insurance to and from whiteflash are the customer’s responsibility. for important details about secure shipping and costs please see our shipping policy page. additional services should your jewelry need servicing outside of the one year period, we will be happy to assist you. simply return the item to us for evaluation by following our secure returns process. it will be reviewed by our dedicated customer service team and you will be advised of services recommended as well as associated fees and timeframes before any work is done. no “drop” shipping a common practice in the industry that is particularly prevalent among internet sellers is to have diamonds or jewelry drop shipped from their supplier to the end user. this process is cheaper for the merchant, but they never actually see or evaluate the product they are delivering to their customer. whiteflash puts every diamond and jewelry item we sell through the same in-house quality control process described herein, thereby assuring that our customers can have the utmost confidence in their purchase. jewelry insurance it is a good idea to consider jewelry insurance to protect you in the event of accidental loss, theft, or damage. it is also important to understand what your policy does or does not cover. we exclusively endorse jewelers mutual insurance company for competitively priced, comprehensive all risk coverage. their policy covers minor damage such as broken prongs and missing accent diamonds as well as major damage, theft or loss. + can i get a commission or reward for recommending a friend to whiteflash? yes!  our referral and customer loyalty program was designed to provide extra incentive for recommending whiteflash to friends and family.  word of mouth is one of the most important ways that we grow our business and we love sending out those referral checks!  you can also benefit  when you come back to make additional purchases for yourself ("self" referral). find out how it works and how easy it is to get rewarded by reading our referrals and customer loyalty page. jewelry insurance + does whiteflash offer jewelry insurance? whiteflash does not sell insurance.  however, we encourage our customers to consider personal jewelry insurance in order to protect their fine jewelry in the event of loss, theft or damage.  there are a number of reputable companies providing this type of coverage.  one of the leaders in the field is jewelers mutual insurance company.  we recommend considering jewelers mutual as a specialist in jewelry offering all-risk, zero deductible policies at competitive rates, and  for their long history of great customer service. as a convenience whiteflash has placed a clickable logo linking to the jewelers mutual website on the bottom of our website enabling our customers to get contact information and obtain quotes very conveniently. + how much does it cost to insure fine jewelry? as with other kinds of insurance, rates vary widely as do coverage terms and conditions and dedictibles.  it is best to compare several companies before deciding. we have found that premiums for all-risk policies from highly rated companies run in the neighborhood of 2-3% of the value of the item on a per annum basis. you can easily get information on personal jewelry insurance from one of the leading specialists in the field by contacting jewelers mutual insurance company. custom jewelry design + how much deposit is required for custom design? there is no charge to have our team evaluate your project and provide you with a firm quote.  in order to proceed from that point a non-refundable $250 design fee deposit is required.  (full payment of any certified diamond or other feature gemstone going into the custom piece is required).  upon design approval, payment the balance is required in order to move to the production phase. for more information see our page on the custom jewelry design process. + how long does it take to make custom jewelry? we are very experienced in computer aided jewelry design and manufacturing (cad/cam).  our step-by-step process, during which customers work directly with our senior designer, is relatively quick.  the design phase requires approximately 10 business days.  upon finalization of design and customer approval of cad renderings (photo realistic images), the design goes to production and it takes approximately 10 business days to build and finish the piece. for more information see our page on the custom jewelry design process. + can you design a piece of jewelry from my sketch? yes.  our custom jewelry design process involves one-on-one collaboration between you and our senior designer.  you can provide design ideas through sketches, pictures, or even verbal descriptions. + how do the cad images differ from what the finished piece will look like? computer "renderings" generated from the cad file are quite realistic, but there are important subtle differences between these images and what you will see when the piece is finished.  the primary difference is that the program file includes extra metal that will necessarily be removed in the finishing and polishing steps.  therefore prongs look longer, edges sharper and the piece is overall a bit bulkier than it will be when finished. + can you send me the cad file so i can look at it using my software? you will get renderings (computer generated images) from the cad file but not the  file itself.  as a normal part of our agreement whiteflash retains all rights to the design.  we provide information and cad renderings necessary for the customer to verify that the design elements have been assembled in the manner specified and that the overall design captures what the customer envisioned. + can i speak to the designer before he starts working project? yes.  if you feel that a preliminary conversation is necessary for the designer to fully understand your project, you may request  that the designer contact you before beginning work on your project. other items of interest + grading lab overview and differences the grading of diamonds can and does vary. apart from carat weight (which is not subjective) the color and clarity grades a diamond receives differ, depending on the standards and strictness of the laboratory that does the grading. to a lesser degree grades can even vary within labs. standards the american gem society (ags) and gemological institute of america (gia) are recognized as having very strict standards. the  international gemological institute (igi) having labs all around the world and the hoge raad voor diamant (hrd) in antwerp  shares a similar reputation for top grading standards. these laboratories hold to the highest, most traditional standards of diamond grading. other major laboratories vary. in our experience the european gemological laboratories usa group (egl-usa) has higher standards than their other international locations (egl-labs), but all of them are less strict than the ags and gia. the world’s most common grading service is the international gemological institute (igi). many sellers of diamonds, including well-known chains, prefer to have their diamonds graded by the igi. consistency all laboratories use trained graduate gemologists who adhere to that lab’s chosen set of standards. when grading, inconsistencies may occur when a diamond is on the line between two grades. each diamond is observed by several graders and the majority opinion is used to issue the final color or clarity grades. the strictest labs are, as a rule, also the most consistent. information provided practically every lab provides information on carat weight, grades for color, clarity and finish (polish & symmetry) and girdle & culet measurements. the amount of information provided on a round diamond's cut proportions varies significantly and some laboratories offer different reports internally with varying amounts of information. most labs, particularly second and third-tier labs, provide no more than depth and table percentage, occasionally supplemented with crown and/or pavilion height percentage. fancy shapes include even less details as a rule. this is logical, as measurements are far less useful for predicting performance in shapes other than round. the major laboratories currently reporting all major measurements for round brilliants, including crown and pavilion angle averages, are igi, ags and the gia (although the gia reports several measurements in rounded form). there are boutique labs, small and independently run, that provide far more information and reporting than their major counterparts, including in-depth cut evaluation. notable examples of these are the agr in denver, aga in philadelphia and sgl in sarasota. cut grading cut quality determines how well a diamond will perform, therefore it is paramount in importance, but many grading reports still do not include a grade for cut.  the ags, gia and igi again, are the major leaders:  the ags "diamond quality document" (dqd) assigns a grade based on a scan of the diamond which is ray-traced to arrive at numerical values.  the ags also offers a "diamond quality report" (dqr) which costs less and provides all measurements,  a cut grade but not light performance.  the ags' top cut grade of 0 ('ags ideal') is considered very strict.  since the ags ideal cut grade also requires highest marks in proportions factors (durability) and finish (polish & symmetry), these diamonds are sometimes called 'triple zeros.'  in 2005 the ags switched from proportions, or measurements assessment, to direct light performance assessment.  the gia began grading cut for rounds in 2006.  their top cut grade of excellent is currently based on proportions assessment (much like the old ags system was). although they approach cut grading differently, either lab's top grade is a good assurance of durability and finish.  the gia's top grade is not as narrow as the ags', but the information provided is useful to discerning shoppers. igi antwerp have had a proportion (cut) grade since 1975 - 30 years prior to gia which has subsequently been improved upon.  egl usa has  offerd a performance grade since july 2007 based on imagem light behavior technology.  we will be better able to assess the system's strictness once those diamonds begin hitting the market and reach the hands of independent appraisers and other experts in a position to give unbiased feedback. appraisers independent appraisers have their own standards for grading. like laboratories, appraisers vary in strictness and consistency. it is not uncommon for an appraiser doing a blind evaluation to vary from the lab in color or clarity by a grade (particularly when the diamond is on the line between two grades). mounted diamonds are especially hard to agree-on, so the standard for these may be two grades difference.  some appraisers maintain the high standards of the ags and gia while others do not. the ags gia and igi have training programs and most reputable appraisers have completed coursework with these organizations. grading accuracy will never be 100% consistent as long as some elements are subjective and graded by humans, but laboratories and appraisers who maintain high standards and disclose complete information also tend to have the greatest consistency and reputability. + grading lab symmetry vs optical symmetry (hearts & arrows) (they are not the same) many people don't realize the symmetry grade on a diamond's laboratory report only refers to external meet point symmetry (facet junctions meeting equally) and uniformity of the diamond's external shape. optical symmetry, on the other hand, is the type of symmetry that is seen through a hearts & arrows viewer (both crown and pavilion views) or an ideal-scope/aset image (crown view).  optical symmetry is the observable result of how the diamond's facets physically align with each other internally, and how light reflects inside the diamond. the fact that some diamond experts use simply 'symmetry' when referring to optical symmetry confuses the issue for newcomers. graphic examples follow. example a:  meet point symmetry (graded by labs) what is evaluated here? facet junctions meeting equally:  seeing if the lines are clean and there is no misalignment. uniformity of the crown in relation to the pavilion:  making certain all of the main facets are aligned - that there is no “twist.” the diamond's symmetry grade you see on a laboratory 'certificate' is an assessment of the above.  studies have concluded that there is negligible visible difference between ideal, ex and vg in lab-issued symmetry and polish grades. example b:  optical symmetry (not graded by labs) also called patterning or hearts & arrows patterning what is evaluated here? good physical symmetry resulting from a detailed indexing of the facets (crown and pavilion facets appear in their correct place on the ‘clock’). how precisely patterned and flat facets are relative to their opposites (that there is no shift in the azimuth). when a cutter takes the facet (polishes it) from e to w, rather than from n to s, it can cause an azimuth shift, resulting in facet yaw.  this will show in optical symmetry. variation between crown and pavilion angles: it is acceptable to have some variation (subject to limitations) as long as there is no e-w yaw and opposite facets average correctly.  some might consider this an angles/proportions issue, but it is directly related to physical symmetry, as the question here is opposite facet relations, averaging and resultant light interaction. for that matter, it has been observed that a slight variation in opposite angles can improve overall scintillation and contrast as long as there is no presence of e-w yaw. what does this mean? meet point symmetry is external, the labs do not look at how each individual facet performs or interacts with other facets internally; they check only junctions and crown/pavilion relations.  this means a diamond can receive a grade of ideal or excellent in symmetry but may still have indexing issues (bottom clock in relation to the top clock), facet tilt, or yaw and extreme variations in angle measurements. the only way to observe physical symmetry is through a reflecting viewer. example c:  both of these diamonds were graded excellent in symmetry both diamonds were photographed using a hearts & arrows viewer.  both received a top grade of excellent in symmetry.  the difference in facet relationships is obvious, but on paper the symmetry grade is the same. this is how patterning - or optical symmetry - differs from lab graded symmetry.  to learn more about optical symmetry, visit our information on hearts & arrows and our whiteflash a cut above superideal hearts & arrows diamonds. + what are the hca (holloway cut advisor) and gia cut estimators? these online computerized estimators predict performance for a diamond when proportions are plugged in. in 2001 australian geologist garry holloway introduced the hca which gained great popularity on the internet. the gia cut estimator is based on a similar principal. the gia cut estimator uses a scale of 5 levels. the top grade, “excellent,” overlaps several ags grades. this wider range allows for configurations farther away from tolkowsky’s and a broader range of taste. the other grades in gia’s system are very good, good, fair and poor. the holloway cut advisor is a discriminating tool and will identify those diamonds predicted to be highly beautiful (the top 5% of known performers). it is a useful tool for rejection, but should not be used to select one good diamond over another. the best use of hca is a final check on your selection to ensure it is a good performer. + ideal-scope: overview and examples in the 1970s a japanese scientist named okuda developed ways to study diamond light performance using colored reflectors in magnified scopes.  this method of diamond assessment became popular on the internet with garry holloway’s “ideal-scope,” a simple magnifying tube containing a red reflector.  the ideal-scope creates a structured light environment.  when the diamond’s girdle is flush with the bottom of the tube, light entering the crown from above and properly returning to the eye will be red.  light escaping or ‘leaking’ out of the diamond's pavilion appears white. interpretation interpretation is simple.  here are sample photos of well-cut, average and poorly cut diamonds. + black areas indicate light returned at very high angles.  these areas are dark in the ideal-scope because light from directly above is blocked by the camera. + red areas indicate light returning to the eye at optimum angles. < pink areas indicate less optimum light return. - white indicates non-reflecting facets where light is escaping, or ‘leaking’ out of the diamond’s pavilion. the finest cut diamonds have an abundance of red, and a pattern of symmetrical black arrows radiating from the center.  average cut diamonds have areas of pink, gray and white leakage.  poorly cut diamonds have large areas of leakage and chaotic optical symmetry. an ideal-scope photo also gives an idea of the diamond’s optical symmetry and proportions.  the highest level of optical symmetry results in a sharp pattern of arrows in the crown.  good proportions result in robust light return.  a reference chart is available, linked here. contrast leakage finely cut diamonds may have small, triangular patterns of white along the edges, and outside of the center of the diamond.  these small areas of ‘contrast leakage’ are perfectly acceptable. whiteflash standardized photo system all diamonds in our inventory are photographed using a standardized ideal-scope system.  this system utilizes the transparent ideal-scope rps tray in a controlled studio with a 5000k color-corrected backlighting source approximating normal daylight. reflectors are the oldest, most proven method for reliable, uniform assessment of light performance in a diamond.  the ags is using a similar device for light performance assessment in its cut-grading system, called the aset or angular spectrum evaluation tool. + visible effects of painting & digging on superideal diamonds with grateful acknowledgment to john pollard, sergey sivovolenko, agsl and gia laboratories for valuable resources and input. graphics produced with diamcalc software by octonus. note: this article pertains only to 'superideal' diamonds, meaning those with commonly agreed 'ideal' proportions and a high level of optical symmetry. our understanding is that this diamond category makes up less than 1% of all round brilliant diamonds produced. the effects can be quite different on deeper and shallower diamonds. preface: common questions q: what are painting & digging? a: they are approaches taken in final stages of polish, or brillianteering. painting shifts upper/lower girdle facets toward the mains so angles are closer together. the result is that average girdle thickness where the half junctions meet is greater than average thickness where the mains meet (diagram below). digging tilts upper/lower girdle facets away from mains so angles are farther apart. the result is that average girdle thickness where the half junctions meet is thinner than average thickness where the mains meet (diagram below). for a more technical description refer to this gia publication: click here q: why paint or dig? to try and retain weight at critical points: if a diamond is close to a commercially important weight the painting approach may be used because less material is polished away. on the example below normal indexing would result in a finished diamond weighing 0.99 ct. painting to 4 degrees - particularly on the pavilion's long lower girdle facets - allows the commercially important 1.00 ct mark to be 'saved.' to improve a verbal description of girdle thickness or clarity: for example, a very thick girdle may be dug out enough so that it will appear only 'slightly thick' to the grader, or an inclusion could be dug-out in order to improve the clarity grade. relative to crown-only painting: to acquire desirable visual properties. a measure of crown-only painting on 'superideal' diamonds can improve the diamond's brightness and increase the amount of visible broadfire dispersion. q: why is it said that painting & digging are bad? a: because the most common uses of painting & digging are 'swindling strategies' in answers 1 and 2, above. what is not commonly known is that a measure of crown-only painting on superideal makes can be used to acquire desirable visual properties. remember that the 'superideal' category of diamonds makes up less than 1% of all round diamonds produced. the purpose of this article is to illustrate the differences between crown-only painting (which can be positive) and pavilion painting or digging of any kind (which are negative). + surface graining, pinpoints or additional clouds 'not shown'?? what does it mean? many times a diamond grading report will list surface graining, pinpoints, additional clouds, etc. as 'not shown.' the diamond's report is just noting that these things exist for sake of thoroughness.  'not shown' means they are non-issues. surface graining is diamond structural irregularity. you can see it with a microscope. the diamond graining may resemble faint facet junction lines, or cause a grooved or wavy surface. they look like polishing lines, but they often cross facet junctions where polishing lines don't. it is a natural characteristic of the diamond crystal, and not a reflection of the diamond's cut quality. pinpointing are miniscule spots internal to a diamond.  a diamond's cluster of pinpoints can form a cloud.  to draw them would make them appear far more intense than they actually are, and would give a false impression of the diamond's clarity grade.  for the sake of thoroughness additional clouds are mentioned, since they were taken into consideration for the diamond's total clarity grade.  not drawing them is standard procedure and nothing to worry about. why sarin and lab report numbers don’t always match numbers may differe slightly among devices used to measure diamonds. this is the nature of instrumentation; none is perfect, only more or less precise and accurate. fortunately, differences are so slight that they are insignificant in human terms. official numbers because of their independence and consistency we consider the diamond’s laboratory report to be the “document of authority.” sarin error non-contact scanners like sarin, ogi and helium have a given error. sarin’s error is &pl... read more understanding the new ags cut grading system all text and images copyright 2005 american gem society. reproduced with permission. -------------------------------------------------------------------------------- understanding the new ags cut grading system by peter yantzer, cg jck show thursday, june 2, 2005. 10:30 to 11:30 am in room 105 -------------------------------------------------------------------------------- sit back, relax, enjoy, absorb this presentation is... read more what are the ideal-scope and aset? in the 1970s a japanese scientist named okuda developed ways to study diamond light performance using colored reflectors in magnified scopes. this method of assessment became popular on the internet with the “ideal-scope,” a simple magnifying tube containing a red reflector that creates a structured light environment. the ideal-scope was developed by garry holloway fgaa, dipdt, jaa appraiser. an ideal-scope photograph shows what areas of a diamond return light to the viewer’s eye and what areas do not. i... read more what is the virtual diamond database that many sellers use? clarification: every whiteflash a cut above® and expert selection diamond is located at whiteflash, living in our vault. we sourced these diamonds ourselves and they are exclusive to us. another option we offer is access to the virtual diamond database that many vendors use. we use information provided by the supplier to determine whether we predict these diamonds to be ideal, very good, etc. at whiteflash we don’t believe in having a diamond drop-shipped to you from a supplier. we will never sell... read more why are sarin numbers sometimes different than those on the grading report? sarin states an error potential of ± 0.02 mm linear, and ± 0.2 degrees angular. between the lab grading document and our own machine onsite slight inconsistencies may occur. in such cases we consider the laboratory document to be the authority.... read more will you use mechanized assessment in the future? we have tested mechanized/computerized light performance devices but have found none that give relevant and repeatable results. we recognize the marketing value that could help us sell diamonds, but will not compromise our commitment to setting standards that are meaningful for our customers. when relevant and repeatable technology is developed we may adopt it. until that time we endorse the same natural assessment techniques used by the world’s leading diamond cutters and laboratories.... read more 1 shape any shapes round princess cushion emerald radiant asscher pear marquise oval heart trillion spring cut european cut old miner flanders kite star carat - color d e f g h i j k l m n o p q r s t u w x y z - d e f g h i j k l m n o p q r s t u w x y z clarity if vvs1 vvs2 vs1 vs2 si1 si2 si3 - if vvs1 vvs2 vs1 vs2 si1 si2 si3 cut ideal excellent verygood good fair - ideal excellent verygood good fair price - search solitaire settings three stone settings diamond settings wedding sets design your ring whiteflash gallery request design wedding bands diamond earrings diamond pendants diamond bracelets right hand rings men's jewelry whiteflash design anniversary jewelry news diamond education whiteflash books wallpapers vatche rings diamonds design jewelry garnet dreams of africa wedding ring celebrity earrings ring size engagement rings solitaire prong bezel settings champagne eternity halo lotus micro pave v prong solitaire rings mens jewelry wedding bands follow us subscribe sign up for our newsletter: whiteflash news dreams of africa blog contact us info@whiteflash.com telephone1-877-612-6770 outside usa1-832-252-6770 6222 richmond ave. suite 700 houston, tx 77057 usa give us feedback if you have suggestions regarding whiteflash.com site, please, fill form below and click "send". your name your e-mail send thanks for your feedback. we appreciate your help in improving whiteflash website. close © 2000-2011 whiteflash - a brilliant diamond buying experience ® privacy policies resourcessitemap what would you like to do? buy this diamond without setting – you can still add the diamond to a setting later if you decide to do so. buy this diamond with setting. search from our selection of diamond settings to find your perfect ring. * register with whiteflash to receive better prices and discounts what would you like to do? buy setting now without diamond. you can add a diamond to this setting later. buy diamond with this setting. choose from our selection of loose diamonds to create your ideal engagement ring. what would you like to do? buy earrings now without diamond. you can add a diamond to these earrings later. buy these earrings with our diamonds. choose from our selection of loose diamonds to create your gorgeous earrings.