来源URL: https://web.archive.org/web/20121231062917/http://www.whiteflash.com/about-diamonds/news/
================================================================================

all jewelry news at whiteflash my diamonds (0) my jewelry (0) my diamond pairs (0) last visited products free worldwide shipping sign in wish list shopping cart ideal diamonds and fine jewelry loose diamonds loose diamonds search diamond pairs search request a diamond learn about diamonds engagement rings solitaire settings three stone settings diamond settings designer rings wedding sets design your ring request custom ring wedding bands women’s wedding bands men’s wedding bands diamond bands plain bands diamond jewelry engagement rings wedding bands/anniversary bands whiteflash design diamond earrings and studs diamond pendants and necklaces diamond bracelets and bangles right hand rings men's jewelry colored gemstones dreams of africa jewelry awear jewelry for conscious kids education news diamond education all about jewelry jewelry care essentials gems & gemology whiteflash policies tips and advice platinum celebrity jewelry diamond videos faq custom jewelry design see our gallery custom ring buider request a diamond shop with confidence about whiteflash bbb pinnacle award 2012 free shipping money back guarantee lifetime trade up one year buy back customer loyalty program testimonials customer reviews whiteflash - iso 9000 877-612-6770 livechat | contact education > news whiteflash news rss 14 dec 2012 01:59 gia ex vs ags ideal gia ex vs ags ideal of the diamond “4 c’s”, diamond cut quality is considered by experts to be the most important. defects in cut quality will result in diminished light performance. and after all, it is brilliance, fire and scintillation that make diamonds beautiful. thus the debate between gia ex and ags ideal is one worth exploring. select your diamond gia  and agsl are the two most important gemological laboratories and both do cut quality analysis on diamonds. the american gem society laboratories began issuing cut grading reports in 1996 setting the standa... more interesting agsl diamond clarity grad ... diamond fluorescence - go ... diamond laser inscription ags vs gia | ags diamond ... whiteflash announces new ... publishers list modern engagement rings collection by ritani 11 dec 2012 01:32 modern engagement rings collection by ritani ritani modern engagement ring the modern collection of ritani engagement rings feature a variety of themes that reflect the beautifully eclectic taste of the designer. modern engagement rings feature unique and sophisticated design motifs with a romantic and modern twist. ritani rings are all exquisitely detailed and versatile. the designer brilliantly created them to be heirloom quality,... more pin it to win it – verragio engagement ring pinterest giveaway with whiteflash 07 dec 2012 09:13 pin it to win it – verragio engagement ring pinterest giveaway with whiteflash pinning images on pinterest is a popular and fun way to share common interests with millions of your closest friends. now imagine if, just by pinning, you were able to win a verragio engagement ring worth $2500.  that would certainly make the holidays bright! people love to see the passion and creativity that are put into pinterest boards.  this december let everyone see your vision of the perfect holiday wedding and... more agsl diamond clarity grading 04 dec 2012 04:03 diamond clarity grading - the agsl way diamond clarity grading involves assessing how readily visible the inclusions  in a diamond are and accounting for an extensive list of potential variables including the size, number, type, location and relief of those inclusions. at the american gem society laboratories (agsl), clarity grading begins once color grading is completed. the grading sequence is sometimes altered depending on workflow considerations. for more information please see the article in this se... more diamond fluorescence - good or bad? 29 nov 2012 01:33 diamond fluorescence - good or bad? diamond fluorescence the answer is both… or neither. what is fluorescence in a diamond? when exposed to invisible ultraviolet (uv) light, many diamonds temporarily     luminesce, emitting visible light of different colors and different strengths. sunlight and  indoor fluorescent lights  contain varying amounts of uv radiation. a significant percentage of... more venetian engagement rings collection by verragio 22 nov 2012 03:11 venetian engagement rings collection by verragio verragio venetian collection afn-5005cu the venetian collection of verragio engagement rings is quite unique and extraordinary. they offer self customization by allowing you to select a particular look for the bottom portion (shank) of the ring. it’s like getting a custom ring specifically suited for your individual taste and style. verragio venetian collection rings are availa... more endless love engagement rings collection by ritani 21 nov 2012 02:48 endless love engagement rings collection by ritani ritani engagement rings an engagement ring is the most important piece of jewelry a woman will wear. it’s not just a sparkly accessory for her everyday attire, but a constant reminder of your unending love and commitment for the rest of your lives. ritani engagement rings are designed to represent this undying love and affection shared between each and every couple. show all... more engagement ring shopping on a college student budget 21 nov 2012 02:15 engagement ring shopping on a college student budget so you’re right in the middle of getting your college education and you meet the person of your dreams. considering the rising cost of tuition, fees, living expenses and all that’s associated, the idea of engagement ring shopping seems daunting at best. with student loans looming in your future, the logic and feasibility of committing to the expenses associated with diamond engagement rings can be quite intimidating. show all engagement ring... more 10 diamond district shopping dos and don’ts 06 nov 2012 03:58 10 diamond district shopping dos and don’ts anyone who has every tried to shop for loose diamonds or an engagement ring in new york’s famed diamond district knows that it can be overwhelming, frustrating and intimidating, as well as an amazing place to shop and browse in the most highly concentrated district of diamonds and diamond jewelry in the world. the diamond district, occupying hardly more than one square block of space on 47th and 48th street in manhattan, is home to a whopping 2,600 diamond a... more decided to buy diamond and setting separately? pros and cons 06 nov 2012 03:16 decided to buy diamond and setting separately? pros and cons there are many aspects to consider when shopping for an engagement ring. one of those is the decision of whether or not to buy your diamond and setting separately. what are the advantages of buying the diamond separate from the setting? what are the disadvantages? what will be the deciding factor for you? after all, this is going to be both an important and sentimental purchase that deserves serious consideration. and your intended will appreciate the th... more most popular diamond jewelry in houston 06 nov 2012 01:51 most popular diamond jewelry in houston whether you are looking for a funky pair of earrings to wear on vacation, a glamorous diamond bracelet for a black-tie affair, or simple stud earrings for everyday errands, you would be surprised to find out how easy it is to find jewelry and even engagement rings in houston. select your diamond while houston may not have an international reputation for fine jewelry shopping the way los angeles, new york, paris and london do, it is still far... more page 1 of 121 [1] 2 3 4 5 >> continue shopping at whiteflash.com search diamonds view rings see jewelry view gallery shape any shapes round princess cushion emerald radiant asscher pear marquise oval heart trillion spring cut european cut old miner flanders kite star carat - color d e f g h i j k l m n o p q r s t u w x y z - d e f g h i j k l m n o p q r s t u w x y z clarity if vvs1 vvs2 vs1 vs2 si1 si2 si3 - if vvs1 vvs2 vs1 vs2 si1 si2 si3 cut ideal excellent verygood good fair - ideal excellent verygood good fair price - search find your ring size solitaire settings three stone settings diamond settings designer rings wedding sets design your ring whiteflash gallery request design wedding bands diamond earrings diamond pendants diamond bracelets right hand rings men's jewelry whiteflash design anniversary jewelry news diamond education whiteflash books promotions wallpapers the perfect fit enter amount: select country australia canada singapore united kingdom alberta british colombia manitoba new brunswick newfoundland northwest territory nova scotia nunavut ontario prince edward island quebec saskatchewan yukon sub total: duty: shipping: total: calculate ? rings diamonds jewelry wedding engagement rings solitaire wedding bands diamond rings wedding sets verragio follow us sign up for our newsletter: whiteflash news dreams of africa blog whiteflash rating : 5rating based on 3136 reviews. read all testimonials contact us give us feedback if you have suggestions regarding whiteflash.com site, please, fill form below and click "send". your name your e-mail send thanks for your feedback. we appreciate your help in improving whiteflash website. close info@whiteflash.com telephone 1-877-612-6770 outside usa 1-832-252-6770 2150 town square place suite 330 sugar land, tx 77479 usa winner of the 2012 bbb pinnacle award best jeweler in houston, texas mobile version © 2000-2012 whiteflash - a brilliant diamond buying experience ® privacy policies sitemap what would you like to do? buy this diamond without setting – you can still add the diamond to a setting later if you decide to do so. buy this diamond with setting. search from our selection of diamond settings to find your perfect ring. what would you like to do? buy this diamond pair without setting – you can still add the diamond pair to a setting later if you decide to do so. buy this diamond pair with earrings. search our selection for studs and earrings to find the perfect match for your diamonds. what would you like to do? buy setting now without diamond. you can add a diamond to this setting later. buy diamond with this setting. choose from our selection of loose diamonds to create your ideal engagement ring. what would you like to do? buy earrings now without diamond. you can add a diamond to these earrings later. buy these earrings with our diamonds. choose from our selection of loose diamonds to create your gorgeous earrings.