来源URL: https://web.archive.org/web/20131229174509/http://www.whiteflash.com/about-diamonds/tips-and-advice/
================================================================================

tips and advice at whiteflash my diamonds (0) my jewelry (0) my diamond pairs (0) last visited products free shipping worldwide visit the whiteflash houston jewelry showroom sign in wish list shopping cart ideal diamonds and fine jewelry loose diamonds loose diamonds search diamond pairs search request a diamond learn about diamonds certified diamonds a cut above diamonds engagement rings diamond solitaire diamond settings three stone rings designer rings wedding sets design your ring custom ring builder designer rings tacori rings verragio rings ritani rings mark schneider rings vatche rings benchmark rings wedding rings womens wedding rings mens wedding rings diamond rings plain rings diamond jewelry diamond earrings diamond pendants diamond necklaces diamond bracelets anniversary rings dreams of africa mens jewelry tacori jewelry education diamond education jewelry education jewelry care essentials gems & gemology diamond videos tips and advice whiteflash news whiteflash policies faq reviews why whiteflash about whiteflash the whiteflash guarantee bbb pinnacle award 2012 iso 9000 certified conflict free diamonds free shipping life time trade up one year buy back money back guarantee customer loyalty program 877-612-6770 livechat | contact education  > tips and advice whiteflash news 9/24/2013  big diamond big diamond big 6 carat diamond next to a 1 carat diamond an extraordinarily big diamond is very rare and continues to become even more rare as diamond mines are depleted. discoveries of large diamonds are well publicized, often making headlines. many have a history that fascinate and intrigue as well. one of the most famous is the cullinan, found in south africa in 190... read more 9/11/2013  diamond value diamond value there are different ways to think about and discuss diamond value. the size and quality of diamonds determine diamond prices. but for a diamond shopper trying to sort through the complications of the diamond 4 c’s, what is most important is determining what tradeoffs can be made that will result in getting the best diamond for a given budget. and the best way to approach that goal is to look at the diamond grading scale and see how gemological grades impact the beauty of diamonds. in the grand... read more 8/19/2013  online jewelry stores online jewelry stores the emergence of e-commerce as a significant channel for shopping has occurred relatively recently. it was just couple of years before the turn of the new millennium that the first products were being offered that customers could actually “click and buy”. the first products sold effectively were those that were relatively inexpensive and each unit was identical, such as books, movies and music. the number of online jewelry stores in those early years was very, very small.&n... read more 8/16/2013  engagement rings houston - whiteflash engagemen rings in houston houston, texas is the fourth largest city in the us, houston has plenty of everything. houston is well known for its world class theater district, museums, countless restaurants and lively nightlife. when it comes to shopping, the famous galleria is just one of the many upscale malls and to select from. the city is resplendent with elegant fashionable shopping areas. of course anyone looking for engagement rings in houston will find an abundance of beautiful selections. no matter what the taste or... read more 5/8/2013  tacori reviews tacori reviews for over four decades, tacori rings have been known for combining classic timeless elegance with modern sophistication. established in 1969 by haig tacorian, the california based american designer has become one of the most respected in the jewelry industry. tacori reviews and testimonials from delighted owners of these distinctive designs regularly attest to the beauty and intricacy of each handcrafted piece in the tacori collections. the uniqueness of tacori is evident sin... read more 5/7/2013  mark schneider reviews mark schneider reviews mark schneider enchantment mark schneider’s philosophy for jewelry design is to create wearable pieces of art. countless glowing mark schneider reviews attest to the magic of fine jewelry design by an artist who is also a master craftsman.  in addition to thousands of delighted clients, the passion he has for his work has earned this outstanding jewelry designer o... read more 4/11/2013  diamond sparkle - the benefits of ring cleaning diamond sparkle - the benefits of ring cleaning diamond sparkle the amazing sparkle of a diamond- there is nothing else quite like it. experts will tell you that a well cut diamond will display fire and brilliance far beyond the average cut diamond. ideal cut diamonds such as whiteflash a cut above® hearts and arrows diamonds are cut for maximum light performance and exhibit sparkle even in th... read more 4/2/2013  solitaire ring ideas solitaire ring ideas legato solitaire ring “simple but elegant” is more in style than ever. they say “everything old is new again” and that holds true throughout the fashion and jewelry industry. some classic styles never completely disappear, but often resurface and evolve throughout the years. that is true with the beautiful solitaire ring. the highly ornate and... read more 3/25/2013  the diamond pendant - elegance at its best the diamond pendant - elegance at its best bella diamond pendant the beautiful diamond pendant is always a classic look of elegance. it is the one piece of jewelry that a woman wears the absolute closest to her heart. as a gift, diamond pendant necklaces can hold a special meaning, sometimes only known between the giver and the receiver. historically, a diamond necklace has been... read more 3/18/2013  designer engagement rings - what are the most important considerations? designer engagement rings - what are the most important considerations? vatche engagement ring preparing for engagement and marriage is a once in a lifetime event. the rings that you are given the day you get engaged and married are ones you will wear for the rest of your life. with that in mind, there are many purchases where cutting corners is necessary and acceptable but when shopping for... read more 3/15/2013  diamond jewelry - houston style! diamond jewelry -  houston style! houston is the fourth largest city in the united states, and every possible commodity you would ever wish to purchase is available, including diamond jewelry. no matter what your taste and budget, there is likely a source very near you to meet your requirements. with such an abundance of commercial quality diamond jewelry, most houston jewelry shoppers have no difficulty finding something pretty. but every now and then, we are blessed with a special occasion or moment... read more 3/15/2013  why are engagement rings diamonds? why are engagement rings diamonds? when someone gets engaged, the common expectation is to receive a diamond engagement ring.  it is considered to be the symbol of love and affection, and of betrothal. it’s what all little girls dream about receiving one day when they grow up, and all young men want to give to their true love. but did you ever wonder why are engagement rings diamonds instead of some other gemstone?  the reason has to do with the amazing properties of diamond and what the en... read more 3/15/2013  buying an engagement ring - is there anything more stressful? buying an engagement ring - is there anything more stressful? perhaps one of the most exciting and eventful days in a woman’s life is when she is presented with a diamond engagement ring. even when she knows it’s coming, there is nothing quite as thrilling as the moment her eyes behold that sparkling symbol of love and affection. at the same time, many men find buying an engagement ring to be an extremely stressful and taxing experience.  after all, most men have never had an opportun... read more 3/12/2013  wedding ring or wedding band - what's the difference? wedding ring or wedding band - what's the difference? to quote beyoncé; “if you like it then you should have put a ring on it”. she was probably referring to a diamond engagement ring, and we all know what those are. but when it’s time to march down the aisle and say your “i do’s”, do you put on a wedding ring or a wedding band – and what’s the difference? search for rings and bands traditionally wedding bands were only worn by men. they were si... read more 3/12/2013  diamond as an investment - is it a good idea? diamond as an investment - is it a good idea? besides being an investment in the future happiness of a newly engaged bride or groom to be, questions are frequently asked about diamond as an investment. are diamonds a good investment financially? there is not a clear cut answer to this question, but it is an intriguing one!  like all investments, the results can be unpredictable. however, despite the volatile and erratic global market, the demand for diamonds remains strong throughout the world.  ... read more 3/11/2013  houston diamond retailers - where to find the best price on certified diamonds in houston houston diamond retailers - where to find the best price on certified diamonds in houston houston, texas is the largest city in the state of texas and the fourth largest city in the entire united states.   and in houston diamonds are where it’s at! whether you are a native born texan or just “got here as quick as you could”, it’s a pretty safe bet that there is a major shopping area somewhere very near you. and where there is shopping, there is usually jewelry. you ma... read more 3/4/2013  how to buy a diamond - a practical diamond guide how to buy a diamond - a practical diamond guide the tiny but mighty diamond, and all that it represents, is amazing to behold. there is so much emotion associated with buying a diamond. what better way to say “i will love you forever”? what better way to wish a happy birthday, happy graduation, happy anniversary?   the joy in giving the gift of a diamond is only outweighed by the expression on your loved ones face when receiving it. but along with this joy, there may be an element... read more 3/4/2013  yellow gold - is it making a comeback? yellow gold - is it making a comeback? verragio yellow gold ring are “yellow days here again”? for the past couple of decades, the traditional look of yellow gold in the world of jewelry has been largely out of fashion, at least in the u.s. market. but jewelry fashion tends to move in cycles. what was once the obvious choice began to fade from sight in many parts of the world. the... read more 3/4/2013  houston diamond shoppers - learn the best kept secret in town! houston diamond shoppers - learn the best kept secret in town! you won’t see giant billboards along the highway, nor are you likely to have your tv enjoyment interrupted by a distracting ad. but if you are in the market for a certified diamond or diamond engagement ring, you will want to know more about whiteflash! you very well may end up joining a growing number of houston diamond shoppers that have discovered this gem of a company. with a lovely new boutique style showroom in the upscale co... read more 2/27/2013  princess diamond – what to look for in a princess cut diamond princess diamond – what to look for in a princess cut diamond “once upon a time there lived a princess… “   unlike the fairy tale princess, this one was born in the skilled hands of a diamond cutter sometime in the 1960’s. since then, the princess diamond has gained royal status and is now second only to the round brilliant in popularity.  the princess cut diamond  has a brilliant style facet arrangement on the pavilion, much like a round diamond, but i... read more 2/18/2013  diamond sparkle - why do diamonds sparkle? diamond sparkle - why do diamonds sparkle? “finding truth – finding love, these diamonds sparkle from lights above” author unknown. a lovely thought, but the real question is; why do diamonds sparkle and which diamond sparkles the most? aside from their monetary and sentimental value, the sparkle of a diamond is what makes them so breathtakingly beautiful. everything in the world and in the universe that glitters and glows is compared to the brilliance of a diamond. even as... read more 2/18/2013  the diamond tennis bracelet - tennis anyone? the diamond tennis bracelet - tennis anyone? as a fine jewelry accessory the diamond tennis bracelet is hard to “match”.  it is rare that a piece of jewelry (or anything else for that matter) soars in popularity and remains there for decades and beyond.  the diamond tennis bracelet has definitely reached this illustrious status.   as a matter of fact, the style was popular even before the now ubiquitous term was coined. before 1987, a row of diamonds set in a bracelet in a symmet... read more 2/15/2013  diamond history - early uses for diamonds diamond history - early uses for diamonds most of us think of diamonds as beautiful sparkling gemstones that are worn in the form of jewelry. we associate diamonds with expressions of love, engagement, anniversary, status and luxury.    but if you look at the history of diamonds you will find there is much more then meets the eye. in diamond history, early uses for diamonds included such things as warding off evil spirits, healing illness and casting love spells.  today, it could be said tha... read more 2/7/2013  most popular fancy diamond shapes top diamond cuts most popular fancy diamond shapes top diamond cuts when selecting a diamond, the shape of the diamond itself is one of the most important considerations.   each of the various diamond shapes and cuts have their own unique characteristics.  like all jewelry and fashion items, the most popular diamond shapes can depend on current trends and fads.  below i will describe the different diamond shapes you are most likely to encounter. but first a word about the shape that is identified most closel... read more 2/5/2013  diamond color education - diamond color guide from d - z diamond color education - diamond color guide when gemologists and industry experts refer to diamond color in the normal range (d-z), the rule of thumb is “less is more”. a diamond’s lack of color contributes to its rarity and value. that is why a certified diamond that is white or “colorless” will receive a better diamond color grade than one that has visible color. as you learn about diamond color, you will find that color in a loose diamond usually manifests itself in pale... read more 2/5/2013  engagement ring insurance 101 - you've lost your jewelry, now what? engagement ring insurance 101 - you've lost your jewelry, now what? engagement ring insurance, like any other kind of insurance, is the last thing you ever want to use but the one thing you are glad is there when you need it. there’s an awful pit in the stomach that comes with the realization that your valuable and sentimental piece of jewelry is missing. i know, i’ve been there, a couple of times. in the first instance, i did not have jewelry insurance and had to suffer the consequences. ... read more 2/5/2013  diamond earrings - a timeless fashion statement! diamond earrings - a timeless fashion statement! 6 prong diamond earrings no matter how the styles change and what the current trends are, classic diamond earrings are always in fashion. as essential as the “little black dress”, the beautiful simplicity and sophistication of unencumbered round diamonds glowing on your earlobes will always be the perfect fashion statement. women te... read more 2/4/2013  great love and engagement quotes great love and engagement quotes the world is constantly changing. technology is moving faster then we can possibly keep up with. people change, governments change, everything changes. the one thing that remains the same throughout the decades and all over the world is the mystical, unexplainable experience called love. the word itself is incredibly powerful. it is unconditional affection with no limits. many love and engagement quotes have referred to love the “universal language&rdqu... read more 1/28/2013  diamond quality vs quantity - why the bigger diamond is not always better diamond quality vs quantity - why the bigger diamond is not always better buying a diamond for an engagement ring will probably be one of the most important purchases you ever make. deciding if you want “bang for the buck” or higher diamond quality and less diamond carat weight depends largely on what matters most to the person who will be wearing the diamond. the majority of people try to find a “happy medium” between diamond quality and diamond carat size. lik... read more 1/28/2013  engagement ring styles - solitaire engagement rings are still the most popular choice solitaire engagement rings - still the most popular choice diamond rings have been given to women, along with a proposal of marriage, since the early 15th century. in those days, diamonds were believed to have the power to enhance the bonds of love between husbands and wives. for many people, that belief still holds true. in the centuries that followed and to this very day, the diamond signifies devotion, love, commitment and a pledge between married couples all over the world. the solitaire diam... read more 1/24/2013  precious metals education precious metals education before making a fine jewelry purchase, it is important for customers to acquaint themselves with the characteristics of the various jewelry materials and get a bit of a precious metals education. some of the most common precious metals used in creating jewelry are gold, silver, platinum, palladium and tungsten. the most frequently used gold alloys are 14k white gold, 18k white gold, 14k yellow gold, 18k yellow gold and 14k rose gold (also known as 14k pink gold). due to i... read more 1/18/2013  round brilliant or princess - selecting a diamond style round brilliant or princess - selecting a diamond style when it comes to diamond shapes, the two that stand out above the rest are the round brilliant cut and the square princess cut. both are known for their eye catching sparkle and brilliance. the right one for you depends largely on personal taste and the different qualities of each that you find especially important. round or round brilliant cut diamonds are the most traditional cuts and continue to be the most prevalent in today’s mark... read more 1/11/2013  military engagement ring discounts military engagement ring discounts when shopping around for such an expensive purchase, people often ask about a military engagement ring discount. whiteflash sincerely appreciates the sacrifices of the many brave men and women who dedicate themselves to serving our great nation. and we are proud to play a role in such an important time in each and every one of their lives. as a small token of appreciation, whiteflash offers a military discount on diamond engagement rings. if you are just starting your sear... read more 1/11/2013  10 best questions to ask on a first date 10 best questions to ask on a first date first dates can be a bit nerve-racking to some people since they can often make or break a future relationship before it begins. it brings to mind the old saying “you never get a second chance to make a first impression.” once an initial impression is made and the first date is arranged, most people pretty much have an idea if they would like this to lead to date number two and beyond. there is so much you want to know about the person across the table from you on that fi... read more 1/3/2013  diamond buying guide diamond buying guide diamond buying guide diamond search – tips and advice if you are shopping for a diamond, (as you most likely are since you are reading this page!) here is some practical guidance that will help you in your quest. the first piece of advice that should appear on any good diamond buying guide is to decide on a budget. if you stay within your means it will help you to focus, and it will remove a lot of stress f... read more 12/27/2012  the ritani setting engagement rings collection by ritani the ritani setting engagement rings collection by ritani recognized as one of the most sought after designers in the wedding ring industry, ritani engagement rings capture the very essence of the love and emotion which they signify. each handcrafted, individual work of art lends an aura of elegance and confidence of the woman who wears it. ritani continually strives to produce the most unique and alluring engagement rings on the market. ... read more 12/11/2012  modern engagement rings collection by ritani modern engagement rings collection by ritani ritani modern engagement ring the modern collection of ritani engagement rings feature a variety of themes that reflect the beautifully eclectic taste of the designer. modern engagement rings feature unique and sophisticated design motifs with a romantic and modern twist. ritani rings are all exquisitely detailed and versatile. the designer brilliantly created them to be heirloom quality, while kee... read more 11/22/2012  venetian engagement rings collection by verragio venetian engagement rings collection by verragio verragio venetian collection afn-5005cu the venetian collection of verragio engagement rings is quite unique and extraordinary. they offer self customization by allowing you to select a particular look for the bottom portion (shank) of the ring. it’s like getting a custom ring specifically suited for your individual taste and style. verragio venetian collection rings are available with fi... read more 11/21/2012  endless love engagement rings collection by ritani endless love engagement rings collection by ritani ritani engagement rings an engagement ring is the most important piece of jewelry a woman will wear. it’s not just a sparkly accessory for her everyday attire, but a constant reminder of your unending love and commitment for the rest of your lives. ritani engagement rings are designed to represent this undying love and affection shared between each and every couple. show all ritani rin... read more 11/21/2012  engagement ring shopping on a college student budget engagement ring shopping on a college student budget so you’re right in the middle of getting your college education and you meet the person of your dreams. considering the rising cost of tuition, fees, living expenses and all that’s associated, the idea of engagement ring shopping seems daunting at best. with student loans looming in your future, the logic and feasibility of committing to the expenses associated with diamond engagement rings can be quite intimidating. show all engagement rings for the... read more 11/6/2012  10 diamond district shopping dos and don’ts 10 diamond district shopping dos and don’ts anyone who has every tried to shop for loose diamonds or an engagement ring in new york’s famed diamond district knows that it can be overwhelming, frustrating and intimidating, as well as an amazing place to shop and browse in the most highly concentrated district of diamonds and diamond jewelry in the world. the diamond district, occupying hardly more than one square block of space on 47th and 48th street in manhattan, is home to a whopping 2,600 diamond and gold jew... read more 11/6/2012  decided to buy diamond and setting separately? pros and cons decided to buy diamond and setting separately? pros and cons there are many aspects to consider when shopping for an engagement ring. one of those is the decision of whether or not to buy your diamond and setting separately. what are the advantages of buying the diamond separate from the setting? what are the disadvantages? what will be the deciding factor for you? after all, this is going to be both an important and sentimental purchase that deserves serious consideration. and your intended will appreciate the thought and... read more 11/6/2012  most popular diamond jewelry in houston most popular diamond jewelry in houston whether you are looking for a funky pair of earrings to wear on vacation, a glamorous diamond bracelet for a black-tie affair, or simple stud earrings for everyday errands, you would be surprised to find out how easy it is to find jewelry and even engagement rings in houston. select your diamond while houston may not have an international reputation for fine jewelry shopping the way los angeles, new york, paris and london do, it is still far and away t... read more 11/2/2012  masterwork engagement rings collection by ritani masterwork engagement rings collection by ritani ritani masterwork engagement ring intricate detail is featured throughout all the ritani collections. superbly crafted with diamond micro-pave as a featured design element, ritani rings are nothing short of small works of art. but the art of designing engagement rings reveals itself not only in the detail of the ring but also the way in which the ring enriches the beauty of its center stone. ri... read more 11/1/2012  couture engagement rings collection by verragio couture engagement rings collection by verragio verragio couture eng-0410sr verragio cathedral engagement ring of all the jewelry anyone will ever wear, there is one piece that is unquestionably the most cherished of all. the ring that every girl dreams of- the one she will keep on her finger for the rest of her life. verragio engagement rings are designed to beautifully reflect individual taste a... read more 10/29/2012  diamond buying guide: how to buy a 1 carat diamond diamond buying guide: how to buy a 1 carat diamond every diamond is unique, and every person who sets out to buy a diamond or diamond engagement ring is unique as well. some diamond buyers have their hearts set on genuine hearts and arrows diamonds (ideal cut diamonds with a hearts and arrows pattern visible when viewed through a special viewer). others are looking for a matching pair of ideal round cut diamonds for a pair of custom earrings. some are looking for round shape diamonds, others for loose diamonds in square, re... read more 10/26/2012  benchmark rings reviews and locations benchmark rings reviews and locations benchmark wedding ring benchmark wedding bands are known the world over and benchmark is recognized as a leader in the wedding jewelry industry for over 40 years. benchmark sets the standard by which all others are measured. purchasing a wedding band can be both exciting and frustrating. a wedding band potentially becomes part of your daily wear for the rest of your life -some people never remove... read more 10/15/2012  classico engagement rings collection by verragio classico engagement rings collection by verragio verragio classico 0356 engagement ring verragio classico collection of engagement rings are just what the name indicates; classic, timeless and sophisticated. each one exhibits extreme attention to detail and exceptional style. they are a perfect symbol of love and commitment. verragio creates rings to last a lifetime and become priceless family heirlooms that will be treasured for generations.... read more 10/12/2012  vatche rings and jewelry boutique in sugar land | houston texas vatche rings and jewelry boutique in sugar land | houston texas vatche u-113 6 prong engagement ring as a visionary and perfectionist, vatche has become a well respected name in the world of designer jewelry. being very meticulous about the quality of his jewelry, vatche has personally trained his entire staff. vatche engagement rings are not only designed and crafted with precision, but undergo a scrupulous quality control inspection before... read more 10/12/2012  ritani rings and jewelry boutique in sugar land | houston texas ritani rings and jewelry boutique in sugar land | houston texas ritani engagement rings the name ritani alone conjures up thoughts of elegance and sophistication. since its beginning in 1999, ritani has made every effort to ensure its jewelry is associated with quality and durability. from its cutting edge computer generated designs to the traditional craftsmanship of each piece, ritani has quickly vaulted to the top of the designer j... read more 10/11/2012  what are diamonds made of? what are diamonds made of? bright, brilliant, sparkling diamonds are considered by many to be the most beautiful natural creations on earth. many are priceless precious possessions that have brought immense joy to people for countless years. ever wonder what exactly they are made of? take a look at that gorgeous rock on your finger and then look at the lead tip at the end of a pencil. believe it or not they are both formed from the same basic element, carbon. the difference (other than the obvious) is that the atoms... read more 10/9/2012  online or in-store? where to buy your diamond engagement ring online or in-store? where to buy your diamond engagement ring is purchasing diamonds online safe? can you get ripped off when buying engagement rings in a crowded, brightly-lit store? is it better to give yourself a diamond education and make the choice yourself or to trust an experienced salesperson when buying engagement rings? should you take engagement ring advice from friends and family or trust only a professional engagement ring buying guide? choose diamonds should you shop for a certified diamond by... read more 10/9/2012  top 10 diamond ring websites top 10 diamond ring websites while some people are still hesitant to buy diamonds online, the quality and variety available on the top diamond websites is starting to rival and even overtake traditional in-store merchandise. today, the top 10 diamond websites are a combination of online complements to traditional diamond jewelry designers along with some e-commerce specific companies. some of the best diamond jewelry websites have even recently opened bricks and mortar showrooms to provide local customers with an op... read more 10/9/2012  best place to buy certified diamonds online best place to buy certified diamonds online can you buy loose diamonds online? in an era when you can seemingly buy anything from a car to a new wardrobe to a week’s worth of groceries over the internet without stepping foot in a store, it is surprising that so many people are still skeptical about purchasing diamonds online. true, the real sparkle of an ideal cut diamond can only be appreciated in person, and even the most dazzling diamond photography is never going to fully convey the brilliance of a hearts... read more 10/4/2012  verragio rings and jewelry boutique in sugar land | houston texas verragio rings and jewelry boutique in sugar land | houston texas verragio rings are known for their ornate detail, enhancing every diamond with a touch of elegance and beauty. barry verragio, entrepreneur and innovator of the verragio brand, strives to make each design unique by using the perfect combination of design elements. each verragio ring is immaculately crafted, using the finest materials and resulting in engagement rings of superb quality. show all verragio rings the lumino setting is a signature techniqu... read more 10/4/2012  diamonds online - foolish or brilliant? diamonds online - foolish or brilliant? buying diamonds online most “normal” people will tell you they would never consider buying a diamond engagement ring online. yet some of them may be folks that eventually do just that! they will say that they would have to see, touch and feel it before ever committing to something as expensive and symbolically important as a diamond wedding ring. but if you aske... read more 10/4/2012  insignia engagement rings collection by verragio insignia engagement rings collection by verragio verragio insignia collection ins-7074r every girl imagines the day when she will receive that special, amazing, and perfect ring of her dreams. the one meant just for her. verragio is dedicated to making that dream come true, one beautiful piece at a time. the collection known as verragio insignia engagement rings is characterized by scroll work featuring the verragi... read more 9/28/2012  vatche reviews and locations vatche reviews and locations vatche caroline engagement ring vatche engagement rings have become the timeless treasures of thousands of happy couples. these exquisite original designs have set a new standard in the industry combining modern jewelry art with expert craftsmanship and top quality materials. every piece in this magnificent line has been designed by vatche himself. the results are enduring and... read more 9/28/2012  verragio reviews and locations verragio reviews and locations verragio is known for their exquisitely handcrafted diamond engagement rings and wedding bands. verragio reviews a bound with stories from lucky brides ecstatic with their rings and in particular the lumino setting which is the signature technique of designer barry verragio. this innovative mounting suspends the diamond exposing all its facets to the light. it is used in over 95% of  verragio styles. the development of the lumino setting eventually led this talented designer to establis... read more 9/24/2012  loose diamonds on ebay. buying diamonds on ebay – pros and cons loose diamonds on ebay. buying diamonds on ebay – pros and cons when thinking about a purchase as significant as a diamond, most people would not consider ebay a safe choice. of course caution is advised, but it is surprising how many consumers are buying jewelry, gemstones and even loose diamonds on ebay today. whether fixed price listings or loose diamonds on auction, if you are considering buying diamonds on ebay there are a few things to keep in mind. find your diamond there are many reputable sellers on... read more 9/24/2012  why your white gold may not look so white anymore! why your white gold may not look so white anymore! have you ever noticed your once gleaming shiny white gold jewelry looking slightly yellow or a perhaps a bit worn? you may have thought your eyes were playing tricks on you or that it must be the lighting in the room, especially if it’s a fairly new item. the actual reason for the seemingly dull discoloration of your “not so white” gold jewelry may surprise you. white gold is so popular, so beautiful, so bright and in truth, so non-existent. it... read more 9/17/2012  7 tips for taking care of your engagement ring 7 tips for taking care of your engagement ring the engagement ring: the platonic ideal of jewelry perfection. whether your ideal ring is a starkly perfect solitaire ring set with the finest hearts and arrows diamond, or you have a sparkling pave setting clearly picked out in your mind, chances are you've given this ring a lot of thought. and once it's no longer just a piece of jewelry, but a symbol of your relationship and the commitment you and your significant other have made to each other, that diamond engagement ring wi... read more 9/12/2012  how should i clean my diamonds? how should i clean my diamonds? remember the amazing sparkle and glow of your beautiful diamond jewelry the day you first received it? hand lotions, cleaning products and every day wear can cause layers of grime to accumulate on diamonds and make them appear dull and lifeless. although they are one of the hardest minerals on earth, diamonds are also magnets for dirt and grease. so if diamonds are your best friends, then treat them accordingly. it’s a good idea to clean a diamond on a regular basis so that materials do... read more 9/7/2012  ritani reviews and locations ritani reviews and locations ritani masterwork engagement ring ritani - the name evokes visions of delicate, romantically designed and brilliantly sparkling diamond rings. it’s enough to make any woman want to go out and get a good manicure and have someone put one of these beauties on her finger! and where would one go for one of these timeless and elegant designer engagement rings and wedding bands? no need... read more 9/4/2012  jewelry problems: most common problems with jewelry jewelry problems: most common problems with jewelry jewelry a problem?  seems like a contradiction in terms to most of us!  in fact even the finest and most cherished pieces of jewelry can eventually need refurbishing, repair or upkeep from time to time.  jewelry problems can range anywhere from minor adjustments to major restoration.  with today’s modern technology, almost any item can be made to look like new again.  a few years back i experienced this first hand.  my late mother-in-law... read more 9/1/2012  princess cut engagement rings princess cut engagement rings princess cut diamond engagement ring second only to the venerable round brilliant shape, princess cut diamond engagement rings are the most popular option for couples today. the princess is essentially a square version of the round brilliant, possssing many of the same attributes for fire and brilliance as the classic round. that is, provided you are looking at high quality gems such a... read more 9/1/2012  round cut engagement rings round cut engagement rings round cut diamond engagement ring with the classic round brilliant cut being the most recognizable and popular diamond shape it is not surprising that round cut diamond engagement rings outsell all other styles - and by a very wide margin. even though princess cut diamonds have grown significantly in popularity in the last decade or two, in shear numbers of diamonds sold, rounds are far a... read more 8/29/2012  top 5 reasons people return jewelry top 5 reasons people return jewelry did you every notice how long the lines are at the return desks of retail stores? less conspicuous, are the returns of on-line purchases. there are many reasons why people return purchased items, including jewelry. here are five that may be the most common: 1 spontaneous or impulse purchase – many of us have experienced that sudden urge to make an unplanned purchase. it can be an immediate mood lifter, especially if it’s something sparkly, blingy and irresistibly beau... read more 8/21/2012  most famous books about diamonds most famous books about diamonds confucius said “you cannot open a book without learning something”. there are books in every language about virtually every possible topic you can think of, including diamonds. although it’s hard to capture the beauty of a diamond in mere words, countless efforts have been made. there are books about diamonds in almost every language and they cover all aspects of these amazing gemstones, which hold a fascination the world over. there is a certain mystique about the diamond... read more 8/10/2012  cheap jewelry vs expensive jewelry cheap jewelry vs expensive jewelry for centuries, women and men alike have adorned themselves with jewelry. we are generally raised to invest a great deal of our self-worth in appearance. having nice sparkly baubles to wear is inclined to make one feel brighter, happier and more beautiful. in addition, jewelry is often thought to be an indicator of social status. whether it’s expensive jewelry or cheap jewelry seems to be the differentiator in this case. jewels can be bought for almost any body part; ears, neck, finge... read more 8/10/2012  top tips for an original proposal top tips for an original proposal if you are going to put tons of time, money and effort into a proposal for your special someone, you want it to be original. sure, you can take her to a nice restaurant, get down on bended knee, and pull out the ring, but with a little effort and creativity, you can create a truly one-of-a-kind proposal that your girl will remember (and talk about) for years to come. 1. recreate a special moment that the two of you shared, down to the smallest moment. it can be your first... read more 8/10/2012  top wedding planning apps top wedding planning apps before you sign that contract with a wedding planner, consider this: if you have a smartphone, you already have one of the most powerful and convenient tools for planning your wedding, already there in your pocket – welcome the top wedding planning apps. of the hundreds of thousands of apps available now for every kind of smartphone, there are dozens, if not hundreds, dedicated to every aspect of the engagement period and wedding—from engagement ring shopping apps to photo-shar... read more 8/10/2012  6 disney princess inspired proposals 6 disney princess inspired proposals how’s this for a unique proposal idea—a proposal inspired by your girl’s favorite disney movie. as any girl knows, the disney movies you loved as a kid (and a few new ones) are still amazing and tear-worthy because they are the ultimate representation of true love, before growing up and romantic comedies ruined that princess-meets-prince perfection. and no, we may not want disney engagement rings with mickey mouse settings (although those do exist—just google &ldq... read more 8/10/2012  how to make sure your engagement ring is unique! how to make sure your engagement ring is unique! verragio diamond engagement rings the engagement ring is one of the most important and special purchases you will ever make, so before clicking purchase or handing over your credit card, take a moment to ask yourself if the engagement ring you are buying is really the one you will be happy and proud to wear for many, many years to come. unfortunately, too many of us fall into that trap of think... read more 8/1/2012  how to get the best deal on an engagement ring how to get the best deal on an engagement ring if you are thinking about finally springing for the engagement ring of your (or your girlfriend’s) dreams, the news this month from the rapaport group that diamond prices are down 13.7% versus this time last year may have inspired you to finally head over to your neighborhood jewelry store and buy that ring. you may have been disappointed to learn that while the statistic released by rapaport applies to the global diamond market in general, but that diamonds of engagement... read more 7/20/2012  earring backings guide: what are the best earrings backs to buy? earring backings guide: what are the best earrings backs to buy? i’ll never forget my first pair of diamond earrings. they weren’t those incredibly valuable oversized diamond studs you see on the red carpet, but they were made of real, small, diamonds and they were the perfect finishing touch for any outfit. i wore them with t-shirts and jeans at home, to work, and then, to my friend’s wedding. it was at the end of the wedding, after an evening of eating, drinking and dancing, that i put my hand to my ear... read more 7/19/2012  houston wedding guide advice houston wedding guide advice few places in the country are as ideal for having your wedding as houston. as the fourth-largest city in the country, houston has all the resources and amenities of new york, los angeles and chicago, but its location in the up-and-coming sun belt area of the country means that the prices and cost of living in houston is significantly lower than in the other top 5 cities. so while the average cost of a wedding in the united states today is about $25,000-27,000, here in houston, many couples find... read more 7/19/2012  personalized jewelry for men and women personalized jewelry for men and women diy culture is all around us. everywhere you look, there are people sewing their own clothes, making their own furniture, and even growing their own food. and when it comes to wedding planning, diy is the hottest trend out there—everything from the invitations to the party favors has gone do it yourself. but when it comes to one of the most important elements of your bridal look—the engagement ring, wedding band, and other bridal jewelry—doing it yourself is probably... read more jewelry - women’s kryptonite? jewelry - women’s kryptonite? women’s jewelry everyone knows that superman is the ultimate indestructible hero. he can “leap tall buildings in a single bound” and is “faster then a locomotive”. but even superman has one vital natural weakness; kryptonite, the radioactive remains of his native planet. this green rock has an unusual appeal and a strange effect on the “man of... read more 7/10/2012  houston wedding locations houston wedding locations one of the great things about getting married in houston is that you can almost always count on the weather being bright and sunny. the other great thing is that there is an incredible variety of options when it comes to choosing your houston wedding location. while many of houston’s most obvious wedding venues might be well-known, there are many great houston wedding location ideas that are slightly off the beaten track. choosing one of these will give your wedding that special twist of indi... read more 7/5/2012  top houston wedding venues top houston wedding venues congratulations! he popped the question (and hopefully presented you with the engagement ring of your dreams) and you said yes. now you’re engaged, and as soon as the hubbub of the congratulations and engagement festivities dies down, it’s time to start planning the party of your lifetime: the wedding. the very first step in wedding planning, besides basics like picking a date and setting a budget, is the search for the perfect wedding venue. if you live in houston, wedding venue searc... read more 7/5/2012  houston wedding tips and tricks houston wedding tips and tricks 1. texas wedding officiant are you in the process of planning your dream houston wedding? with wedding season in full gear, it is only natural that brides in houston have weddings on the brain. but whether you are getting married this summer, in fall 2012 or even next spring, you can take advantage of these houston wedding tips and tricks to help you make the most of your amazing city in the planning of your... read more 7/2/2012  sports jewelry sports jewelry sports. jewelry. the two words don't seem to go together very well--the image of a woman slam-dunking a basketball or hitting a home run just doesn't mesh well with the image of a woman draped in dazzling diamonds. but with the summer olympics just around the corner, we thought it would be a good time to take a look at how surprisingly well sports and jewelry can work together! one of the most famous examples of sports jewelry is the tennis bracelet. supposedly named for the fact that they were often... read more 6/26/2012  weddings in houston: tips and tricks weddings in houston: tips and tricks houston is the perfect place for a wedding. it is located conveniently in the middle of the country, with two major airports, so your friends and family from both coasts will have no problem flying in to be there with you on your special day. there of is a huge variety of wedding venues, so whether you are looking for a festive bbq wedding party, a chic cocktail party in an urban high rise, or a traditional wedding dinner in a sophisticated ballroom, there is a houston wedding venue fo... read more 6/26/2012  best venues in texas best venues in texas “everything’s better in texas,” goes the old saying, and that is especially true when it comes to weddings. with miles and miles of rolling ranches, beaches, urban wonderlands, and every other style of venue imaginable, and reliably gorgeous weather, there is no place like texas to tie the knot. whether you are looking for a hipster diy bbq feast in austin, a beachside ceremony in galveston, or a chic urban party in a houston ballroom, texas wedding venues have what you need. texas wed... read more 6/20/2012  top bridal boutiques in houston top bridal boutiques in houston the best part about getting married in houston is probably houston wedding planning. as befits a city of its size and importance, houston bridal shops are among the best in the country—combining the big-city fashion and style sense with a distinctly texan friendliness and unpretentiousness. whether you are looking for the princess dress of your childhood dreams, or a simple country-chic ensemble for your farmhouse wedding, houston’s bridal stores will outfit you to perfection. &n... read more 6/19/2012  top places in houston for engagement pictures top places in houston for engagement pictures the engagement photo shoot is a beautiful new ritual that has risen to popularity in recent years. newly engaged couples, instead of waiting for the wedding day for an organized, professional photo shoot, are booking photographers in the weeks after the initial engagement announcement for a fun, romantic photo shoot that features the couple and a beautiful engagement ring! one great thing about these photo shoots is that since they take place at the couple’s leisure, with... read more 5/31/2012  how to buy a diamond on a budget? how to buy a diamond on a budget? diamond. budget. the two words don’t even seem to fit together—the most extravagant object on earth, the symbol of opulence and luxury, together with an attempt to limit spending. but if you are trying to get engaged without blowing through your life savings and racking up credit card debt, you may find yourself in the seemingly impossible position of trying to buy a diamond on a budget. with a little information and a few tricks up your sleeve, you can buy a diamond on a budget... read more 5/31/2012  how to buy an engagement ring on a budget? how to buy an engagement ring on a budget? we’ve all seen it hundreds of times—the couple enjoys a lavish and romantic dinner, complete with champagne and soufflé, and then the guy gets down on one knee, pulling a small velvet box out of the back pocket of his designer suit. popping it open to reveal an extravagant, sparkling diamond ring, he asks the question, prompting the girl to open her mouth in shock, while the crowd in the restaurant to burst into applause. the music swells, and the couple kisses w... read more 5/16/2012  top 10 tips on how to choose a jewelry store top 10 tips on how to choose a jewelry store elena diamond wedding set there are thousands of jewelry retailers all competing for your business. this is incredibly liberating but can be quite daunting too. which one do you choose? what do you base your decision on? how do you know that choosing jewelry store “x” is the best option for you? it’s an important decision that is well worth doing a little research. so to... read more 5/11/2012  top diy engagement photo shoot ideas top diy engagement photo shoot ideas having an engagement photo shoot—a fun, creative couples photo shoot around the time of your engagement, is a fun new idea that many couples are trying. why? there are tons of benefits to getting a professional, or even a diy, engagement photo shoot. first, it’s an opportunity to try out some of the fun settings and poses you wouldn’t use at a more serious wedding shoot. second, it will give you some special memories of this very unique time in your life, and third, it... read more 5/7/2012  verragio – a name guys need to know! verragio – a name guys need to know! good news guys- when it comes to engagement rings a lady’s dreams and wishes were a lot harder to fathom in generations past. but today women are more involved in the selection of wedding rings than ever before in history. the advantage – less guesswork, less ground work, and less risk for you! verragio engagement rings and wedding ring... read more 5/3/2012  local jeweler or online jeweler? local jeweler or online jeweler? with the explosive growth of e-commerce in the last 10 years, there is not much that you can’t buy online today. but certain products seem to lend themselves to purchasing online, while others are more debatable. diamonds and jewelry are items that most people would be naturally hesitant to purchase online, but a deeper look reveals a different picture. the local jeweler is being challenged like never before by online merchants. ... read more 5/2/2012  make your own wedding party favors make your own wedding party favors the hottest trend in weddings these days is diy—do it yourself. but if you are new to the whole diy scene, and have never even heard of etsy, it can be intimidating to launch your very first diy project for your wedding. unless you have a serious background in crafting, sewing etc., experts do not recommend that you take on major diy wedding projects like making your own wedding gown or bouquet. but anyone—literally anyone—can bring the personalized diy touch to their wed... read more 4/28/2012  how to make your own wedding flowers how to make your own wedding flowers diy wedding flowers diy weddings are all the rage these days, with brides making everything from the invitations to the party favors themselves. but when it comes to flowers, most couples are still afraid to go it alone, choosing to spend thousands of dollars on professional flowers for the centerpieces, bouquet and boutonnieres. while professional flowers are usually reliably beautiful and certa... read more 3/27/2012  clarity enhanced diamonds – does it decrease brilliance? clarity enhanced diamonds – does it decrease brilliance? glamour round diamond photo when shopping for a diamond, different characteristics are important to different people. most tend to focus on the “4 c’s”; cut, carat, color and clarity. of these aspects, color and clarity are the most difficult to grade, which is why in 1953 the gemological institute of america developed a grading system for color and clarit... read more 3/27/2012  getting an art deco engagement ring getting an art deco engagement ring fancy colored diamond engagement ring retro is in, and the art deco style diamond engagement ring conjures up images of days gone by. this style originated in the 1920’s and 30’s, during the age of flappers, the machine age and “all that jazz”. it is characterized by its geometric shape and symmetry. art deco jewelry consists of arcs, circles, triangles and squares rectangles and a... read more 3/27/2012  infinity diamond engagement ring infinity diamond engagement ring yellow gold diamond engagement ring and diamond wedding ring the concept of infinity has been pondered by artists, scientists, philosophers and romantics alike. whether defined as unbounded, unlimited, exceedingly great or immeasurable – there seems to be a moment we all share when we think of the concept of the infinite where we pause and are blown away by the thought. so many cultures and peoples hav... read more 3/27/2012  average size of engagement ring center stone average size of engagement ring center stone does size matter? ahem, carat size, that is! when shopping for a diamond engagement ring, gentlemen, and ladies, please do not be overly concerned with center stone size, as it is not necessarily the most important factor. if you are trying to determine the average diamond size in engagement rings purchased, you will find a lot of conflicting answers. many number ranges and speculations are thrown about, but the truth is that it is nearly impossible to determine the average diamo... read more 3/15/2012  is it possible to save money on diamonds? is it possible to save money on diamonds? these days, it seems like no one buys anything for full price anymore. between flash sales on sites like gilt, and group discounts through clubs like groupon and livingsocial, you can get everything from a day at the spa to a gourmet dinner to a pair of designer boots at a dramatic discount. so if you are in the process of buying a diamond, you may be wondering if it is possible to get a steep discount on a diamond too. the short answer is yes, but not necessarily... read more 3/12/2012  diamond reset process diamond reset process whether updating to a trendy style or enhancing a solitaire into a three stone ring, deciding to have your diamond reset into a something new is a great way to increase your investment and hold on to a sentimental diamond while spicing things up. many people fear having diamonds reset, worrying they will chip or damage during the process. while understandable, it’s always good to keep in mind that diamonds are one the strongest substances on the planet – and that a good jeweler will always... read more real diamonds: how to check if a diamond is real? real diamonds: how to check if a diamond is real? a real diamond is rare and valuable. it is typically white and sparkly. because people love them and pay big money to own them, there has been a major effort through the years to develop affordable diamond imitations. some of the newer ones are so convincing that many frauds have been perpetrated with them. so how do you tell real diamonds from the imposters? the first thing to understand is that before you spend good money for a “diamond” you sh... read more how to tell real diamonds or fake diamonds how to tell the difference: real diamonds or fake diamonds diamonds are a girl’s best friend, but just like best friends in real life, it’s important to know when they are fake. just like you would want to know if your real-life bff was talking about you behind your back, you definitely want to know if that stunning diamond necklace you are coveting is really just a glass imposter. so how do you tell real diamonds from simulated diamonds? before you whip out that credit card to purchase yourself a new da... read more 2/14/2012  diamond loose or mounted – pros and cons - what’s better diamond loose or mounted – pros and cons - what’s better q: i am getting ready to propose to my longtime girlfriend. i really want to be able to pop the question the traditional way—with a ring in a box—but i know she would really want to be able to choose her own ring; she has very unique taste. on the other hand, i know how much she loves the traditional surprise proposal. what can i do to give her that traditional romantic proposal—champagne, getting down on one knee, all that—while st... read more 2/13/2012  how to sell a diamond how to sell a diamond whiteflash is quite well known for our lifetime trade-up benefit and buyback guarantees. we buy back the diamonds we have sold under those benefit policies on a regular basis. but we do not buy diamonds or jewelry from the public at large. so the question is, where to sell jewelry that you did not buy from us, or is not covered under one of our benefits? there are a number of avenues available for individuals selling gold, diamonds, fi... read more 2/6/2012  top 10 valentine’s day gift ideas top 10 valentine’s day gift ideas this year, show the special woman in your life that it is not just another february 14th by pulling out all the stops come valentine’s day. that means breakfast in bed, roses delivered to the office, romantic dinner in, and the kind of present that usually comes in a small velvet box. diamonds are a girl’s best valentine’s day gift, and there is simply no better way to say, “i love you”. here are the top ten valentine&rs... read more 2/6/2012  last minute valentine’s day gift ideas last minute valentine’s day gift ideas with valentine’s day right around the corner, men across the country are scratching their heads and searching the web, trying to find that one perfect valentine’s day gift for the special woman in their lives. but if you are trying to impress your girlfriend, wife, or fiancée with an extra-special gift this valentine’s, there’ no need to worry or stress. a pair of diamond earrings is the one sure-fire valentine’s day present&md... read more 1/25/2012  jewelry box – important part of the present? jewelry box – important part of the present? in a scene straight out of every romantic comedy and drama, a man kneels on the ground in front of a woman. he reaches behind his back and pulls out a small velvet box. with a crowd of onlookers holding their breaths in expectation, he cracks open the hinge of the jewelry box to reveal a sparkling diamond engagement ring. “will you marry me?” he says, but the question is practically unnecessary, the opening of that iconic velvet box and the drama... read more 1/25/2012  most common questions when it comes to jewelry shopping most common questions when it comes to jewelry shopping when buying jewelry, like other major purchases, it is a good idea to acquaint yourself with the industry and key terms before handing over your credit card to make the purchase. just like you wouldn’t buy a car without reading up on various makes and models, and learning about key concepts like fuel efficiency and horsepower, you shouldn’t buy fine diamond jewelry without understanding essential terms like the four c’s, karat levels, settin... read more 1/20/2012  online jewelers ratings online jewelers ratings it’s become second nature to most of us to turn to the internet when shopping for inexpensive daily purchases like clothing, shoes, housewares and even groceries. but when shopping for a big, important purchase like an engagement ring or wedding band, many people are still hesitant about giving up the in-store experience for a point-and-click online store. how will you know what the jewelry will look like in person? how can you trust a website without ever having talked to any... read more 1/12/2012  what are high end jewelers and jewelry stores ? what are high end jewelers and jewelry stores ? we all want to know that when we spend money on a major purchase, we are getting a good value on a good quality product. but when it comes to buying jewelry, those terms can be more than a little bit murky. how do you know what is a good value and what is an overpriced subpar product? how do you determine quality in a field without strong brand names, where you must rely on expert testimony when purchasing? to solve this dilemma, many of us turn instinctively to &ldqu... read more 1/4/2012  what to look for when choosing a jewelry store what to look for when choosing a jewelry store when shopping for a new piece of jewelry, whether you are looking for a diamond necklace for yourself or a diamond engagement ring for a significant other, there are many choices available to you in terms of choosing a jewelry store. you can buy diamond jewelry from a department store, a website, a national chain jewelry store, a designer boutique, or an independent local jewelry shop. but since there are not as many recognizable jewelry brands as there are brand names for it... read more 1/4/2012  unique dessert ideas for your wedding unique dessert ideas for your wedding the dessert portion of your wedding reception is, quite literally, the icing on the cake. it is the last experience your guests will have before they leave the wedding, and it is your last chance to, literally, leave a sweet taste in their months. for years, wedding desserts consisted of boring yellow cake cut from a towering cake and served in huge slices, with maybe a little ice cream on the side. but now, couples are breaking free of the wedding cake monotony and serving desserts w... read more 1/3/2012  engagement photo ideas: best of the season engagement photo ideas: best of the season in recent years, engagement photo shoots have become a popular alternative to the traditional wedding-day photo shoot, with couples setting up fun and romantic photo shoots as a way of celebrating their engagement and announce the happy news. without the pressure of the wedding day, couples find that engagement photo shoots have more room for creativity and fun, making them a perfect way to celebrate the unique personalities and interests of the couple. if you are planning on tak... read more 1/3/2012  best boutonniere designs and ideas best boutonniere designs and ideas whether you are a classic, traditional groom wearing a formal tuxedo, or a fun, laid-back groom wearing a more offbeat outfit, one of the most important parts of your groom look is the boutonniere. for those unfamiliar with this traditional piece of men’s formalwear, the boutonniere is a small sprig of flowers or greenery affixed to a man’s lapel. it’s a small touch that can make a big difference in your look, so no matter what kind of groom you are, you want to look in... read more 1/3/2012  wedding reception photobooth – fun ideas that last a lifetime wedding reception photobooth – fun ideas that last a lifetime looking for an easy, inexpensive way to add a note of fun and whimsy to your wedding reception? whether you are hosting a formal dinner in a ballroom or a casual backyard affair, a rented or d.i.y. photo booth makes a fun addition to any wedding. a photo booth is a small enclosed booth that is outfitted with an automatic camera and printer. wedding guests can duck into the booth and take photos of themselves, usually in film-style strips of three or four ph... read more 12/27/2011  year in review: top 5 engagement ring trends of 2011 year in review: top 5 engagement ring trends of 2011 2011 is drawing to a close, and for all of those who got engaged this year, or for anyone planning to get engaged in 2012, it’s time to take stock of one of those all-important end-of-year issues—which engagement ring trends emerged this year? which celebrity engagement rings sparked a style obsession that’s going to be around for a while? and which fleeting fads are going to disappear in the coming year. show all engagement rings ... read more 12/21/2011  the rules of the holiday engagement the rules of the holiday engagement the holidays are the perfect time to get engaged. the cold weather means its the perfect time for all kinds of cozy, romantic activities, the lit-up houses and snowy nights make the perfect backdrop to your big moment, and all those family get-togethers are the ideal time to make the big announcement to family and friends. in fact, sales of engagement rings spike over the holidays, as the sentimental mood and celebratory feelings inspire many couples to make that ultimate commitment dur... read more 12/19/2011  top 7 jewelry trends for holiday season top 7 jewelry trends for holiday season holiday season is already here, and that means instead of hunkering down with a snuggie and a mug of tea, you are putting on your highest heels and your go-to little black dress for all kinds of holiday season social events. from the office party, to a gift-wrapping party with your best friends, to dinner with the in-laws, to a new year’s eve out on the town, the holiday season can be a fashion pressure cooker. but have no fear—experts recommend that you rely on... read more 12/14/2011  diamond reviews: are they worth trust? diamond reviews: are they worth trust? clicks or bricks? that is the question diamond buyers have started asking themselves. for many years, despite the success of internet retail in general, customers were wary of buying diamonds online without seeing and touching them first. but more recently, savvy diamond shoppers have realized that online retailers can often offer better deals and a wider selection than comparable bricks-and-mortars shops. because internet-based sellers do not have the costs of operating a physical st... read more 12/9/2011  best proposal ideas: engagement ring is all you need best proposal ideas: engagement ring is all you need in our modern era of viral video hits and reality tv moments, it’s no wonder that the proposal has been supersized. instead of a simple and heartfelt declaration of love, modern grooms-to-be are devising intricate surprises designed for maximum “wow factor” and youtube hits. but the truth is that the best proposals don’t happen in a helicopter hovering over the grand canyon or at halftime at the super bowl. a proposal is the moment that you go fr... read more 10/19/2011  little tricks to know her ring size little tricks to know her ring size more than half of all men intending to get engaged plan on buying the engagement ring secretly and then surprising their significant other with a dramatic proposal. if you have a good sense of your girlfriend’s style, you can make a lasting impression of romance and dedication by choosing an incredible diamond engagement ring all by yourself and presenting it to your soon-to-be fiancé with a creative surprise proposal.  whether you design a custom en... read more 9/23/2011  what you need to know about loose diamonds what you need to know about loose diamonds whether you are buying your first diamond or your fifth, whether you are planning to treasure the stone in its loose form or have it set into custom jewelry, and whether you are buying for yourself or as a gift, you can always learn more about loose diamonds. for such small pieces of rock, diamonds seem to generate endless discussion and analysis. just visiting a diamond talk forum can show you enough to make your head spin. luckily, you can buy a fabulous loose diamond even if... read more 9/23/2011  10 tips for buying designer dresses online 10 tips for buying designer dresses online these days, you can buy everything online, from furniture to diamond jewelry. so shouldn’t you be able to buy designer dresses online as well? instead of heading for the local mall and hoping to find the perfect dress in your size, or scouring the overcrowded racks at a sample sale, online shopping is fun and easy—and can be done from the comfort of your own home. these ten tips will help you find the designer dresses you love safely and securely, and al... read more 5/23/2011  a diamond is...for now? a diamond is...for now? when the debeers diamond company first coined the phrase “a diamond is forever” in 1947, they didn’t know that it would soon become the most widely recognized advertising slogan of the twentieth century. neither did they know that in the twenty-first century, savvy consumers would start questioning the slogan’s confidence that a diamond ring could and should last forever. in fact, although over 85% of engaged and married women now wear engagement rings, most o... read more 5/18/2011  make it personal: engagement ring and wedding band personalization the moment of your proposal is a moment you will treasure for the rest of your life. you want every minute to be unique, memorable, and completely personal. the same applies for the engagement ring itself—you want the ring to represent your relationship, in all it’s individual, unique glory. the funny thing you say to him every morning, the junk food you love to eat together during late-night lost marathons, the memory of that one time you got lost in a foreign city...these are the things that make your r... read more 5/15/2011  getting married this year - wedding trends for 2011 2011 is set to be a great year for weddings—with the economy recovering and a royal wedding serving as the most dreamy bridal inspiration imaginable, getting married in 2011 is sweet indeed. here are the top 11 wedding trends for 2011, to help you plan everything from your hairstyle to the wedding menu in high-end style. 1. mad men is so last year; the current most fashionable show on cable is boardwalk empire, a sexy saga of prohibition-era excess. take your cues from the fabulous fashions o... read more 5/13/2011  how to choose diamond engagement rings the diamond engagement ring is one of the most financially and sentimentally important objects you will ever own. it is a hugely important decision, so it is completely understandable that many would-be grooms become overwhelmed when they first set out to purchase the all-important diamond engagement ring. but armed with a little time, a lot of patience, and a good amount of information, anyone can choose the perfect diamond engagement ring, whether it is for yourself or someone else. here are just a few of the major... read more 4/29/2011  shopping for mother’s day jewelry in houston mother’s day is around the corner, and that means it’s time to order a gorgeous piece of diamond jewelry that will show your mother, wife, or grandmother what she means to you. if you live in houston, you have many jewelry buying options that will ensure that you can find the perfect diamond jewelry gift for everyone on your mother’s day list. there are many diamond jewelry stores in houston, and just as many options when it comes to choosing the perfect mother’s day gift. but to find that one gift t... read more 4/22/2011  top 5 diamond buying scams top 5 diamond buying scams many people are afraid of buying diamonds. after all, no matter how much you learn and research, if you aren’t a certified gemologist, it can be difficult to know exactly what you are buying and whether you are really getting a good deal. and as with anything as small and valuable as a diamond, there is always the fear of being ripped off or scammed by an unscrupulous jeweler. most jewelers are honest businesspeople who are genuinely trying to help you get a great diamond and a beautiful rin... read more 4/21/2011  buying engagement rings in texas buying engagement rings in texas they say that everything is bigger and better in texas, and when it comes to buying engagement rings, that is certainly the case. whether you are looking for something eco-friendly and funky in austin, a custom-designed diamond ring in houston, or a classic simple tiffany ring in dallas, texas has more engagement ring and diamond jewelry shopping options than you can imagine. houston more and more people are opting to buy their engagement rings online, which can be a gr... read more 4/19/2011  owning an engagement ring in houston – the complete manual owning an engagement ring in houston – the complete manual there are many houston jewelry stores where you can buy engagement rings, whether you are looking for a custom-designed three-stone ring with loose diamonds from whiteflash, a classic diamond soitaire ring, or a vintage heirloom gemstone and diamond ring from paul carter jewelers. no matter what you choose, houston offers the widest variety of diamonds and engagement rings—so talk to friends, read online reviews, and find the houston diamond jewelr... read more 4/15/2011  13 things your jeweler isn’t telling you—and 13 solutions for every rookie mistake 13 things your jeweler isn’t telling you—and 13 solutions for every rookie mistake reader’s digest’s monthly feature exposes the secrets behind every service industry, from doctors to baristas, allowing you to make better, more informed choices no matter what service you are receiving or product you are buying. this month, reader’s digest turns its attention to jewelers, revealing the 13 most common mistakes that ill-informed consumers can make. but of course, not every jeweler would let you fa... read more 4/13/2011  guide to your houston wedding myhoustonwedding.com’s guide to your houston wedding myhoustonwedding.com, as its name implies, is a great resource for information about every aspect of having your wedding in houston, from the best florist to the best hotel for out-of-town guests. plus, the friendly people over at myhoustonwedding are always available to help you find the perfect vendor or service to make your houston wedding a dream. of all the myriads of details that go into a perfect wedding, perhaps the ones that brides are most concern... read more 4/4/2011  how to buy diamonds in houston how to buy diamonds in houston many of the world’s diamond market centers are well-known—new york, antwerp and tel aviv are all known for their thriving loose diamond markets and engagement ring design houses. if you live or travel near any of these centers, they can be a great place to buy diamonds of high quality for reasonable prices. but if you live in the midwest, far from manhattan’s diamond district and even farther from the diamond cutting center of antwerp, there is no reason to resign yourself to... read more 4/2/2011  proposing in houston: from engagement ring to champagne proposing in houston: from engagement ring to champagne whether you live in houston or are just here visiting, you may have noticed that houston has a special energy all its own. laid-back without being sleepy, exciting without being frenetic, with a small-town atmosphere and big-city amenities, houston is the kind of place you don’t always appreciate until you see it for yourself. after hurricane katrina, houston became known as the big heart for the way its citizens opened their homes and communities to refugees fro... read more 4/2/2011  frequently asked questions about buying diamond jewelry in houston buying diamond jewelry in houston in a big city like houston, there are many options for every kind of shopping experience you might be looking for. being houston, texas, everything is bigger and bolder than you might find anywhere else in the country. whether you are looking for a new couch,  a designer handbag, or an engagement ring, you can find it in houston. for home goods on the cheap, there is one of the country’s largest target stores. for designer clothes and shoes, the galleria is one of the c... read more 3/31/2011  wedding jewelry shopping in houston wedding jewelry shopping in houston whether you are already engaged and are planning your wedding, or are thinking about taking that next big step with your significant other, you are about to find out that there is a lot of jewelry buying that comes with engagements and weddings. first, you will need to buy an engagement ring—whether the guy picks that out himself or you do it together is up to you. then, you will need wedding bands that match the engagement ring and coordinate with each other. finally, you will need... read more 3/30/2011  the wedding wire guide to the perfect houston wedding the wedding wire guide to the perfect houston wedding planning a wedding can be stressful and confusing. between the caterer and the band, the dress and the veil, and of course managing all the relatives, friends and the wedding party, it can be enough to make any couple want to elope with nothing but a wedding band. luckily, the internet is full of resources designed to make your job as a bride just a little bit easier. whether you live in houston or hawaii, nearly anything from engagement rings to wedding cakes can be pur... read more 3/24/2011  wedding fashion: the celebrity inspiration guide wedding fashion: the celebrity inspiration guide celebrity marriages may not always last long, but the designer dresses and picture-perfect hairstyles leave a lasting impression. celebrity bridal dresses range from slim and trendy to classic and princess-like, so no matter what your personal taste, there is a celebrity wedding ensemble that will be the perfect inspiration for your own wedding day look. victoria and david beckham may have tied the knot over twelve years ago, but they are still going strong, and vict... read more 3/21/2011  loose diamond secrets loose diamond secrets shopping for diamonds—whether you want to buy a perfect loose diamond or a stunning engagement ring—can be scary or intimidating. there are so many factors to keep in mind, so many different kinds of diamonds out there, and when was the last time you spent a month’s salary on such a tiny little piece of rock? but with a few of these pro-level tips under your belt, you will be shopping for loose diamonds like a seasoned professional in no time. choosing the right jew... read more 3/17/2011  7 tips for foolproof loose diamond buying 7 tips for foolproof loose diamond buying diamonds mean different things to different people. besides being the proverbial girl’s best friend, diamond is the hardest known natural substance and the ultimate symbol of strength, durability and love, and one of mankind’s most treasured natural resources. to own a diamond is to hold all of that value in the palm of your hand. you can buy a diamond in many forms—from the classic engagement rings to diamond encrusted watches—but the simplest and m... read more 3/17/2011  wedding fashion trends 2011 wedding fashion trends 2011 the much-anticipated royal wedding is only weeks away, and millions of brides worldwide are putting the finishing touches on their spring weddings. the most important part of the wedding is, of course, the dress and all the little special accessories that make the bride look like a princess on her special day. although wedding fashion tends to be pretty timeless and classic, there are a few bridal fashion trends that can take your ensemble from pretty to perfect, and elevate your whole look. wedd... read more 3/14/2011  wedding shopping in houston: from engagement ring to wedding cake wedding shopping in houston if you are planning a wedding in houston, you have probably already noticed that there are hundreds of options for every aspect of your big day, from hairstyles to dancing shoes. so before you buy an engagement ring or commit to a caterer, use the power of the internet and the wisdom of crowds to help you weed out the so-so florists and the jewelry stores that offer sub-par service. websites like yelp.com and ivouch.com aggregate real-life customer reviews and ratings to help you find the perfect... read more 2/16/2011  5 ways to get the diamond engagement ring of a lifetime without spending your life savings how to get the diamond engagement ring without spending your life savings the diamond engagement ring has been, for over a century, the defining symbol of a couple’s relationship. a glance at a woman’s ring finger told you everything you needed to know about the couple’s relationship status and financial situation. in the days before facebook, the diamond engagement ring was the ultimate status update. but along with the financial crisis of 2008 came a troubling new trend. as young couples struggled to fi... read more 2/15/2011  how to get the diamond engagement ring of your dreams - top five ways top five ways to get the diamond engagement ring of your dreams “we’d love to get engaged and married, but we just can’t afford the ring we want right now.” we in the diamond industry hear this kind of sentiment all the time, and we have just one response to it: true love should wait for nothing, especially not a number in the bank. contrary to tv commercials and popular belief, you can have a gorgeous, dazzling diamond engagement ring that will attract every eye in the room, without going into... read more 2/9/2011  the socially-conscious valentine’s day gift guides valentine’s day gift guides to people with a strong social conscience, the entire holiday of valentine’s day can induce a fair amount of guilt. it seems unfair that we, living our comfortable lives, have created a holiday for the express purpose of taking a dreary february day and making it all about celebrating the love in our lives and exchanging valentine’s day gifts. after the excesses of december and the resolutions of january, february seems a bit soon to begin indulging in carefree spending and cons... read more 2/8/2011  a rainbow of valentine’s day gifts a rainbow of valentine’s day gifts with only two weeks on the clock left until valentine’s day, it’s time to finalize your plans, make those dinner reservations, and finally settle on the good valentine’s day gifts. this year, like every year, the two most popular gifts for women for valentine’s day are flowers, especially roses, and jewelry. but did you know that every color of rose has its own unique symbolism, that you can use to give your sweetheart a personalized message this valentine&rsq... read more 2/3/2011  last minute gifts for valentine’s day last minute gifts for valentine’s day it’s already february, and valentine’s day is right around the corner. if you haven’t already taken care of your valentine’s day gifts, you might think it’d too late and just settle for a lame old box of drugstore chocolates and roses from the gas station. but the whole point of valentine’s day gifts is to show her how much you appreciate her, so the effort is really what counts. even if it’s the night before valentine’s, a little ef... read more 2/1/2011  being single on valentine’s day — a survival guide being single on valentine’s day—a survival guide valentine's day sometimes seems like it's all about couples – couples' events, romantic dinners, and even two-for-one specials at the spa. so what's a single girl to do? without a husband or boyfriend to surprise you with breakfast in bed and a fantastic valentine's day gift, you might think your valentine's day has to be a romantic-comedy marathon and chinese food on the couch. but valentine's day gifts and valentine's day do not just have to be about celeb... read more 1/25/2011  valentine’s day jewelry sales and ideas at whiteflash. valentine’s day gift ideas. valentine's day gifts valentine’s day jewelry sales & ideas at whiteflash it’s no coincidence that the golden globes are held in january every year—the glitzy awards ceremony ushers in the beginning of awards season, as well as setting the fashion trends for the year to come. being that valentine’s day is right around the corner, the golden globes provide a perfect source of valentine’s day gift ideas inspiration. out of all the hollywood princesses holding court on the red carpet, a few trends emerged as the d... read more 1/20/2011  valentine's day jewelry gifts for every stage of the relationship | romantic valentine's day jewelry | valentine's day presents| valentine’s day jewelry gift for every stage of the relationship no matter what stage of the relationship you are up to, valentine’s day is tricky. if you’ve just started dating, it might seem awkward to whip out a huge valentine’s day gift; if you’re just engaged, it’s hard to find the right valentine’s day present; and if you’re married, it’s a little too easy to get stuck in a valentine’s jewelry gift rut. here is a simple guide to help you pick the right valent... read more 1/19/2011  valentine's day gift ideas for women - jewelry gifts. valentine's day gift ideas valentine's day gift ideas for women we all know february 14 is around the corner, and that means its time to start planning those valentine’s day gift ideas. besides for figuring out what valentine’s day presents to get for your boyfriend or husband, there is the bigger question: how to make sure you get a really good valentine’s day gift for yourself, that one jewelry gift you really want. you know you want these stunning a cut above® flower diamond stud earrings. the truth is, m... read more 1/18/2011  unique valentine gift ideas. good valentines day gifts. unique valentines day gifts unique valentine gift ideas valentine’s day gifts are the true test of a boyfriend or girlfriend’s creativity. whether you are buying a valentine’s day gift for a guy or a girl, you have to come up with a unique valentine’s day that manages to be special, romantic, one-of-a-kind—and yet exactly what your sweetheart wanted. hands down, the best way to say, “will you be my valentine?” is with a spectacular jewelry gift. ladies, you can get a jewelry gift for your boyfriend for valen... read more 1/14/2011  the perfect romantic gift for valentines day! valentines day presents. valentine's day gifts the perfect romantic gift for valentines day! valentines day presents. valentine's day gifts valentine's day engagement ring ahh...the perfect valentine’s day gift — that one simple, romantic and heartfelt gesture of love that will endure as a testament to your entire relationship. if only you could hire someone else to pick out that perfect valentine’s day gift, or trust google to do the sear... read more 1/10/2011  valentine’s day: what not to buy your wife valentine’s day: what not to buy your wife when you were dating, valentine’s day was a huge deal. it was your one chance to show your special girl how you felt about her—the one day a year when you let all your manly stoicism slide and you pulled out all the stops for romance. candles, wine, roses, maybe even diamonds—nothing was too over-the-top for that one day in february. the valentine’s day gift was that . but, like many people, when you got married, the fact that you could pull out the gr... read more 12/28/2010  the top ten new year’s gifts the top ten new year’s gifts new year’s, as anyone who’s ever headed out in the dead of winter in a spangled minidress can tell you, is all about sparkle. like the bubbles in our champagne glasses and the sequins on our clothes, new year’s gifts should not skimp on the sparkly. the best jewelry gifts are the ones that the receiver will keep wearing long after all those other new year’s gifts—diet resolutions and hangovers—are long gone. why give new year’s gifts at al... read more 11/24/2010  determining the value of your diamonds determining the value of your diamonds many of us have an old piece of diamond jewelry—whether it is family heirloom or a gift that we never liked—lurking in the back of a jewelry box. what you may not realize is that diamond rings and other pieces of diamond jewelry can be quite valuable and easy to sell. not every sparkly old stone is a jackpot, though, so before you take your loot to an appraiser, it’s a good idea to get some sense of how much the stone and setting are worth. &nbsp... read more 11/18/2010  five easy ways for bringing social media to your engagement plans or wedding day five easy ways for bringing social media to your engagement plans or wedding day twitter, blogs and forums, youtube, facebook, flickr can create a simple way of broadcasting your engagement and wedding day plans to the world. make sure you use these social media venues as great resources to ask questions about proposing, shopping and wedding day ideas. try out the numerous resources available to you as a new bride or groom from wedding planning inquiries to groom speeches or great toasts during a dinner party. with social... read more 11/11/2010  personalized weddings call for custom wedding rings personalized weddings call for custom wedding rings a recent article in the new york times cast a new light on a trend that has been growing steadily in all areas of the wedding business. the article, titled “for millenials, it’s more about personal style than luxury,” is just one more sign that the new generation of brides and grooms—the so-called millenials, people in their twenties—are all about putting their own personalized stamp on their lives. weddings have become more unique and creat... read more 11/10/2010  your eternity diamond wedding band: choosing a setting choosing a setting for your eternity diamond wedding band the simple gold wedding bands that our parents and grandparents used to exchange their vows are largely a thing of the past—21st century brides want wedding bands as unique and special as their relationships. diamond wedding bands, with their huge possibilities for variation and customization, are the modern way to celebrate the beginning of a marriage. after all, as the old saying goes, “diamonds are forever.” if you are choosing a diamond wedding... read more 10/17/2010  smile and say bling! taking engagement ring photos smile and say bling! how to take great photos of your engagement ring now that you’ve gotten your ring and have started wearing it everywhere, the compliments have started pouring in, and you just want the whole world to see the stunning solitaire engagement ring that your special someone picked out for you. these days, with facebook and flickr and all the other photo-sharing technologies, you can literally share pictures of your new ring with anyone, from your old college roommate to great-aunt mabel. jewelry photog... read more 10/13/2010  diamond wedding bands - by bling factor diamond wedding bands – by bling factor since they’ve been spotted on the ring fingers of hollywood glamour goddesses like jennifer lopez and mariah carey, diamond wedding bands have become a de rigeur part of the wedding jewelry ensemble for thousands of fashionable brides. but not everyone wants the full “bling factor” of a wedding band that is fully encrusted in diamonds. fortunately, diamond wedding bands are available in every variation from subtle sparkle to... read more 10/7/2010  rules of engagement (rings): how to pick the perfect ring the rules of engagement (rings): sure-fire ways to pick the perfect ring for someone whose definition of the phrase “must-have item” has so far extended only to flat-screen tv’s and sports cars, the prospect of choosing an engagement ring can be daunting. here you are, a guy who has hardly even noticed a piece of jewelry in your life, and you are supposed to drop a significant portion of your paycheck on a sparkly stone that will sit on your fiancée’s finger and tell everyone how much... read more 10/5/2010  making it personal: personalizing your solitaire setting personalizing your solitaire setting difficult decision everyone wants the engagement ring of their dreams, and everyone deserves a ring that lives up to their wildest expectations. browsing through hundreds of gorgeous images of engagement rings with solitaire settings on a website, you will usually find the ring that steals your heart. but sometimes, nothing you see is quite perfect. “what if this ring was yellow gold instead of white... read more 9/21/2010  the care and keeping of diamond jewelry keeping your rings, necklaces and earrings clean and shiny no matter how beautiful your ring or necklace was on the day you opened the box, continual wear will allow sediment to build up in the tiny cracks of the setting and dust to settle on the stone, dimming its brilliance. although some diamond jewelry, especially those made of white gold, will need occasional professional maintenance, regular everyday cleaning of diamond jewelry is simple enough to do at home. here are some simple tips tha... read more 9/20/2010  five anniversary jewelry ideas by bling factor five anniversary jewelry ideas by bling factor some women love jewelry, piling on bracelets and wearing earrings that graze their shoulders for a simple trip to the grocery store. but other women have more a simple style, opting for no more than a wedding ring and a modest necklace for even the most elegant occasion. let’s call this her “bling factor”—the amount of glamour and sparkle she feels comfortable with wearing. there’s no right answer—stunning anniversary pieces are available at... read more 9/17/2010  the five coolest new trends in men’s jewelry the five coolest new trends in men’s jewelry men’s jewelry seems simple enough—a wedding band, some nice cufflinks, and maybe a watch. like the tuxedo and chivalrous manners, nothing has changed in a hundred years. but men’s jewelry is a rapidly growing market, with new designers and innovations coming out every year. here are five trends in men’s jewelry that have emerged recently and are here to stay: show all men's jewelry edw... read more 9/15/2010  solitaire diamond pendant: seven steps to picking the perfect one seven steps to picking the perfect solitaire diamond pendant a solitaire diamond pendant is a classy and simple addition to any outfit. consisting of a single diamond suspended on a simple chain, the solitaire pendant is an easy choice for a gift and a great purchase that will never go out of style. despite its simplicity, there are many options for the solitaire diamond pendant, much as there are for the solitaire ring, so it is important to research your diamond thoroughly and select your diamond carefully. 1. me... read more 9/9/2010  guide to diamond settings: the tension setting guide to diamond settings: the tension setting among diamond settings, the tension setting is set apart as one of the most unusual and bold diamond styles to hit the market in years. for someone looking for a unique and modern fashion statement in their diamond setting, the tension setting, and similar tension-style setting is a great option. in a true tension setting, the pressure of the metal band is used to hold the diamond in place, rather than the prongs or bars of a typical diamond setting. the diamond is set... read more custom rings design: a step-by-step guide custom rings design: a step-by-step guide a custom rings are literally one of the most one-of-a-kind gifts you can possibly get for someone, and makes a unique and unforgettable proposal. designing your own ring sounds intimidating, but the team at whiteflash have years of experience with helping customers create custom jewelry pieces they will treasure for years to come. in fact, kiplinger’s magazine called whiteflash “the lord of the online rings” when it comes to the custom... read more 9/6/2010  how to buy diamond stud earrings how to buy diamond stud earrings reality tv princess kim kardashian showed up at 2010 emmy awards with a pair of studs—stud earrings, that is. simple diamond stud earrings are reclaiming their place as the most essential pair of earrings in a woman’s arsenal, perhaps because of the increasingly trendy giant necklaces and embellished dresses. diamond stud earrings are the perfect way to complete an outfit without pushing it over the top, although kim kardashian’s giant stud earrings were anything bu... read more 9/4/2010  how to pick an engagement ring: the celebrity inspiration guide how to pick an engagement ring: the celebrity inspiration guide are you a bohemian princess? an unapologetic glitter diva? a vintage beauty? whatever your personal style, you’ve probably glanced at the glossy magazine pages of your favorite celebrity icon once or twice, inwardly envying her gorgeous hair or perfect clothes, an of course, her stunning (and stunningly pricey!) engagement ring. but when it comes to your engagement ring, you probably won’t be the one to choose it. our advice? print this out and leav... read more 9/3/2010  the diamond necklace gift guide the diamond necklace gift guide the diamond necklace is the perfect in-between gift: when you’re dating, it can be a serious, thoughtful gift without the emotional attachment of giving a ring when you’re not quite ready to propose. not everyone feels comfortable in earrings or bracelets, but diamond necklaces are universally flattering and easy to wear. but diamond necklaces come in many sizes and styles, from the tiniest solitaire pendant to statem... read more playing tennis: how to buy the classic diamond bracelet playing tennis: how to buy the classic diamond bracelet the tennis bracelet, a thin diamond bracelet, was originally called the eternity bracelet, but it got its sporty name thanks to chris evert, the former world no. 1 tennis player. in 1987, evert was playing in the u.s. open wearing a diamond bracelet. when the bracelet fell off her wrist during a match, the game was interrupted to allow her to find the precious bracelet. the incident became known as the “tennis bracelet... read more 9/1/2010  a guide to men’s jewelry a guide to men’s jewelry if you are married or have a boyfriend, you’ve probably experienced the men’s gift dilemma more than once: it is simply very hard to buy a man the perfect gift. women always love jewelry, perfume or a new handbag, but men’s toys—electronics, sports equipment, and car accessories—tend to be very specific and technical. you’d no more want to pick out a tv for your husband than offer to watch the super bowl for him. other than boring, typical ties, what els... read more i heart you: choosing a diamond pendant choosing diamond pendant a diamond pendant necklace is one of the classiest and most romantic gifts you can choose, and one that is perfect for any occasion. because it is not loaded with the symbolic meaning of the solitaire diamond ring, a diamond pendant is a great way to show anyone special in your life—wife or girlfriend, mother or daughter—how much you love her. the following are a few of the major categories of diamond pendants from which you can choose the perfect one for your special gif... read more 8/25/2010  the super-easy, super-simple guide to picking a wedding band guide to picking a wedding band so you’ve popped the question, the answer was yes, and now your life is all about choosing flowers, halls, cakes, dresses, and…oh wait. that’s her life. all you have to do is show up with the rings. assuming you’ve already purchased an engagement ring, this guide will take you from “will you marry me?” to “i do” in five simple steps. c... read more 12/7/2009  think quality over quantity this holiday season according to a recent poll by the national retail federation, “53% of americans say they will be spending less money this holiday season.”  being in the throws of such challenging economic times, it’s hard to fathom that people are even thinking of shopping for the upcoming holiday. well think again! as the great musician kerry king said, “the show must go on”— and so it will, just a little more fine tuned. this upcoming holiday people are not totally swearing off of buying gifts fo... read more diamond jewelry care and cleaning diamond jewelry care although diamond is the hardest known natural substance, it is not impervious to damage. especially at points or edges of a diamond, a strong blow can cause chipping or even breakage. furthermore, diamonds can be scratched by other loose diamonds. diamond jewelry can be worn on a daily basis for a lifetime or more, but is unwise to wear it while doing activities likely to subject the stone to harsh treatment. diamond jewelry should be stored in a way that individual items... read more diamond insurance? is this necessary? congrats — now that you’ve finally found the diamond engagement ring that perfectly shows how much you love your bride-to-be (or as much as three-month’s salary will tell her), don’t forget that final, but very important, step in the ring-buying process: jewelry insurance. there are several ways to handle this. there are a variety of different companies that specifically sell insurance for jewelry. to find one, try a simple search online, in the phone book or simply ask the store whe... read more 10/1/2009  why customize your engagement ring? if you are in the market for a unique ring or diamond setting, have an idea for something different and spectacular but don’t know where to start – read on to find out why going the custom design way may be right for you. 1: use “old” to make “new”. did you inherit an engagement ring from your grandmother or a diamond wedding bands from another woman in your family? the “antique” pieces carry a lot of sentimental value. wouldn’t i... read more 6/1/2009  proposing is tough enough! proposing is tough enough! proposing is tough enough, but finding the perfect diamond engagement ring, set with the perfect diamond is even tougher. to eliminate the headache, here are step-by-step instructions from whiteflash.com, an online diamond and jewelry boutique specializing inhearts & arrows diamonds and diamond engagement rings. educate yourself. start the diamond education process by learning about the four cs. “understand how diamonds are evaluated and categorized,” says debi wex... read more 4/28/2009  top 10 must-own jewelry classics top 10 must-own jewelry classics some jewelry is trendy, sticks around for a couple of years and then disappears.  but some jewelry is so timeless that it looks great no matter what the current trends are.  those pieces are great to have in your accessory wardrobe - they’ll allow you to accessorize almost any outfit in your closet! in no particular order, here are my top 10 picks for the jewelry that every woman should own: a simple pair of diamond studs(or c... read more 4/28/2009  how to read and understand a diamond grading report what is a "diamond grading report"? first a quick note. gia has contacted us requesting that we use the term diamond grading report rather than certificate. their concern seems to be that a certificate might imply that the lab is certifying the diamond, which some may view as an endorsement of the item rather than a description. that is an important distinction, one that probably came years after gia's lab started offering reports. however people in the trade still use the term certificate or cert for shor... read more diamonds prefer platinum platinum qualities pure platinum jewelry is usually 90-95% pure, which means you get more of what you are paying for. a naturally white metal, platinum maximizes the brilliance of your diamond. and because platinum is naturally hypoallergenic, it is ideal for those with sensitive skin. rare platinum is 30 times more rare than gold, which means you will be getting or giving something exceptional that not everyone can possess. eternal the platinum rings you give and receive on your wedding day w... read more how to buy a custom engagement ring customized engagement rings as couples become choosy with the rings the use to represent the love they have for a relationship, soon-to-be-brides and grooms are looking into customized engagement rings rather than selecting right off the shelves. right now, a lot of ways are infused to customize engagement rings. choices range from simple design to extraordinarily elaborate ones. an overview of customized engagement rings customized rings are made for a certain person rather than... read more why shop for a loose diamond online? the most expensive part of diamond jewelery is the diamond. in order to purchase the diamond within the size, shape, cut, clarity and price you can afford, it is much easier to select the diamond first and then have it mounted. evaluating the diamond is easier to do when un-set and sometimes the size, shape and color will determine the right setting. to evaluate a loose diamond, a series of devices are used to evaluate the fire, brilliance and cut. to learn more about these tests or grading... read more 3/2/2009  women love diamonds. men know that. whether they're for your engagement or for an anniversary, you can't go wrong with a diamond ring, necklace, bracelet, or even a watch. the problem is that men don't necessarily enjoy shopping for them. so, to make this dreaded task easier on men, i've compiled a list of common questions and concerns men have about buying diamonds for their special ladies. i then went to expert debi wexler from whiteflash.com for the answers. debi shared her knowledge on how to avoid getting hustled when buying a diamond, whic... read more how to tell if your diamond engagement ring or diamond jewelry is a non-conflict diamond you are looking for a diamond with a good cause. you're a diamond lover. you've got countless pieces of jewelry studded with diamonds. you are looking to find an engagement ring with the right cause. you are one of those people who just can't resist the glitter and brilliance that goes with a diamond. then you learn about the existence of blood diamonds. your world is suddenly turned upside down. that may be a satiric narrative but the subject is dead serious. blood diamonds are used to fund wars and other brutal activi... read more how to use a jewelry loupe jewelry loupes are small magnifiers that allow you to see diamonds just like a professional jeweler. these loupes come in various magnification levels, but the 10x loupe (which magnifies the object ten times) is the one used by diamond experts for official diamond grading. more powerful loupes may intrigue you with the possibility of discovering every possible detail, but such tiny characteristics would rarely (if ever) be visible to the naked eye. triplet loupes contain three lenses and are often... read more how to determine her ring size? here is a list of strategies we hope will be useful: idea 1: if she has a ring that she wears on the correct finger and leaves it off, even for a moment 1. if you can bring one of her rings to the jeweler without arousing suspicion, this will probably be the safest course of action. offer to take her jewelry to be cleaned and have the jeweler measure her ring at the same time. 2. put it on your own finger.  push is down as far as it will go and mark the spot with a pen.  show that... read more 10/9/2006  why is diamond cut the ‘secret c’? for many years diamond cut was not graded, so the public did not know to ask the difference between poorly cut, average cut and finely cut diamonds. it costs more in terms of manpower and rough material to craft a diamond to a range of measurements that result in best performance, so manufacturers have cut most diamonds to average quality so they will take less time and be larger when finished. with this fact guarded for many years most consumers still do not know the difference between average and fine-make diamon... read more 10/9/2006  selecting an engagement ring or anniversary ring buying your girlfriend an engagement ring or wife a 3-stone anniversary ring may already seem like second nature to you, but an engagement or anniversary ring should be given careful consideration. here are a few clues to help you get started. take mental notes of the rings she already owns. this is an excellent way to find out which styles and colors she likes without tipping her off to your secret plans. does she normally wear gold or platinum bands? would you consider her diamond rings and diamond se... read more 8/2/2006  metal finishes: gold does more than glitter if you shop for jewelry in a typical jewelry store, you'd think there are only two standard finishes for gold: shiny or dull. in actuality, there are nearly a dozen that manufacturers regularly use. you owe it to yourself to investigate them all. here's a list of popular gold finishes: bark. using an etching tool called a burr, the goldsmith makes wavy lines in the surface of the gold that resemble tree bark. facet. using a lathe, a goldsmith dots the surface with a honeycomb of dents that resemble tiny gem fa... read more continue shopping at whiteflash.com search diamonds view rings see jewelry view gallery shape any shapes round princess cushion emerald radiant asscher pear marquise oval heart trillion spring cut european cut old miner flanders kite star carat - color d e f g h i j k l m n o p q r s t u w x y z - d e f g h i j k l m n o p q r s t u w x y z clarity if vvs1 vvs2 vs1 vs2 si1 si2 si3 - if vvs1 vvs2 vs1 vs2 si1 si2 si3 cut ideal excellent verygood good fair - ideal excellent verygood good fair price - search find your ring size solitaire settings three stone settings diamond settings designer rings wedding sets design your ring whiteflash gallery request design wedding bands diamond earrings diamond pendants diamond bracelets right hand rings men's jewelry tacori jewelry whiteflash design anniversary jewelry news diamond education whiteflash books promotions wallpapers the perfect fit enter amount: select country australia canada singapore united kingdom alberta british colombia manitoba new brunswick newfoundland northwest territory nova scotia nunavut ontario prince edward island quebec saskatchewan yukon sub total: duty: shipping: total: calculate ? rings diamonds jewelry wedding earrings engagement rings solitaire wedding bands diamond rings verragio tacori verragio ritani vatche mark schneider benchmark hearts and arrows cut diamonds follow us sign up for our newsletter: whiteflash news dreams of africa blog whiteflash rating : 4.80 rating based on 3529 reviews. read all testimonials contact us give us feedback if you have suggestions regarding whiteflash.com site, please, fill form below and click "send". your name your e-mail send thanks for your feedback. we appreciate your help in improving whiteflash website. close info@whiteflash.com telephone 1-877-612-6770 outside usa 1-832-252-6770 2150 town square pl#330 sugar land, tx 77479 usa winner of the 2012 bbb pinnacle award best jeweler in houston, texas mobile version © 2000-2013 whiteflash - a brilliant diamond buying experience ® privacy policies sitemap what would you like to do? buy this diamond without setting – you can still add the diamond to a setting later if you decide to do so. buy this diamond with setting. search from our selection of diamond settings to find your perfect ring. what would you like to do? buy this diamond pair without setting – you can still add the diamond pair to a setting later if you decide to do so. buy this diamond pair with earrings. search our selection for studs and earrings to find the perfect match for your diamonds. what would you like to do? buy setting now without diamond. you can add a diamond to this setting later. buy diamond with this setting. choose from our selection of loose diamonds to create your ideal engagement ring. what would you like to do? buy earrings now without diamond. you can add a diamond to these earrings later. buy these earrings with our diamonds. choose from our selection of loose diamonds to create your gorgeous earrings. x welcome to whiteflash! we cordially invite our houston area clients to visit our beautiful boutique style showroom for a very special experience. come see our a cut above® diamonds and designer engagement rings in person and meet our friendly and knowledgeable staff of jewelry professionals. book your appointment now by visiting our showroom page where you can schedule your visit and learn more about the special venue we have created for our houston area clients do not show this page again close