来源URL: https://web.archive.org/web/20131229174509/http://www.whiteflash.com/about-diamonds/whiteflash-policies/
================================================================================

diamonds, engagement rings, jewelry in houston jewelry store | whiteflash my diamonds (0) my jewelry (0) my diamond pairs (0) last visited products free shipping worldwide visit the whiteflash houston jewelry showroom sign in wish list shopping cart ideal diamonds and fine jewelry loose diamonds loose diamonds search diamond pairs search request a diamond learn about diamonds certified diamonds a cut above diamonds engagement rings diamond solitaire diamond settings three stone rings designer rings wedding sets design your ring custom ring builder designer rings tacori rings verragio rings ritani rings mark schneider rings vatche rings benchmark rings wedding rings womens wedding rings mens wedding rings diamond rings plain rings diamond jewelry diamond earrings diamond pendants diamond necklaces diamond bracelets anniversary rings dreams of africa mens jewelry tacori jewelry education diamond education jewelry education jewelry care essentials gems & gemology diamond videos tips and advice whiteflash news whiteflash policies faq reviews why whiteflash about whiteflash the whiteflash guarantee bbb pinnacle award 2012 iso 9000 certified conflict free diamonds free shipping life time trade up one year buy back money back guarantee customer loyalty program 877-612-6770 livechat | contact education  > whiteflash policies whiteflash news 8/1/2013  mark schneider designs pinterest contest - follow, repin, and win! mark schneider designs pinterest contest -follow, repin, and win! official rules: this promotion is in no way sponsored by, endorsed by, administered by, or associated with pinterest. by entering the mark schneider designs pinterest contest -follow, repin, and win!, you are providing your information to whiteflash inc., and not to pinterest. the information you provide will only be used by whiteflash inc. for ordinary business purposes and its third-party vendor who is administering this contest. the information y... read more 6/13/2013  be a tacori girl! follow, repin, and win! terms & conditions be a tacori girl! follow, repin, and win! whiteflash pinterest contest terms & conditions official rules this promotion is in no way sponsored by, endorsed by, administered by, or associated with pinterest. by entering the be a tacori girl! follow, repin, and win!, you are providing your information to whiteflash inc., and not to pinterest. the information you provide will only be used by whiteflash inc. for ordinary business purposes and its third-party vendor who is administering this contest. the info... read more 4/25/2013  whiteflash ring and jewelry boxes whiteflash ring and jewelry boxes “good things come in small packages”. this is especially true when the package contains an exquisite diamond engagement ring, diamond pendant, earrings or any fabulous piece of diamond jewelry from whiteflash. the ring and jewelry box is the first impression made, even before the treasure inside is unveiled. at whiteflash, we understand the importance of the proper presentation. our tasteful and elegant packaging sets the stage for the excitement of the next... read more 12/7/2012  whiteflash verragio pinterest contest terms & conditions the information you provide will only be used by whiteflash inc. for ordinary business purposes and its third-party vendor who is administering this contest. the information you provide will not be disclosed to any other third parties. by entering this contest, you hereby release pinterest from any and all liability arising from this contest. 1. no purchase necessary to enter or to win. a purchase will not increase your odds of winning. all federal, state, local and municipal laws and regulations apply. void where p... read more whiteflash and ruffled blog pinterest contest terms & conditions pinterest contest terms & conditions pin it to win it contest official rules this promotion is in no way sponsored by, endorsed by, administered by, or associated with pinterest. by entering the pin it to win it contest, you are providing your information to whiteflash inc., and not to pinterest. the information you provide will only be used by whiteflash inc. for ordinary business purposes and its third-party vendor who is administering this contest. the information you provide will not be disclosed to any... read more whiteflash core values whiteflash core values the following graphic represents the culmination of a collective, collaborative effort on the part of the entire whiteflash team over a period of a year to distill and define our core values.  these values govern all of our activities and policies and we hold ourselves accountable for each and every one of them. whiteflash core values ... read more whiteflash recommended jewelry appraisers whiteflash recommended jewelry appraisers as a service to our customers we have prepared this page as a reference to help locate qualified diamond appraisers and jewelry professionals throughout the united states. the individuals and businesses appearing on the list below are recommended based upon industry credentials and a reputation for high quality customer service. where noted, the company or individual has been pre-approved to receive diamonds and jewelry for the purpose of enabling whit... read more can i get a commission or reward for recommending a friend to whiteflash? yes!  our referral and customer loyalty program is designed to provide extra incentive for recommending whiteflash to friends and family.  it is easy to do and we love sending out those referral checks! the program also rewards you when you come back to make additional purchases ("self" referral).  you can see how it works and how easy it is to get your rewards by going to our referral and customer loyalty page.... read more can i get a commission or reward if i recommend another customer to whiteflash? yes!  our referral and customer loyalty program provides extra incentive to  recommend new customers to whiteflash and coming back for additional purchases yourself.  word of mouth is a big way that we grow our business and we love sending out referral checks!  see how it works and how simple it is to get your rewards by going to our referral and customer loyalty page.... read more whiteflash privacy policy privacy policy last updated sept 7, 2011 welcome, and thank you for visiting whiteflash.com! for over a decade, whiteflash inc. (whiteflash) has taken great pride in the relationships that it has developed with its customers and friends. we do our best to ensure that your experience with us is one that you will want to repeat and share with your friends. your privacy is very important to us, and whiteflash is dedicated to protecting your privacy and handling any personal information... read more give it the yes vote and win contest privacy policy last updated october  19, 2011 welcome, and thank you for visiting whiteflash.com! for over a decade, whiteflash inc. (whiteflash) has taken great pride in the relationships that it has developed with its customers and friends. we do our best to ensure that your experience with us is one that you will want to repeat and share with your friends. your privacy is very important to us, and whiteflash is dedicated to protecting your privacy and handling any personal information we... read more give it the yes vote and win contest by whiteflash inc. on may 9, 2012 give it the yes vote and win contest official rules this promotion is in no way sponsored by, endorsed by, administered by, or associated with facebook. by entering the give it the yes vote and win contest, you are providing your information to whiteflash inc., and not to facebook. the information you provide will only be used by whiteflash inc. for ordinary business purposes and its third-party vendor who is administering this contest. the information you provide will not be... read more free shipping at whiteflash free shipping usa and international – by federal express® apo and fpo – us postal service priority mail® domestic and international shipping insured fedex shipping is free within the united states and to all international destinations that we are able to ship (please click here for a complete list of countries that we ship to and the maximum insurance available).  all diamonds and jewelry purchased from whiteflash are usually shipped via federal express® seco... read more the whiteflash virtual selection diamond service the whiteflash virtual selection diamond service in addition to our extensive inventory of in-house diamonds in our area of specialization- certified ags ideal round and ags ideal princess diamonds – whiteflash also stocks a small selection of  gia certified diamonds in rounds, princess cut and other fancy shapes such as asscher, cushion cut, pear shape and oval. our in-house inventory can be found in our a cut above®, expert selection and premium select categories, all of which are posted to our websi... read more continue shopping at whiteflash.com search diamonds view rings see jewelry view gallery shape any shapes round princess cushion emerald radiant asscher pear marquise oval heart trillion spring cut european cut old miner flanders kite star carat - color d e f g h i j k l m n o p q r s t u w x y z - d e f g h i j k l m n o p q r s t u w x y z clarity if vvs1 vvs2 vs1 vs2 si1 si2 si3 - if vvs1 vvs2 vs1 vs2 si1 si2 si3 cut ideal excellent verygood good fair - ideal excellent verygood good fair price - search find your ring size solitaire settings three stone settings diamond settings designer rings wedding sets design your ring whiteflash gallery request design wedding bands diamond earrings diamond pendants diamond bracelets right hand rings men's jewelry tacori jewelry whiteflash design anniversary jewelry news diamond education whiteflash books promotions jewelry calendar the perfect fit enter amount: select country australia canada singapore united kingdom alberta british colombia manitoba new brunswick newfoundland northwest territory nova scotia nunavut ontario prince edward island quebec saskatchewan yukon sub total: duty: shipping: total: calculate ? rings diamonds jewelry wedding earrings engagement rings solitaire wedding bands diamond rings verragio tacori verragio ritani vatche mark schneider benchmark hearts and arrows cut diamonds follow us sign up for our newsletter: whiteflash news dreams of africa blog whiteflash rating : 4.80 rating based on 3543 reviews. read all testimonials contact us give us feedback if you have suggestions regarding whiteflash.com site, please, fill form below and click "send". your name your e-mail send thanks for your feedback. we appreciate your help in improving whiteflash website. close info@whiteflash.com telephone 1-877-612-6770 outside usa 1-832-252-6770 2150 town square pl#330 sugar land, tx 77479 usa winner of the 2012 bbb pinnacle award best jeweler in houston, texas mobile version © 2000-2013 whiteflash - a brilliant diamond buying experience ® privacy policies sitemap what would you like to do? buy this diamond without setting – you can still add the diamond to a setting later if you decide to do so. buy this diamond with setting. search from our selection of diamond settings to find your perfect ring. what would you like to do? buy this diamond pair without setting – you can still add the diamond pair to a setting later if you decide to do so. buy this diamond pair with earrings. search our selection for studs and earrings to find the perfect match for your diamonds. what would you like to do? buy setting now without diamond. you can add a diamond to this setting later. buy diamond with this setting. choose from our selection of loose diamonds to create your ideal engagement ring. what would you like to do? buy earrings now without diamond. you can add a diamond to these earrings later. buy these earrings with our diamonds. choose from our selection of loose diamonds to create your gorgeous earrings.