来源URL: https://web.archive.org/web/20141230035426/http://www.whiteflash.com/about-diamonds/diamond-education/
================================================================================

diamond education at whiteflash shopping cart (0) my diamonds (0) my jewelry (0) my diamond pairs (0) last visited products free shipping worldwide visit the whiteflash houston jewelry showroom sign in wish list shopping cart ideal diamonds and fine jewelry loose diamonds loose diamonds search diamond pairs search request a diamond learn about diamonds certified diamonds a cut above diamonds engagement rings diamond solitaire diamond settings halo rings three stone rings designer rings wedding sets design your ring custom ring builder designer rings tacori rings verragio rings simon g. rings ritani rings mark schneider rings vatche rings benchmark rings wedding rings womens wedding rings mens wedding rings eternity rings diamond rings classic rings diamond jewelry diamond earrings diamond pendants diamond necklaces diamond bracelets diamond bangles anniversary rings dreams of africa mens jewelry tacori jewelry simon g. jewelry education diamond education jewelry education jewelry care essentials gems & gemology diamond videos tips and advice whiteflash news whiteflash policies faq reviews why whiteflash about whiteflash the whiteflash guarantee bbb pinnacle award 2012 iso 9000 certified conflict free diamonds free shipping life time trade up one year buy back money back guarantee customer loyalty program 877-612-6770 livechat | contact education  > diamond education whiteflash news how to choose the perfect diamond – infographic need help selecting the perfect diamond? read our infographic for some real great information and tips for finding that flawless diamond! it may seem like an odd question, but isn’t a diamond in many ways a reflection upon the wearer?  so does the person make the diamond look special, or the other way around?  with so many qualities, shapes and sizes it is impossible to have one diamond that will suit every person- each gem is as unique as its owner.  every diamond has a personality and a story... read more 19 amazing facts about diamonds - infographic 19 amazing diamond facts diamonds are the number one choice for engagement and eternity rings because they are the traditional symbol of love and romance. when we see the rows of glistening white in the trays in the window of the jewellery store, we probably don’t stop and think about how rare they actually are, how many thousands of years they have been sitting underground to be discovered or just how much hard work goes into crafting a solitaire diamond of such exquisite quality. we have compiled an info... read more fancy color diamonds - an overview a guide to understanding fancy color diamonds natural gem diamonds are rare.  the most common have slight amounts of yellow or brown.  colorless diamonds are the exception and they are what most people think of when talking about high quality and expensive diamonds.  but even more rare and valuable than colorless diamonds are those that exhibit strong attractive colors.  they are known as fancy color diamonds and are found in an extensive range of color including yellow, pink, blue, and green. some of th... read more 5 carat diamond 5 carat diamond just how rare is a 5 carat diamond of gem quality?  it’s really hard to say.  most mine estimates indicate that on average 250 tons of potentially diamond bearing rock must be processed in order to yield a diamond of one carat.  and only about 20 percent of diamonds found are of gem quality.  the rest have only value for the abrasives industry. approximately half the weight of the original rough diamond is lost in the cutting process- significantly more, if the diamon... read more agsl diamond cut grading the princess cut agsl diamond cut grading - the princess cut *the following article provides an overview of the american gem society laboratories (agsl) approach to cut grading of princess diamonds and was written in collaboration with the agsl. special thanks to peter yantzer in providing information and insight, rachel stark for providing graphics, and to alethea inns and jason quick for their encouragement and support. this article will focus on the particular issues involved in light performance grading specific to princess cut... read more blue nile reviews - signature ideal princess cut diamonds blue nile reviews – signature ideal princess cut diamonds blue nile* advertises its signature ideal princess-cut diamonds with a number of lofty claims. below is the headline statement from their education page at http://www.bluenile.com/signature-ideal-princess-diamonds: "to achieve the first and only princess-cut diamond with ideal standards, master cutters start with the finest diamond rough. these diamonds are cut to blue nile's exacting proportions to maximize light performance, brilliance... read more three carat diamond three carat diamond gem diamonds are rare.  of all the diamonds mined it is estimated that only one in a million will yield a finished gem of one carat.  a three carat diamond is exponentially rarer and consequently, much more valuable.  by some estimates only about one in 15 million mined diamonds are 3 carat.  when you add additional rarity factors of high color, clarity and ideal cut quality, a three carat diamond in the upper grades is significantly rarer still.  and diamond prices, mirrori... read more 12/30/2013  aset - table reflection | whiteflash aset - table reflection in the center of a face-up aset (angular spectrum evaluation tool) image of a round diamond is a small area around the culet that represents a reflection of the light entering the table. in the color coded aset scope sometimes this area appears red, sometimes green, and sometimes a combination of red and green. so which is better, or does it matter? aset red center... read more 10/15/2013  gia triple excellent - whiteflash gia triple excellent whiteflash specializes in diamonds of the finest cut quality and light performance. it is therefore not surprising that our diamonds would be certified by the preeminent laboratories in the world. as the agsl (american gem society laboratories) is clearly the world leader in diamond cut quality analysis, the majority of our diamonds are ags certified. but we also understand that a great many shoppers around the world place their faith in gia grading and are looking for gia triple ex diamo... read more 9/2/2013  diamond quality - whiteflash diamond quality if you’ve read about diamonds or shopped for them at a jewelry store you have most likely heard about the diamond “4 c’s”. they are carat, color, clarity and cut. there is also a 5th c that is of key importance to most of us – cost!   therefore, the trick is to find the best combination of c’s that defines the diamond quality that is right for the occasion and the budget. an important thing to understand about diamond quality is... read more 8/1/2013  e color diamond e color diamond e colored diamond if your diamond is “next to perfect” in color, that’s about as good as it gets! an e color diamond is just that – second from the top in the long alphabet of diamond colors. sitting squarely in the middle of the elite “colorless” range (def), this particular color grade is virtually indistinguishable from perfectly colorless.&nb... read more 7/31/2013  f color diamond f color diamond f colored diamond colorless diamonds are those at the very top of the color grading scale – d, e and f. they vary only in degree of “colorlessness”! just from that description it should be pretty evident that all three colors are extremely white. that is, they really have no body color that is detectable to the observer in the real world. and since d and... read more 7/30/2013  g color diamond g color diamond g colored diamond sitting atop the “near colorless” range (ghij) in the diamond color grading scale is the g color diamond. it represents an extremely popular choice for diamond shoppers today because it is very white without the price premium associated with colorless diamonds (def). some compromise is almost always made amongst the diamond 4c’s.&nbsp... read more 7/26/2013  j color diamond j color diamond j color diamond a common assumption on the part of many new diamond shoppers is that a diamond seven grades down on the color scale would not be of acceptable quality. but the diamond color grading scale is so nuanced that a large number of shoppers end up finding their best value in this range. it turns out that j color diamonds, even though seemingly far down on the scale, can lo... read more 7/26/2013  d color diamond d color diamond d colored diamond the ultimate “color” in the normal diamond color range is actually colorless. that is, icy white with no body color whatsoever. the diamond color grading scale is arranged in alphabetical order starting with “d” representing completely colorless. the normal range of diamond color then runs d to z.   d color diamonds are consi... read more 7/19/2013  h color diamond h color diamond h color diamond diamonds in the upper half of the near-colorless range (ghij) represent outstanding value because they look white without the price premium associated with colorless diamonds (def). h color diamonds are particularly interesting to astute shoppers for a couple of reasons which will be discussed in this article. first it should be noted that any useful dis... read more 7/16/2013  i color diamond i color diamond i color diamond we think of diamonds as eternal and classic – the epitome of endurance and stability. so it may be surprising to learn that tastes in diamonds do also fluctuate. sometimes it has to do with shapes becoming more or less fashionable. and sometimes it even has to do with qualities. for instance, i color diamonds happen to be incredibly hot right now. &... read more 4/5/2013  the super ideal diamond the super ideal diamond diamond cut quality, the most important of the 4 c’s, has the greatest impact on diamond beauty. so it may be surprising that of all the diamonds in the market only a small percentage are cut particularly well!  and only a small percentage of those are cut to ideal standards. true “super ideal diamonds” are exceedingly rare. so, what distinguishes a super ideal from an ideal diamond and why does it matter? this graphic represents a rough illustr... read more large diamond – important diamond listings from whiteflash large diamond – important diamond listings the market is full of diamonds. there are hundreds of sellers and hundreds of thousands of options for a buyer looking for a certified diamond. but the list of really special diamonds is relatively short. diamonds combining very high color and clarity with ideal cut craftsmanship will always be in very limited supply and very high demand.  and a large diamond with these characteristics is that much more exclusive. here you will find quick link... read more 4/1/2013  4 carat diamond 4 carat diamond 4 carat diamond considering that the average diamond sold in an engagement ring nationally is a quarter of a carat (0.25 carat), a four carat diamond (4.00 carat) is obviously a very, very large diamond. gem diamonds of this size are very rare, representing an almost incomprehensibly small percentage of all diamonds mined. it is estimated that only about 1 in a million make the one... read more 4/1/2013  diamond cloud inclusions - impact on diamond sparkle diamond cloud inclusions - impact on diamond sparkle diamond sparkle the most spectacular diamonds are brilliant, fiery and dynamic. it is this great light performance that makes diamonds so beautiful and mesmerizing. the best diamonds almost seem to be alive, with personalities that change in response to each new lighting environment. on the other hand, nobody aspires to own a cloudy diamond... read more 3/25/2013  ideal diamond - what does the term really mean? ideal diamond - what does the term really mean? round & princess ideal diamonds if you are in the market for a diamond these days you will likely hear terms like “ideal” and “hearts and arrows”, and “triple excellent”. what exactly is an ideal diamond and what do all these different superlatives mean? first, it should be understood that these terms... read more 3/18/2013  diamond sparkle - the secrets of scintillation diamond sparkle - the secrets of scintillation as soon as the first rudimentary facets were put on a diamond crystal, mankind became aware of the primary attribute that makes diamonds beautiful. they sparkle! and it can be an absolutely mesmerizing effect. but it was not until relatively recently that we have begun to understand what actually makes a diamond sparkle. and we have the ags (american gem society) laboratories to thank for it. their advanced research has greatly “illuminate... read more 3/6/2013  online diamond shopping - diamond guide for the internet age online diamond shopping - diamond guide for the internet age the thought of buying something as expensive as a diamond online is a scary proposition for most people. but for those who can get past that first impulse and explore the idea a little deeper, a brilliant new world begins to open up. and that new understanding can be very rewarding indeed! online diamond buyers often get more beautiful and valuable diamonds for much less money than traditional shoppers. and, if done right, buying diamonds online is as... read more 12/18/2012   is egl certification as good as ags or gia? is egl certification as good as ags or gia? from a standpoint of accuracy and consistency, the consensus of the experts is that egl certification is not as reliable as diamond certification done by ags or gia. as a result, diamonds marketed with egl reports are significantly discounted relative to diamonds with reports from ags laboratories (agsl) and gia. diamond certification is part science and part practiced skill, but it is also a business. there appears to be a fundamental business reason that egl reports are... read more 12/14/2012  gia ex vs ags ideal gia ex vs ags ideal of the diamond “4 c’s”, diamond cut quality is considered by experts to be the most important. defects in cut quality will result in diminished light performance. and after all, it is brilliance, fire and scintillation that make diamonds beautiful. thus the debate between gia ex and ags ideal is one worth exploring. select your diamond gia  and agsl are the two most important gemological laboratories and both do cut quality analysis on diamonds. the american gem society lab... read more 12/4/2012  agsl diamond clarity grading diamond clarity grading - the agsl way *the following article is part of a series written in collaboration with the american gem society laboratories. special thanks to alethea inns, c.g., director of diamond grading at agsl for her technical contributions. diamond clarity grading involves assessing how readily visible the inclusions are in a diamond and accounting for an extensive list of potential variables including the size, number, type, location and relief of its inclusions. at the american gem soci... read more 11/29/2012  diamond fluorescence - good or bad? diamond fluorescence - good or bad? diamond fluorescence the answer is both… or neither. what is fluorescence in a diamond? when exposed to invisible ultraviolet (uv) light, many diamonds temporarily     luminesce, emitting visible light of different colors and different strengths. sunlight and  indoor fluorescent lights  contain varying amounts of uv radiation. a significant percentage of diamonds i... read more 11/2/2012  diamond laser inscription diamond laser inscription modern technology has provided the option of permanently marking diamonds in a very discreet way so that they can be identified quickly and conveniently. diamond laser inscription is done using a very small and precise laser beam to lightly etch numbers, letters and even graphics on the girdle of the diamond. the laser inscription can be read using a jewelers’ loupe, but is not visible to the naked eye and does not impact the diamond’s quality or light performance. every a cut... read more 10/9/2012  synthetic diamonds - are man made diamonds a concern for the market? synthetic diamonds - are man made diamonds a concern for the market? synthetic diamonds in a word “yes”, but with some important qualifiers. to begin, it is necessary to understand some basic terminology in order to avoid confusion. there have been imitation or simulated diamonds in the market as long as there have been cut and polished natural diamonds. the simulants include an expansive list... read more ags vs gia | ags diamond certificate | gia diamond certificate | ags diamond laboratory ags vs gia arguably the two most important gem labs in the world are the gia (gemological institute of america - gem trade laboratory) and the agsl (american gem society laboratories). gia is by far the best known lab in the world with facilities in most of the major trading centers in the world. ags is small by comparison but extremely important, having made a name for itself as a pioneer in the critical area of diamond cut quality analysis. the discussion of ags vs gia reveals more similarities than differences between th... read more 9/7/2012  princess diamond - why are there so few ideal princess diamonds on the market? why are there so few ideal cut princess diamonds on the market? the short answer is because gia has elected not to put an overall cut grade on princess cut diamonds, as they do for rounds. while gia reports on princess cuts (modified square brilliant) do contain aspects of cutting- polish and symmetry- this does not begin to tell the story of light performance. in terms of fire, brilliance and sparkle, there is a huge difference between mediocre princess cuts and ideal cut princess diamonds. the result is a ma... read more 8/21/2012  heart diamonds heart diamonds heart shape diamond the term “heart diamonds” can sometimes mean different things. it often refers to the shape of a polished diamond – the heart shape diamond. but someone using the term heart diamonds may actually be referring to a certain aspect of round diamonds cut to a very high degree of optical symmetry. hearts and arrows diamonds are round brilliant shape diamon... read more 8/13/2012  diamond with e-report: is it worth buying? diamond with e-report: is it worth buying? the gemological institute of america (gia) earlier this year began offering a new, all digital diamond grading report known as the e-report. it features the same grading of the 4c’s done on a full report with the exception of a stone plot of the clarity characteristics. one of the highlights of this new diamond report is the inclusion of an actual photo of the diamond in face up view. it is also environmentally friendly as it involves no printed document or mailing envelop. a... read more 8/10/2012  certified diamonds vs non-certified diamonds certified diamonds vs non-certified diamonds certified diamond - asscher cut the term “certified diamonds” refers to polished diamonds that have undergone quality analysis by a trusted gemological laboratory such as the agsl (american gem society laboratories) or gia (gemological institute of america) and have been issued a lab report, commonly referred to as a “certificate”. the major gemol... read more 8/10/2012  ags laboratories - color grading of diamonds ags laboratories - color grading of diamonds diamond grading - the agsl way (part three) *the following article is part of a series written in collaboration with the american gem society laboratories. special thanks to alethea inns, c.g., director of diamond grading at agsl for her technical contributions. a diamond’s color (or lack thereof) is a critical aspect in determining its market value. grading the color is therefore a crucial part of the laboratory certification process. the following article... read more 7/12/2012  diamond prices: comparison, statistics, education diamond prices: comparison, statistics, education diamond prices are determined largely by supply and demand with some interesting additional forces at play. diamonds are a global commodity with commercially viable mining sources ranging from south america to africa and from siberia to canada. australia is now a major producer as well. gem diamonds are in demand in developed countries worldwide. until fairly recently the supply of diamonds to the market was primarily under control of one company, debeers. the same company w... read more 6/25/2012  diamond laboratory process - basic functions and procedures diamond laboratory process - basic functions and procedures diamond grading - the agsl way (part two) (the following article was written in collaboration with the american gem society laboratories. special thanks to dennis mette, operations director of agsl, for his invaluable cooperation) many consumers are curious about the journey that a diamond takes in acquiring laboratory certification. we place great value on the report that specifies the diamond’s identity and grading of the 4cs, but we seldom stop... read more 5/25/2012  visual proportion analyzer – free software for diamond evaluation visual proportion analyzer – free software for diamond evaluation the following article was produced in collaboration with the agsl.  special thanks to alethea inns, director of diamond grading, for her invaluable help. in keeping with their mission of consumer protection and education the american gem society laboratories (agsl) has just released a software program for evaluating cutting precision of the standard round brilliant diamond. and they have made this visual proportion analyzer (vpa) software... read more 5/3/2012  what is a carat? what is a carat? if you are shopping for a diamond or diamond jewelry, most likely you have heard the word carat or karat thrown around quite a bit. the former refers to weight and the latter to purity. each of these terms has its own distinct definition, although they are both derived from the same word. and both are very different from the common vegetable, the carrot, and the ^ symbol used in editing , the caret. carob  and diamond on scale... read more 5/2/2012  how are diamonds mined? how are diamonds mined? finding a diamond this day and age is easy: go online, head to the mall – and in some cases you can even find diamonds at the store you buy your groceries! but in this age of instant gratification we should take a moment and ask, “just how did these diamonds end up in front of me?” the short answer is that they are created by time and pressure – and if they are naturally formed diamonds- they are mined. diamond mining is a combination of art, science, engineering, and a lot of... read more 5/2/2012  what is a diamond? what is a diamond? carbon periodic table block the word diamond is derived from the greek word adamas, meaning “unbreakable” or “indestructible”. the definition of diamond is “a pure or nearly pure, extremely hard form of carbon, naturally crystallized in the isometric system”. these carbon formations are formed deep within the earth’s mantle, at the site of a meteorite strike, or in space and then... read more 5/2/2012  the most famous diamonds in the world the most famous diamonds in the world large blue gemstone and diamond pendant the hope diamond as the old song goes “ya gotta have hope”, but when you know the history of the hope diamond, you may change your tune. the 45.52 carat blue hope diamond is one of the most famous diamonds in the world. it was named for one of its purchasers, henry thomas hope, an english banker. the hope has a long history of being associated with bad... read more 5/2/2012  why is craftsmanship in diamond processing so important? why is craftsmanship in diamond processing so important? rough diamond crystals are remarkably unremarkable. in their uncut state they possess no brilliance, no fire and are anything but scintillating! without the craftsmanship of man, diamonds look no different than a piece of common quartz or a shard of broken glass. but even the earliest diamond cutters, who were able to put just a few rudimentary facets on a diamond crystal, were able to begin to unlock the extraordinary beauty of the gem of gems. ... read more 5/2/2012  how are diamonds transformed from rough to polished? how are diamonds transformed from rough to polished? there was a time when cutting rough diamonds was a rudimentary and very slow process of polishing a few strategic facets just to give the diamond a little flash and capture a little fire. even the earliest cut and polished diamonds were pretty. rough diamond being polished on wheel but today, modern technology has give us tools to do amazing things in transforming rough diamonds in... read more 5/2/2012  where are the main diamond sources? where are the main diamond sources? while locating and purchasing a diamond today is as easy as opening a webpage and clicking a button – the location of where the diamond came from is not usually considered. while we are all lucky to reap the benefits of diamond mining, sorting, grading, and international distribution – just where do they all come from? there are two primary diamond sources: the earth, which produces naturally formed diamonds, and laboratories which provide synthetic diamonds. ... read more 4/24/2012  laboratory graded diamonds – what are the benefits for the consumer? laboratory graded diamonds – what are the benefits for the consumer? *the following article is part of a series written in collaboration with the american gem society laboratories. special thanks to alethea inns, c.g., director of diamond grading at agsl for her technical contributions. in the internet age consumers expect to know the details of their purchases more intimately- especially the significant ones. in-depth and comprehensive information is more accessible to the consumer today than ever before. in... read more 3/27/2012  is diamond the hardest substance in the world? is diamond the hardest substance in the world? diamond in blue light indeed, diamond is the hardest material in the world. material hardness is a property determined by scratch resistance. a substance can only be scratched by something of equal or greater hardness. therefore, only a diamond can scratch another diamond. diamond sits at the top of the mohs scale of hardness at number 10 as the hardest material. the mohs scale rates relative... read more 3/26/2012  diamond light return - is maximization really the answer? diamond light return - is maximization really the answer? it may be bit counterintuitive but the answer is “not really”! on the one hand it seems obvious that the more light returning to the eye, the more eye-catching and impressive a diamond would be. but gem diamonds are complicated little wonders, and what makes them truly dazzling is a combination of performance traits. total light return is one factor and is the engine of diamond performance. a diamond must have sufficient brightness to drive the other beau... read more 3/16/2012  the rough diamonds the rough diamonds the thought of diamonds usually evokes ideas of necklaces, earrings, rings and other brilliant jewelry glittering and scintillating to the eye. however, it takes a very long time to get diamonds ready to be set in such exquisite designs. the building block to all of this is a rough diamond – and rough diamonds take an amazing journey to end up around someone’s neck, wrist or finger. a rough diamond is one that is uncut and unpolished. uncut rough diamonds are sourced from the earth in... read more 3/12/2012  visual diamond brightness: what diamonds looks brighter? visual diamond brightness: what diamonds looks brighter? there are several unique qualities that make diamond the king of gems. diamonds are rare and they are the extremely hard and durable. but it is their potential for extraordinary light performance that makes them so beautiful and desirable. cut quality and craftsmanship are the biggest factors in determining the light handling capabilities of diamonds in the middle to upper range of the color and clarity scales. exceptionally well-cut diamonds such as... read more 3/12/2012  main diamond certification institutions main diamond certification institutions the art of purchasing diamonds has changed dramatically over the past few decades. one thing just about all potential customers now know is the importance of buying a diamond that has been “certified”. prior to 1953, diamonds were graded by the buyers and sellers, without a strict set of standards by which to compare them. one can only imagine the haggling and wrangling that must have accompanied most sales! these days there are many professional diamond certificat... read more 2/21/2012  fire up your hearts: a cut above® diamonds on the scene fire up your hearts: a cut above® diamonds on the scene by all accounts hearts on fire* brand diamonds are beautiful. they are ideal cut for excellent light performance. as the market has become more educated about the importance of diamond cut quality there is much more demand for ideal cut diamonds. there are tons of diamonds in the market that have the potential for outstanding brilliance, fire and sparkle, but they are simply not cut as well as they could be. the reason- it costs more to cut ideal diamonds.... read more 2/14/2012  aset – the diamond evaluation tool – simple and powerful aset – the diamond evaluation tool – simple and powerful of all the diamond instruments and analytical devices on the market today possibly the most valuable is the aset (angular spectrum evaluation tool). it is simple in concept, easy to use and to understand, and forms the graphical portion of the sophisticated light performance grading system used by the american gem society and its laboratory. the cut quality analysis performed by the agsl is widely considered to be the most comprehensive and... read more 1/30/2012  the “perfect” perfect pair of gem diamonds the perfect pair of perfect diamonds ultimate perfection meets ultimate precision it boggles the mind to try to estimate the rarity of this pair of world class gems. the old adage “one in a million” would be way too conservative! two absolutely perfect ags certified diamonds: both d color and internally flawless, both perfectly crafted a cut above® super ideals, and each one weighing 1.06ct 1.06 ct d if a cut above®  ags-104045694027 1.... read more 1/10/2012  hearts and arrows – fire up your diamond passion! hearts and arrows – fire up your diamond passion! sweet hearts and cupid’s arrows have more than a symbolic and mythical connection to relationships and to diamond engagement rings. hearts and arrows diamonds represent the pinnacle of cut quality and light performance. if love is in your heart, then fire should be on your mind! heart diamonds for the ultimate symbolism in a diamond engagement ring, one can purchase a heart diamond; that is, a diamond cut and polished in the shape of a heart. the downsi... read more 8/8/2011  whiteflash diamond imaging whiteflash diamond imaging imaging is a very important part of whiteflash operations. many customers decide to purchase our high quality diamonds and jewelry sight unseen - some from the far side of the globe. to help with those decisions we provide a diamond image package to enable shoppers to see critical aspects of the diamonds and fine jewelry we offer.  we employ a team of fulltime photographers so that all in-house diamonds are presented on our website with a comprehensive set of photogr... read more a cut above® hearts and arrows diamond melee a cut above® hearts and arrows diamond melee a cut above® hearts and arrows diamond melee are fully faceted small round diamonds of superb quality, graded in a similar fashion to our a cut above® hearts and arrows super ideals.  they are meticulously cut and polished, and selected by whiteflash for use in our finest jewelry pieces.  in addition to being ideally cut with hearts and arrows patterning, a cut above® melee are clean and white (f-g color, vs clarity), and non-fluorescent. h&a... read more pure perfection: d flawless a cut above® flawless diamond - pure perfection - d flawless a cut above® diamonds are rare.  a flawless diamond is exceptionally rare.  a flawless diamond that is perfectly colorless is phenomenally rare.  how rare does that make diamonds that are perfect in color, clarity and also in cut? d color (perfectly colorless) if (internally flawless) diamonds are estimated to represent a miniscule .001% of world diamond production.   because diamond prices are base... read more a cut above® super ideal diamonds a cut above® super ideal diamonds “welcome to the world of extraordinary” let there be light…. in the beginning there were diamonds- they formed 100 million years ago at tremendous depth and pressure and were brought to the surface of the earth by extremely isolated volcanic events. phenomenally rare and precious, diamonds are also the hardest of all known substances. but it is their capacity for incredible beauty that makes them treasure... read more 3/3/2011  diamonds –from rough to polished diamonds – from rough to polished a diamond is just a sparkling little colorless rock that looks pretty in an engagement ring, or set into a pendant or pair of earrings. so why is it the center of every engagement, the symbol for all things valuable and precious, and the proverbial girl’s best friend? how is a rough diamond made into a sparkling gem? why do we buy diamonds anyway? the difference between a piece of rough diamond and a finished jewel is a time-consuming process of cutting and polishing. the secre... read more 2/7/2011  top five loose diamond myths debunking the top five loose diamond myths myth: when looking at a loose diamonds, your eye first notices the color grade of the stone, so that is the most important factor when choosing a loose diamond reality: when you see a loose diamond, your eye perceives every facet of the stone’s quality at once—as one cohesive aesthetic judgment. therefore cut quality is of key importance. if a diamond is cut well, it will be very difficult for you to tell the difference in diamond color&n... read more 12/21/2010  10 things you need to know about round diamond certification 10 things you need to know about round diamond certification ags platinum certificate 1.  the two most respected and trusted gemological laboratories in the world for diamond certification are the gia (gemological institute of america) gem trade laboratory and the ags (american gem society) laboratory. the ags was established by the founders of the gia. 2.  the gia is the most well-known lab having developed the color and clarity grading system used today throughout the world.&... read more 10/2/2010  journey from the center of the earth: from mine to ring journey from the center of the earth: from mine to ring long before it was set in gold and sparkling on your finger, that diamond was nothing more than a lump of coal lying deep beneath the earth’s surface. at a depth of about 100 miles below the earth’s surface, under tremendous heat and pressure, the diamonds begin to form when the carbon forms eight-sided crystals. the intensity of the heat and pressure forms strong atomic bonds within the crystal, giving the diamon... read more 9/10/2010  in an ideal world: all about the ideal round cut in an ideal world: all about the ideal round cut everyone knows about the four c’s of diamond grading—carat weight, clarity, cut and color. most of these are relatively straightforward—you want to buy the stone with the best grades your budget will allow. but cut, the most important characteristic of your diamond, is a little more difficult to understand. cut does not refer to the shape of your diamond, a common misconception, but the quality of the cutting of th... read more 9/3/2010  your guide to buying loose diamonds: the top ten diamond shapes part ii the top ten diamond shapes part ii when you buy a loose diamond, you are focused exclusively on the diamond itself: its clarity, carat weight, color and cut. the term “cut” can refer to two features of diamond quality—the shape or the quality of the cutting of the diamond, i.e. the “cut quality”. both are important elements to look at when selecting a loose diamond for purchase. the top ten diamond shapes comprise almost all the diamond jewelry you will find, and when buying a loose diamond, c... read more 9/2/2010  your guide to buying loose diamonds: the top 10 shapes you didn’t know part i the top five shapes you didn’t know oval oval diamond when buying a loose diamond, the oval shape is a great choice because oval diamonds can be used in many settings and styles of jewelry. they are often found in rings and necklaces with intricate settings and multiple stones, although they can work well in simple designs as well.... read more whiteflash.com praised for conflict free diamond site one american jeweler determined to address africa’s continued suffering has introduced a conflict-free diamond pendant. online diamond retailer whiteflash.com along with the world centers of compassion for children international (wccci) launched an initiative in which 100 percent of proceeds from conflict-free diamond pendant go to wccci. “whiteflash.com has some of the finest ethically produced designer bridal jewelry available,” said debi wexler, president of whiteflash.com and confl... read more whiteflash.com shares diamond expertise with washington post whiteflash.com: the diamond & engagement ring experts a unique gift from nature loose diamonds are both the most magical and versatile of nature’s creations, and have fascinated mankind for over four thousand years. they reflect powerful values of love and commitment, and have contributed significantly to scientific and economic progress—from their use in industrial manufacturing and construction, to the development of intricate surgical instruments. today, an estimated 10 million pe... read more 12/14/2009  lean financial times gives boost to purchase of higher quality goods for holidays according to a recent poll by the national retail federation, “53% of americans say they will be spending less money this holiday season.”  being in the throws of such challenging economic times, it’s hard to fathom that people are even thinking of shopping for the upcoming holiday. well think again! as the great musician kerry king said, “the show must go on”— and so it will, just a little more fine tuned. this upcoming holiday people are not totally swearing off of... read more 12/14/2009  loose diamonds are going green in 2010 | whiteflash loose diamonds are going green in 2010 the year 2009 is almost upon us and as with every year, a new day brings a new jewelry trend. jewelry is going green this year and natural material will top the list of must haves. conflict free diamonds and green materials will reign on the top of the jewelry list and wearing them will be all about drowning yourself in accessories. the 2010 fashion trend for jewelry offers a sort of celebration for mother earth and this celebration is nothing less than huge.... read more budgeting for your diamond purchase budgeting (the 5th c:  cost) you may have heard suggestions about that the appropriate sum to spend on a diamond is based upon your salary. you should disregard such advice and spend what you are comfortable spending. the experience will be much more pleasurable if you set a budget and work within it. there are small compromises that can be made to fit a nice looking diamond into almost any budget. in each of the sections on the four c's we give advice on getting the best bang for the buck. they are compiled below fo... read more 10 diamond cuts and their meanings 10 diamond cuts and their meanings from classic hearts and arrows round diamond to cutting-edge cushion cut, rate your sparkler with our savvy diamond guide. pear oval asscher r... read more diamond clarity grading | whiteflash diamond clarity the subject of diamond clarity is an interesting one. the impurities in diamond create a “fingerprint” that is unique for every diamond. in that regard they are quite helpful in providing identifying characteristics. and while there are many types of diamond inclusions, and they are the subject of much interest and discussion on the part of diamond shoppers, the practical impact of many diamond clarity grades on diamond beauty is surprisingly small! the gia (gemological institute of amer... read more diamond color guide from whiteflash | d, e, f, g, h, i, and j color diamonds diamond color a diamond’s color impacts both its appearance and its value. the diamond color grading scale is a continuum of color intensities ranging from colorless to obviously tinted.   the color grades are very small increments along this continuum starting at d and progressing to z. this is known as the “normal range” of diamond color. colors beyond z are referred to as “fancy colors” and are graded in a completely different way.   in general, diamond val... read more diamond cut - whiteflash diamond cut cut quality is the only diamond value factor that is the result of human input. this vital factor may be the most difficult to understand because it is the most technical, but gaining a basic understanding of diamond cut is important in making a wise buying decision.  cut refers to the proportioning, alignment and finish of a diamond's polished faces or facets.  proper cutting enables a diamond to perform at its best and release its full potential for fire and brilliance. a well cut diamond will be mor... read more diamond carat weight diamond carat of the commonly referred to “4 c’s” of diamond quality, “carat” is one of the first things mentioned when talking about diamonds. while it is the most basic physical attribute of a diamond, there are some important things that you should know to fully understand the first “c”- diamond carat. diamond carat weight carat is a measure of weight.  the weight of a diamond is expressed in carats. this term comes from ancient times wh... read more 10/6/2009  getting the best bling for your buck! the term “bling” is everywhere these days, but it’s nothing more than a slang term referring to flashy or elaborate jewelry. it may seem like an easy task to determine whether a stone has been cut well because it will sparkle, right? when purchasing diamonds or any precious stones, be wary of low-quality inventory that retailers are trying to pass off as high-quality choices. but don’t worry. whiteflash.com is dedicated giving you a true diamond education through our extensive online lib... read more 10/6/2009  not sure what jewelry to give? here's what’s appropriate it’s one of the toughest questions around holidays, birthdays, anniversaries... what type of jewelry is appropriate for the length of time we’ve been dating? there’s no easy answer, and pitfalls are everywhere. how much do you spend? do you go with a necklace or a bracelet? is giving earrings tacky? and the longer you’ve been dating, the question always becomes: “do i buy a ring ever, especially when she’s expecting that ring...?” so i turned to debi wexler, one of the... read more how do i know if my diamond is conflict free? so what can you do to make sure you are doing the socially responsible thing when you say "i do" with the diamond you purchase?  find out where your jeweler stands on the issue of conflict diamonds. even before the release of the movie blood diamonds socially conscious couples have been actively searching for conflict free diamonds for their engagement and wedding rings. conflict diamonds are those which have been used by illigitimate rebel groups to fund devastating civil... read more 10/6/2009  what are some questions i can ask jewelers about conflict free diamonds? what is the kimberly process? the kimberly process – created in 2003– is a voluntary, self-regulated system that established standards for certifying diamonds. a diamond with a kimberly certificate guarantees that sales of that diamond did not go to finance a civil war. you can also feel good in knowing that 100% of whiteflash’s dreams of africa collection profits go to communities impacted by the jewelry trade (wccci). some initial questions to ask a jeweler regarding conflict diamonds are: what are your co... read more 10/1/2009  engagement ring shopping: manswers! popping the question is tough, but finding a diamond engagement ring she’s been dreaming about can be tougher!  the time has come for the man to make the most important purchase of his life and the options are girly?  we’re not talking about his next sports car, we’re talking about the engagement ring for the woman he is settling down for. if you’ve spent any time looking for rings, you will notice the entire experience is usually very uncomfortable for men.  many j... read more a better bling without blood diamond you are looking for a diamond with a good cause. you’re a diamond lover. you’ve got countless pieces of jewelry studded with diamonds. you are looking to find an engagement ring with the right cause. you are one of those people who just can’t resist the glitter and brilliance that goes with a diamond. then you learn about the existence of blood diamonds. your world is suddenly turned upside down. that may be a satiric narrative but the subject is dead serious. blood diamonds are u... read more 10/1/2009  a groom’s guide to wedding rings | whiteflash a groom’s guide to wedding rings the last thing a groom thinks about is his wedding ring. it’s the poor cousin to his bride’s spectacular diamond engagement ring. that said, the groom’s wedding ring is the one indicator that this man has a gorgeous wife somewhere, possibly on his arm. the great news is that a groom and bride’s wedding rings are the one item in a wedding that don’t cost a fortune. in this article, whiteflash.com covers what a man needs to know about the most important... read more budget friendly engagement rings budget friendly engagement and wedding rings it’s proposal season and many future grooms were wondering how to pop the question without blowing their bank account (especially since the average engagement rings costs $4,225). debi wexler, ceo of whiteflash.com, is here to show you some recession-friendly engagement ring  trends-after all, you’ll want to save that money for the big day. alternative metals • platinum and gold are the go-to metals for wedding ri... read more laboratory cut grades: what the report doesn't show laboratory cut grades: what the report doesn't show by john pollard think of a drum. at this moment different people reading this article have conjured up different drums in their minds. for example, snare drum, conga, timpano/diamonds_info. but each is made differently, sounds different from the other and can be tuned in different ways. therefore, we must use more than the word “drum” to communicate specifics. in school young percussionists learn the different ‘makes... read more cyber bling: tips for online diamond shopping i’ll confess: i have an online shopping habit. i’ve spent many an evening pouring over the pages of zappos.com while sipping chardonnay. too many sips, and 4-5 business days later i end up with some really peculiar and definitely impractical shoes delivered right to my front door. this is why i only drink-and-shop in cyber-stores that offer free shipping and have a very relaxed return policy. my husband has the male version of an internet shopping fetish, which drove him to impulse-purchase a new car on... read more 6/1/2009  engagement ring styles 2 engagement ring styles diamond three stone rings this style was previously pitched as an anniversary wedding ring with the three stones symbolizing a couple's past, present and future. in recent years, its popularity as an engagement ring has skyrocketed. the romantic symbolism here can't be beat — the sparkling triplets are a testament to the couple's confidence that their union will be a long and happy one. whether you choose side stones that match the carat weight and shape of the center solitair... read more 4/28/2009  love has gone platinum love has gone platinum two people, three platinum rings. select the pure, rare and eternal qualities of platinum for your three bridal rings – the engagement ring, which represents the promise of marriage, and the two wedding bands, signifying a lifelong commitment of marriage. these three rings will be worn every day as a symbol of what you mean to one another. platinum is usually 90-95% pure, which means you’re not only getting more of what you are paying for, you’ll be wearing something pure,... read more diamond solitaire engagement rings diamond rings on you mind? does your lover cherish solitaire rings? here are tips on choosing a beautiful ring for your lover. like most other purchases, start your search by browsing the net for your purchase. here are some useful tips on comparing and buying diamond jewelry online. diamond rings what is the most exciting diamond rings style on the market? perhaps, the most elegant rings are diamond solitaire rings in popular styles include the basket, trellis, cathedral, bezel set and of course th... read more hearts & arrows: the ideal cut diamond when measuring the quality and value of a diamond, the 4c's are common analyzed components. the cut, color, clarity, and carat weight are not only referenced when shopping for a diamond, but they are routine measurements of quality and value. many people wonder what is the most important detail, what factor determines the brightness and the eye-catching appeal of a diamond? most jewelers would agree it's the cut. when faced with the dilemma of compromising certain characteristics, never think of compromising the cu... read more ideal diamonds: king of cut the ideal cut diamond has remained the undisputed "king of cut" in the diamond world for decades.  it has long been heralded for its ideal balance of maximum reflection and dispersion.  however, in the last twenty years or so, some ideal manufacturers began to drift away from the strict proportions prescribed by marcel tolkowski.  the reasons for this evolution revolve around yield (trying to get a diamond with more carat weight), big price jumps between size categories i.e.... read more diamond anniversary rings anniversary wedding bands diamond anniversary rings are a popular gift from husbands to wives, regardless of whether they are celebrating their first or their fiftieth anniversary. when selecting an appropriate ring, however, couples should take care to find a quality piece that symbolizes their ongoing love and commitment. styles of diamond anniversary rings just as there are many different engagement ring designs, there are also many styles of anniversary rings. choosing a diamond ring provides continu... read more 2/23/2009  the perfect diamond ring all i need is the diamond ring, a perfect one, so perfect she wouldn't say no! after all, diamonds are girl's best friend (a song featuring marilyn monroe). how much should i spend? where do i buy it? what kind of ring/diamond should i buy for her? the easiest way to shop for a ring would be internet i.e. online shopping. it gives a lot of options, beyond the regular established brands like de beers. but first of all, let's see a few basic aspects: color, cut, carat and clarity, known as 4 c's of a diamon... read more what is aset? what you see in the aset. the angular spectrum evaluation tool (or aset) is used in the new ags grading system for light performance assessment. light performance assessment is 1 of 3 sub-grades in the overall cut grade category. before making summary judgments it is important to note the weighting of the aset and the single view it offers: using the desktop or handheld model you see just one static view of a diamond. ags will be allowing members... read more why whiteflash does not use brilliantscope the brilliance scope analyzer is a tool that purports to return values for white light, color light and scintillation in a diamond using an imaging spectrophotometer in a controlled lighting environment. the attractive quality of this machine is the consumer-friendly report it produces:  the results page includes colorized photos and simply stated values.  it is a tool suited for jewelers looking to quantify diamond beauty on paper in a way that the casual shopper may easily comprehend. ... read more about the holloway cut advisor overview the hca is a computer algorithm that predicts light performance of a diamond based on several measurements.  it is a useful tool for rejection, but should not be thought of as absolute.  the best use of hca is to enter measurements and see if it identifies that diamond as an excellent or very good performer. the actual number is meaningless.  for a minute let’s pretend that sarin measurements are completely accurate.  even so, hca does not take into accou... read more 8/6/2007  diamonds: how to tell cz from diamond diamonds: how to tell cz from diamond diamond simulants like cz may be suitable for costume jewelry, and the average person in casual circumstances may not know the difference between a cz and a natural diamond.  however, no professional will be fooled and laymen who would like to know the difference between diamond and cz can try these fun and easy tests. the huff test hold the stone in question next to a diamond and "huff" on them with your hot breath. both stones will fog up. the diamond will cle... read more intro to scintillation studies by agsl scintillation events agsl defines scintillation as “the white or colored sparkles that are seen when the observer and/or the light source and/or the diamond moves.” using their ray-tracing engine and computer muscle the lab is beginning to quantify scintillation events in a diamond by number, location and size. since scintillation is dynamic agsl has started to add animated analysis in planning for future grading systems. click on this link to see a screen capture of a 9mm tolkowsky close to... read more why sarin and lab report numbers don’t always match numbers may differ slightly among devices used to measure diamonds. this is the nature of instrumentation; none is perfect, only more or less precise and accurate. fortunately, differences are so slight that they are insignificant in human terms. official numbers because of their independence and consistency we consider the diamond’s laboratory report to be the “document of authority.” sarin error non-contact scanners like sarin, ogi and helium have a given error. sarin’s error is &plu... read more whiteflash a cut above® and brilliancescope we are sometimes asked how whiteflash a cut above® diamonds perform on machines used by merchants as selling aids. the most popular of these is brilliancescope; in use by several mall jewelry chain stores. * how do whiteflash a cut above® diamonds perform on gemex’s brilliancescope? they achieve the highest ratings. we had the brilliancescope at whiteflash for a trial period and measured 50 diamonds. the results were ideal, and we en... read more color: important information about color appearance color grades are not absolute. two diamonds with the same grade can appear very different, depending on which labs did the grading, cut quality, shape, size and other important particulars. since we don’t wear a tag boasting the color of the diamond it’s important to know what factors may influence the color a viewer will see. laboratory grading it’s most important to know that laboratories don’t enforce the same standards. diamonds graded by the ags and gia are hel... read more 1/22/2007  the final c: choosing your diamond choosing your diamond can be a difficult and personal decision. the most important aspect of choosing a diamond is settling upon a cut and shape that you will love and finding the quality and confirmation that you feel comfortable with. choosing a diamond is as important as learning how to buy a diamond. recognizing the 4 c's when choosing a diamond is essential in finding the perfect diamond to give a lifetime of beauty. it's all about the diamond's cut:  the only one of the 4cs that is within man's control is... read more what is the diamond's culet? the culet is a tiny flat facet that may be put on the bottom of the pavilion of a diamond, parallel to the table facet at the top of the crown. most modern round diamonds have either no culet (also described as pointed or closed), or a very small, or small culet.  large or extremely large culets were common in diamonds cut in the early part of this century, such as the old european or old mine cut. however, such large culets are rarely seen today. for many years all diamonds had the culet facet... read more clarity: what is clarity enhancement? clarity: what is clarity enhancement? clarity enhancement techniques include laser drilling and fracture filling. the ags and gia will not accept fracture-filled diamonds for grading. they will grade laser drilled diamonds but the ftc requires that it be noted on the grading report. whiteflash will not sell clarity or color enhanced diamonds. laser drilling laser drilling was developed in the 1980s. an infrared laser is used to bore fine holes into a diamond in... read more 11/16/2006  diamonds: how do they form? diamonds: how do they form? diamond rough if you look at the chemistry of diamond, it is pure carbon. the different arrangement of the carbon atoms makes it a unique gem. diamonds have been considered precious since ancient times and is popular for their strength, hardness and purity.  but only in the hands of a master diamond cutter does a diamond's sheer beauty become apparent. &nb... read more 11/16/2006  what to wear... diamond jewelry! - whiteflash.com what to wear... diamond jewelry! when the social issues research centre investigated the trends that would define the dawn of the first decade of the 21st century, they found that many people thought of this period as the “decade of fear”, due to the immense media coverage of 9/11, the tsunami and the war on terror. as a result, people are increasingly likely to stay at home, to indulge themselves and to demand everything on their own terms. one great way to combine all three is to treat yourself to gorgeous jew... read more 10/22/2006  whiteflash | loose diamonds for sale - loose diamond search and comparaison loose diamond search and comparison loose diamonds start your ring with our loose diamonds for sale. the diamond will be the ultimate focal point of the ring, so why not begin with its selection process? use our drop-down menu to browse loose diamonds for sale that fit your style and budget. the loose diamond prices of our gems range from low to high depending on what type of gem stone you are looking for. whiteflash.com provides the largest in-house inventory of ideal and super ideal hearts &am... read more 10/22/2006  ideal cut diamonds ideal cut diamonds - the culture of quality the ideal diamond cut is the most important and perhaps the most misunderstood and controversial of the 4cs. diamond dealers refer to cut as make, and it is the only feature of a diamond that can be controlled by man. the craftsmen at whiteflash ensure that every whiteflash a cut above hearts & arrows diamond attains the height of beauty and workmanship and therefore sells only perfectly cut round brilliant diamonds. precision cutting is required to maximize... read more color: what is color enhancement? warning:  coatings coatings are not permanent and are typically done to deceive the buyer. the diamond may be coated with a substance to mask yellowish tint or have an area of dark ink painted strategically under the setting to counteract the yellowish color. some coatings may be applied with heat but will eventually rub off with normal wear and cleaning. color enhancement the most well-known color enhancements are hpht and irradiation. although color enhanced diamonds may be acc... read more color differences in diamonds the differences between descending nuances of color in diamonds are subtle and can be influenced by things like fluorescence and the quality of the diamond’s cut - especially in rounds.  a well-cut near-colorless (ghij) round can have a face-up appearance as good or better than colorless (def) rounds of average cut.  with well-cut rounds the face-up differences between near-colorless diamonds (ghij) are particularly subtle.  descending colors in fancy shapes are not as influenced by goo... read more understanding the new ags cut grading system all text and images copyright 2005 american gem society. reproduced with permission. -------------------------------------------------------------------------------- understanding the new ags cut grading system by peter yantzer, cg jck show thursday, june 2, 2005. 10:30 to 11:30 am in room 105 -------------------------------------------------------------------------------- sit back, relax, enjoy, absorb this presentation is... read more what hearts & arrows patterning does for a diamond what hearts & arrows patterning does for a diamond all ideal cut round diamonds will have robust light return.  the benefit of hearts and arrows patterning reveals itself in differing lighting conditions and surroundings, particularly in softer conditions. bright, direct light makes any diamond perform well, particularly the spotlighting you see in common jewelry stores.  these overhead spotlights are designed to maximize brilliance and fire in order to sell any diamond.&... read more what is an ags 000 or 'triple zero?' ags 0, ags 000 and ags triple zero - ideal cut diamonds the american gem society laboratory (agsl) uses a 0-10 grading scale with 0 being the best (ideal). this scale applies to color and clarity grades as well as cutting factors. traditionally ags triple zero diamonds were diamonds receiving grades of zero in cut, zero in color, and zero in clarity on a diamond quality document. - cut grade: ags 0 (ideal) - color grade: ags 0 (d) - clarity grade: ags 0 (if or flawless) thus, a tradi... read more 10/9/2006  what’s so super about superideal diamonds? superideal diamonds are all about maximized performance.  one huge benefit is crown and pavilion angles close to tolkowsky’s, meaning the best true ideal cut.  once those proportions are reached, this is where most cutters of “ideal” diamonds stop.  superideal diamonds go even deeper. when our superideal diamonds are cut we use extra rough and extra time spent to get precise three-dimensional optical symmetry, where every facet is brought into optimum alignment with its opposite. ... read more 9/19/2006  whiteflash diamond rating whiteflash ratings indicate quality/value based on available measurements, polish & symmetry grades and performance data balanced with the price of the diamond. our team has over a combined century of diamond cutting, lab grading, appraisal and professional education experience. all in-house diamonds have been analyzed firsthand. outside diamonds available to us are rated based on available information (we cannot guarantee details of outside diamonds). 5 sta... read more 9/17/2006  a cut above® princess super ideal diamonds a cut above® princess super ideal diamond joining the extraordinary a cut above® round hearts and arrows in the whiteflash “royal family” is the a cut above® princess. it is the absolute “best of the best” in terms of cut quality and light performance, delivering unparalleled fire, brilliance and scintillation in a princess cut diamond. to achieve the distinction of a cut above® princess, a diamond must first be certified by the american gem society... read more visible perfection - hearts & arrows diamonds visible perfection - hearts & arrows diamonds whiteflash a cut above® hearts & arrows diamonds are cut so precisely that their facet reflections overlap at a microscopic level, creating a kaleidoscopic pattern of hearts seen in the pavilion and arrows seen in the crown of the diamond.  a reflective viewer provides concrete evidence of total optical symmetry, and superb cut. the pictures below display the actual representation of the top and bottom view of an whiteflash a... read more beware of phony hearts and arrows diamonds | whiteflash.com beware of phony hearts and arrows diamonds many retail and e-tail stores claim to sell hearts and arrows diamonds. some of them may well be, but many are not. just because a diamond is cut to ideal proportions with an ags0 does not mean that it will exhibit a crisp hearts and arrows pattern. in addition to being ideal, the diamond has to have super symmetry - where all the angles and facets have to be perfect. a perfectly cut hearts and arrows diamond ... read more diamond grading hearts & arrows diamonds hearts & arrows formation and grading in april 2004 whiteflash presented our diamond grading system for hearts & arrows optical symmetry at the first international diamond cut conference in moscow, russia. it was hoped that laboratories and peers would unite to adopt higher standards for diamond sold as "hearts & arrows." though most  laboratories do not offer a grade for hearts & arrows, whiteflash does, thereby safeguarding buyers of the a cut above® brand w... read more 9/13/2006  introduction to hearts & arrows diamonds according to gia study of over 60,000 diamonds less than 3% could satisfy ideal proportions. only one per million diamonds can be called a true hearts and arrows diamond. hearts & arrows is the term used for superideal cut diamonds that exhibit a complete and precise hearts & arrows pattern. hearts & arrows diamonds have three distinguishing factors – perfection in polish, symmetry, and proportion. this effect is attained when all the facets are precisely aligned and the diamonds are cut and polished to... read more how hearts & arrows diamonds are formed how hearts & arrows diamonds are formed hearts & arrows formation and grading in april 2004 whiteflash presented its grading system for hearts & arrows optical symmetry at the first international diamond cut conference in moscow, russia. it was hoped that laboratories and peers would unite to maintain higher standards for manufacture of diamond sold as "hearts & arrows." though most laboratories do not offer a grade for hearts & arrows, whiteflash does, thereby safeguarding buyers o... read more 8/31/2006  visual balance in diamonds…literally whiteflash out cuts the competition with its exclusive brand of true hearts & arrows diamonds all diamonds sparkle, but none like the whiteflash a cut above® which is the leading h&a diamond sold exclusively on the internet, and remains the only h&a diamond with a guarantee of true optical symmetry. available at the company’s e-store, www.whiteflash.com, whiteflash  a cut above® diamonds exhibit one-of-a-kind optical symmetry, whereby all of the dia... read more 8/24/2006  princess with a twist! welcome x-factor®, the newest expert selection diamond from whiteflash.com:  a modern version of our traditional princess cut diamond, this chic square has "clipped" corners, at the points which improve durability and increase visible size for carat weight.  securely seated under your setting’s prongs, the clipped corners  protect often-vulnerable points.  cut for reliable, blazing performance, x-factor® is well-suited for dynamic, active people who love the appealing look of a s... read more diamond care although diamonds are the hardest substance known on earth, they require care to preserve their brilliance. diamonds have a great affinity to oils. exposure during ordinary wear can dull the surface of a diamond. for example, lotions, cooking oil and products etc. regular cleaning is important in keeping the diamond brilliant and refractive. to restore the original luster, brilliance and fire of your diamond, soak it overnight in a solution of hand dishwash liquid and warm water. remove it and gently brush... read more craftmanship | whiteflash.com craftmanship the craftsmen of whiteflash a cut above possess numerous years of experience in crafting whiteflash a cut above® hearts & arrows diamonds to perfection. they possess the experience and expertise to deliver superideal hearts & arrows diamonds to you. fine precision, rigid standards and perfected cutting techniques produce diamonds that excel in brilliance, fire and scintillation. the average round brilliant diamond - approximately 97% of the worlds total prod... read more diamond carat weight diamond carat weight not to be confused with “carrots”, the crunchy orange vegetables that bugs bunny loves to eat, a “carat” refers to the weight of a diamond. as mae west put it; “i never worry about diets, the only carrots that interest me are the number of carats in a diamond.” diamond carat weight is only one of the commonly known “4-c’s” (clarity, color, cut, carat) of diamonds, but it is probably the one people are the most familiar with. it is the sim... read more 8/23/2006  the 4 cs - clarity almost all diamonds have natural characteristics called inclusions.  inclusions are formed during crystallization.  some are microscopic and cannot be seen with the naked eye.  the clarity grade indicates how clean or included a diamond is under extreme scrutiny. clarity grading f and if mean the diamond is flawless or internally flawless when examined by a trained professional under 10 power magnification.  such diamonds are very rare and are costly. vvs1 and... read more 8/23/2006  the 4 cs - diamond color diamond color even though they are transparent, most diamonds contain some hint of color.  this is caused by the presence of nitrogen in the earth where they formed.   diamond color grading is done on a scale of d to z. d is ‘icy-white.’ these diamond are the most colorless and most rare, so they are considered most valuable.  there are 23 descen... read more the 4 cs - cut analysis diamond cut- the most important of the 4 c's there are two approaches used to analyze diamond cut quality. proportion assessment utilizes a 2 dimensional approach that takes the outer measurements of a diamond and predicts how it will handle light. performance assessment measures the actual light output of the diamond and compares it to established standards. the gemological institute of america (gia) grades the cut of round diamonds only. the gia system consists of 5 grades: excellen... read more 8/23/2006  the 4 cs - cut information cut is the most important aspect of diamond beauty.  it is the only factor controlled by man, but for many years it has been the least discussed.  here you will learn what details have the most impact on a diamond’s beauty and more importantly, how to find this information. the importance of cut grading cut refers to more than just a diamond’s shape.  it refers to more than depth, table, polish and symmetry.&n... read more 8/23/2006  the 5th c - confirmation before internet sales existed, shoppers always viewed diamonds under blazing jewelry store lights. in many ways diamonds sold themselves. grading reports to confirm pedigree were afterthoughts. on the internet, the opposite is true: the online shopper is offered confirmation of performance and pedigree before ever seeing the diamond live. it’s a complete reversal. at whiteflash we provide enough proof and documentation for you to make a completely confident buying decision before you see the premium diamond we are s... read more 8/23/2006  what if my diamond breaks while you are setting or working with it? such accidents are extremely rare and you are covered financially by our insurance should any damage occur. as a gesture of goodwill we might offer replacement options or re-cutting services, at our discretion (these terms apply to in-house diamonds only).... read more upper girdle facet an upper girdle facet is one of the 16 facets found on the lower crown portion of the diamond (abutting the girdle).... read more well cut well cut proportions ensure the maximum compromise between fire and brilliance. when light enters a properly cut diamond, it is reflected from facet to facet, and then back up through the top, exhibiting maximum brilliance, fire and sparkle.... read more tolkowsky, marcel in 1919 marcel tolkowsky calculated the best theoretical compromise for the cut of a diamond to release the most beauty. the width of the table facet was found to be 53% of the total width of the stone, with a pavilion angle of 40 degrees and 45 degrees. the tolkowsky cut provides the basis for the modern american cut.... read more treated diamond fancy color treatment: a diamond with a body color induced by some form of artificial irradiation, often in conjunction with controlled heating (known as annealing). other possible treatments of diamonds are: coating, fracture filling, spot bleaching by laser, electromagnetic conduction, whitening by extreme pressure and heat, etc.... read more trillion cut trillion is a triangular cut of diamond.... read more twinning wisp a cloudy area produced by crystal structure distortion, usually associated with twinning planes.... read more yag yttrium aluminum garnet. a modern simulant or imitation of a natural diamond.... read more 8/9/2006  loupe a small magnifying glass usually set in an eyepiece and used chiefly by watchmakers and jewelers.  power is usually 10x.... read more simulant also called: imitation. any diamond-like material, either natural or artificial, that is marketed as a “look-alike” for a natural diamond. i.e. glass, zirconium, yag, ggg, moissanite, etc.... read more single cut a very small round diamond with only 16 or 17 facets, instead of the normal 57 or 58 facets of a full cut round brilliant diamond. single cut diamonds are occasionally used for pavé jewelry and other jewelry that utilizes numerous small diamonds set closely together.... read more spread stone a diamond with a large table and a thin crown height.... read more star facet one of the eight triangular facets found on the upper crown section (next to the table) of a brilliant-cut diamond.... read more step cut step cut the step cut diamond has rows of facets that resemble the steps of a staircase. the emerald cut diamond and the baguette diamond are examples of the step cut.... read more surface graining surface indication of structural irregularity. may resemble faint facet junction lines, or cause a grooved or wavy surface, and often cross facet junctions.... read more symmetry a diamond's symmetry is the arrangement of the facets and finished angles, created by the diamond cutter. excellent symmetry of a well-cut and well-proportioned diamond can have a great effect on the diamond's brilliance and fire. grading reports will often state the diamond's symmetry in terms excellent, very good, good, fair, or poor.... read more table the largest facet which sits on top of a diamond. this is where most of the light enters and exits a diamond.... read more table spread term used to describe the width of the table facet, often expressed as a percentage of the total width of the stone.... read more tension setting a tension-set diamond is held in place by the pressure of the band’s metal, which is designed to “squeeze” the stone.... read more proportions the proportions of a diamond are very important, so that the maximum amount of light be reflected off and out of a stone. proportion is the relationship between the angles of the facets of the crown and pavilion.... read more radiant cut a radiant cut diamond combines the generally square length-to-width ratios of an emerald-cut with the triangular faceting of a brilliant-cut. this fancy-shaped diamond has trimmed corners which make the diamond very versatile.... read more rough girdle a grainy or pitted girdle surface, often with nicks.... read more royal asscher cut royal asscher cut diamonds are patented (2002) and are cut exclusively by the asscher family in amsterdam. the asscher family insignia and a unique identification number is inscribed on each diamond. "royal asscher" is different from simple "asscher" diamonds by having an additional 16 facets (74 as opposed to 58). ... read more saturation a color's position on a neutral to vivid scale. the most desirable gemstones, which show very little gray or brown, are often described as having vivid or strong color saturation.... read more scintillation scintillation is sparkle. the tiny flashes of light noticeable in a diamond when the observer moves his/her head. scintillation may also be described as the flashes of brilliance and dispersion (reflected white light and colored flashes or fire) that are seen in a diamond when either the observer or the diamond is moving.  thus scintillation may be witnessed when the observer moves his or her head or from across the room as a person walks by with their diamond ring.... read more shallow cut cut refers to the angles and proportions a skilled craftsman creates in transforming a rough diamond into a finished diamond. when a diamond is cut too shallow, it will lose or leak light through the side or bottom. this results in less brilliance and value.... read more shape there are eight common diamond shapes. they are round, marquise, pear, oval, heart, princess, radiant, emerald, and trillion. the round is the most popular diamond shape (the rest are called "fancy-shaped"). there are also other diamond shapes created and sold by manufacturers.... read more off make a poorly proportioned diamond.... read more old european cut early round cut diamond similar to the round brilliant cut, but carrying a very small table and heavy crown. not as popular today because it does not return the same brilliance as the modern brilliant.... read more oval cut oval cut is a cut of diamond in an oval shape. oval cut diamonds are very popular and range in shape from nearly round to very elongated. ... read more pavé from the french word for pavement - a style of diamond jewelry setting in which numerous small diamonds are mounted close together to create a glistening diamond crust that covers the whole piece of jewelry and obscures the metal under it.... read more pavilion main facets the pavilion main facets are the eight facets found on the pavilion of a round brilliant diamond. their points touch the girdle.... read more pear cut this fancy-shaped brilliant-cut diamond has a rounded end and a single point and forms the shape of a pear or tear-drop.... read more pinpoints miniscule spots internal to a diamond. a cluster of pinpoints can form a cloud.... read more points a unit of measurement , one point is 1/100th of a carat. for example, a 1/4 carat diamond weighs 25 points.... read more polish indicates the care taken by the cutter in shaping and faceting the rough stone into a finished and polished diamond.... read more polish lines tiny parallel lines left by polishing. fine parallel ridges confined to a single facet, caused by crystal structure irregularities, or tiny parallel polished grooves produced by irregularities in the scape surface.... read more polish mark surface clouding caused by excessive heat (also called burn mark, or burned facet), or uneven polished surface resulting from structural irregularities.... read more poor cut cut refers to the angles and proportions a skilled craftsman creates in transforming a rough diamond into a finished diamond. a poorly cut diamond can be either cut too deep or too shallow. a deep or shallow cut diamond will lose or leak light through the side or bottom. this results in less brilliance and value. ... read more princess cut the princess-cut is considered more popular than the other square diamond shapes. a princess cut is a square cut diamond with pointed corners.... read more irradiated diamond a diamond that has been exposed to radiation.... read more knot an included diamond crystal that reaches the surface of a polished diamond.... read more length-to-width ratio a comparison of how much longer a diamond is than it is wide. it is used to analyze the outline of fancy shape diamonds only; it is never applied to round diamonds. there's really no such thing as an 'ideal' ratio; it's simply a matter of personal aesthetic preferences. for example, while many people are told that a 2 to 1 ratio is best for a marquise cut diamond, most people actually tend to prefer a ratio of around 1.80 to 1 when they actually look at marquise diamonds. and though the standard accepted range for the l... read more laser drill hole a laser drill hole is a tiny tube created in a diamond by laser drilling, which is often done to treat diamonds.... read more laser drilling laser drilling is a diamond enhancement technique whereby a laser is used to drill to an inclusion which is then bleached to enhance the diamond’s appearance.... read more laser identification a microscopic inscription by a laser on a diamond for identification. can be the diamond certificate number, a message, brand name and number or otherwise.... read more lower girdle facet the lower girdle facets are the 16 facets on the pavilion of a round brilliant diamond - just below the girdle.... read more marquise cut marquise cut marquise cut is a type of diamond cut.  the elongated diamond shape has two pointed ends. the length of the marquise helps makes fingers appear long and slender.... read more melee small diamonds under .20 carat. usually .10ct diamonds.... read more mixed cut this diamond cut has both step cut and brilliant cut facets. mixed cuts combine the beauty of the emerald cut with the sparkle of brilliant cut diamonds.... read more mohs scale the 10-point scale of mineral hardness. diamonds score 10 on mohs scale. the diamond is the hardest of all known natural substances. moh’s hardness scale: 10     diamond 9       corundum 8       topaz 7       quartz 6       orthoclase 5       apatite 4       fluorite 3     &... read more nail head nail head is the name given to a diamond with a deep pavilion that displays a dark center.... read more natural a "natural" is a blemish that can be found on some polished diamonds when some of the rough is left on the diamond. this is often done so the cutter can maximize weight in a diamond. a "natural" is simply part of the original "skin" of the diamond that was left on the diamond instead of being removed during the cutting and polishing process.  what is the "skin" of a diamond?  essentially it is part of the original diamond rough which is the uncut crystal from which a polished... read more needle a very fine, light, elongated inclusion that is usually totally enclosed within the diamond. needle inclusions are generally more subdued than feather inclusions.... read more nick a notch near the diamond's girdle or facet edge.... read more ags cut grading scale ags cut grading scale 0      ideal 1      excellent 2      very good 3-4   good 5-7    fair 8-10  poor... read more abrasions tiny nicks along facet junctions that produce white fuzzy lines instead of sharp crisp facet edges.... read more cleavage the propensity of crystalline minerals, such as diamond, to split in one or more directions either along or parallel to certain planes, when struck by a blow. cleavage is one of the two methods used by diamond cutters to split rough diamond crystals in preparation for the cutting process (sawing is the other method).... read more cloud a grouping of extremely tiny inclusions that is too small to be distinguishable from one another, even under magnification. the result is that, under a microscope, this grouping often looks like a soft transparent cloud inside the diamond. of course, clouds cannot be seen with the naked eye. usually, this sort of inclusion does not significantly impact a diamond's clarity grade.... read more coated diamond a diamond colored by a surface coating, which masks the true body color; the coating may be extensive (entire pavilion, for example), but is more often limited to one or two pavilion facets or a spot on the girdle.... read more color diamonds are graded on a color scale established by the  (gia). the scale ranges from d (colorless) to z (light yellow). fancy colors refer to diamonds with hues like pink, blue, green, yellow and very rarely red. fancy colors are not included in this color scale and are considered extremely rare.... read more buying a diamond: emotional experience or math problem? professionals in the diamond industry hear warnings about "commoditization" at our trade conventions.  we hear the warnings from traditionalists, from sellers and suppliers, from revered industry leaders.  we hear the warnings from some of the most esteemed icons of the diamond industry.  but what does it mean? it is about the reduction of an emotional experience to a mere set of numbers.  that is the concern. for many years diamond cutters were considered c... read more carat (ct.) a unit of diamond weight, equivalent to 200 milligrams, or 0.2 grams (do not confuse with spread). buy loose diamonds at whiteflash.com... read more carat total weight (ct. tw.) the combined carat weight of all diamonds in a piece of jewelry. for example, a three stone diamond ring set with three diamonds, each weighing 1/3 carat, weighs approximately 1 ct. tw. loose diamonds at whiteflash.com... read more certification (diamond) a diamond certificate is a report created by a gemologist or gemological lab. a diamond is analyized under a microscope and as well as other gemological equipment to analyze its dimensions, clarity, cut, color, finish, symmetry and other characteristics.... read more chip a chip or missing piece in a diamond.  can be caused in cutting, from a sharp blow or even by normal "wear and tear". some diamond chips can result in considerable weight loss during the cutting process. diamond chips are harder to see the better the clarity grade.... read more clarity clarity is the degree to which a diamond is free from blemishes/inclusions. clarity is graded on a scale from flawless (fl) to imperfect (i). if = internally flawless vvs1 = very very slightly included 1 vvs2 = very very slightly included 2 vs1 = very slightly included 1 vs2 = very slightly included 2 si1 = slightly included 1 si2 = slightly included 2 si3 = slightly included 3 i1 = imperfect 1 i2 = imperfect 2 i3 = imperfect 3 ... read more crown the crown is the part of the diamond that is above the girdle. it consists of the table and the crown facets below it.... read more crown angle the angle at which a diamond's bezel facets (or, on emerald cuts, the row of concentric facets) intersect the girdle plane. this gentle slope of the facets that surround the table is what helps to create the dispersion, or fire, in a diamond. white light entering at the different angles in broken up into its spectral hues, creating a beautiful play of color inside the diamond. the crown angle also helps to enhance the brilliance of a diamond.... read more crown height crown height refers to the height between the girdle and table.... read more crown height percentage the crown height percentage is the crown height expressed as a percentage of the average girdle diameter.... read more cubic zirconium (cz) a widely used simulant, often used as an imitation for a natural diamond. cz, although easy detectable by its 80% higher weight than a diamond of the same proportions or by thermal conductivity testing, does often fool lay persons.... read more culet the diamond's culet is usually the smallest (58th) facet at the bottom of a full-cut diamond. some diamonds do not have a culet (none or pointed is how the culet of that diamond will be described).... read more cushion diamond shape | whiteflash cushion diamond shape cushion is a shape of diamond. a "cushion cut diamond" is squarish - rectangular in shape with rounded corners and 58 brilliant-style facets that kind of resembles a pillow in shape, hence the name/diamonds_info. cushion cut diamonds were developed about a hundred years ago when diamonds were ground down to the desired shape instead of being cleaved or sawn by laser and thus older cushion cut diamonds were lumpy and thick which resulted in blocky patterns of light ret... read more deep cut cut refers to the angles and proportions a skilled craftsman creates in transforming a rough diamond into a finished diamond. when a diamond is cut too deep, it will lose or leak light through the side or bottom. this results in less brilliance and value.... read more depth depth is the distance between the table and the culet as measured in millimeters.... read more depth percentage on a diamond grading report, you will see two different measurements of the diamonds depth-the actual depth in millimeters (under "measurements" at the top of the report) and the depth percentage, which expresses how deep the diamond is in comparison to how wide it is. this depth percentage of a diamond is important to its brilliance and value, but it only tells part of the story. where that depth lies is equally important to the diamond's beauty; specifically, the pavilion should be just deep enough to allow light... read more diamcalc diamcalc is a software program for modeling cut gemstones. it can be used to assess a diamonds appearance before, during or after it has been cut. it allows for a number of lighting environments to model the diamond in and report on like disco view, jewelry shop viewand ideal-scope view. the software can be used with scanners like the octonus helium and the sarin diavision. once a diamond is scanned it can be saved as a file that can be opened in free gemadviser software. it is easily emailed to anyone or even placed online... read more diamond a diamond is the hardest known natural substance. it is crystallized carbon. diamonds are mined in their rough form and then cut and polished to reveal their brilliance.... read more extra facet a facet placed without regard for symmetry and not required by the cutting style.... read more face-up appearance the overall appearance of a diamond when it is viewed from the top. the description factors include the brightness, fire, and scintillation of the diamond in both fixed and tilted positions. this is a component of the cut grade, as determined by the gia.  with regard to color some may ask "does the diamond 'face-up' white?"... read more facet the flat polished planes on a diamond or gemstone. accurate facets are a primary factor in the amount of sparkle and fire a diamond displays.... read more cutting styles cutting styles are different than diamond shapes. the simplest and most common way to explain cutting style is to categorize it into the following three basic types: step-cut, brilliant-cut and mixed-cut.... read more diamond cutting the method by which a rough diamond that has been mined from the earth is shaped into a finished, faceted stone. as a first step, cleaving or sawing is often used to separate the rough into smaller, more workable pieces that will each eventually become an individual polished gem. next, bruting grinds away the edges, providing the outline shape (for example, heart, oval or round) for the gem. faceting is done in two steps: during blocking, the table, culet, bezel and pavilion main facets are cut; afterward, the star, upper gi... read more diamond gauge an instrument that is used to measure a diamond's length, width and depth in millimeters.... read more diamond grading report a scientific report from a recognized gemological laboratory that measures and grades a diamond for a fee. used to determine a diamonds value.... read more 8/8/2006  girdle the girdle is the outer edge of a diamond which forms a band around the stone. the girdle can be faceted (32 facets), polished or unpolished. sometimes laser inscriptions are done on the girdle.... read more dispersion dispersion is commonly referred to as "fire".  it is the prismatic effect of light being split or "dispersed" into its spectral component colors.  when light enters a diamond it is refracted and some rainbow colors can often be seen. ... read more fancy shapes any diamond shape other than round – e.g. marquise, square, emerald, oval, heart and pear.... read more feather a separation or break due to either cleavage or fracture, often white and feathery in appearance. it is described often as a small crack, fissure or gletz.... read more finish the word finish is used to describe the exterior of the diamond. if a diamond is well polished, it has a very good finish.... read more fire often a term used instead of “dispersion,” it is the variety and intensity of rainbow colors seen when light is reflected from a diamond.... read more fisheye a girdle reflection from a shallow pavilion shows a white ring just inside the table outline and this is known as a “fisheye” effect.... read more fluorescence when exposed to ultraviolet light, a diamond may exhibit a more whitish, yellowish or bluish tint, which may imply that the diamond has a property called fluorescence. diamond grading reports often state whether a diamond has fluorescent properties. ratings include: none, faint, slight, medium, strong blue. strong blue fluorescence may cause the diamond to appear oily in daylight. fluorescence is not considered a grading factor, only a characteristic of that particular diamond.... read more fracture a crack or feather inclusion on the surface of a gemstone, it can show up as a whitish area because light does not pass through it.... read more fracture filling fracture filling is a diamond enhancement process whereby a cavity in a diamond is filled with an artificial substance. fracture filling is the process of improving the clarity of a diamond by injecting a molten glass like substance into a diamond to fill a crevice which is often the result of the elimination of an inclusion through laser drilling.  the process leaves tell tale traces like the flashes of purple seen in this photograph.... read more included crystal a mineral crystal contained in a diamond.... read more ideal-scope the ideal-scope has a hot red / pink reflector and a lens with which to see just how much of the red / pink light above the diamond is returned to your eye. it is a simple light return gauge; white areas in a diamond show that light can be transmitted from behind the diamond; this is called leakage - the enemy! the darkness of the lens mimics your head blocking out the light. the most brilliant diamonds look bright pink/red. a black star pattern shows the diamond is symmetrical. most ideal cuts have small 'v' shaped white le... read more hearts and arrows a general term when referring to diamonds with a precise and complete pattern of hearts and arrows achieved by perfect cutting proportions.... read more holloway cut advisor (hca) the holloway cut adviser (patent pending) evaluates the visual appearance of a round diamond as a combination of four factors - light return, fire, scintillation and spread. the grading scale is: 0-2 excellent, 2-4 very good, 4-6 good, 6-8 fair, and 8-10 poor. zero is almost impossible; many of the factors conflict. most nice stones rate 1-2. you must know total depth %, table % and crown and pavilion angles which are on ags reports. rounded crown and pavilion %’s are given on some other reports- they are... read more hrd - hoge raad voor diamant an independent gemological grading laboratory in antwerp. known as a reliable and impartial diamond certification location controlled by belgian state authorities.... read more hue pure, spectral (prismatic) color. hues include gradations and mixtures of red, organdy, yellow, green, blue, violet and purple.... read more graduate gemologist a graduate gemologist is the designation given to a person who has successfully completed gia's graduate diamonds diploma program and gia's graduate colored stones diploma program. the program gives people the grading and identification skills needed to become a professional appraiser, buyer, or retailer.... read more grain center a small area of concentrated crystal structure distortion, usually associated with pinpoints.... read more growth or grain lines these can be considered internal flaws, and can often be seen only by rotating the diamond very slowly. they can appear and disappear almost instantaneously. they appear as small lines or planes within the diamond.... read more hardness a diamond's or mineral's resistance to scratching on a smooth surface. mohs scale of relative hardness consists of 10 minerals, each scratching all those below it in scale and being scratched by all those above it.... read more ideal-scope: overview and examples in the 1970s a japanese scientist named okuda developed ways to study diamond light performance using colored reflectors in magnified scopes.  this method of diamond assessment became popular on the internet with garry holloway’s “ideal-scope,” a simple magnifying tube containing a red reflector.  the ideal-scope creates a structured light environment.  when the diamond’s girdle is flush with the bottom of the tube, light entering the crown from above and properly returning to the eye w... read more the princess cut diamond the princess cut diamond "amphora for princess" engagement ring 4 prong princess earrings verragio princess 3 stone ring the princess cut diamond was developed in the 1960s. this square diamond makes use of the brilliant style of diamond cutting rather than traditional step-cut configurations of traditional squares such as the emerald. the extra faceting causes the prince... read more 8/7/2006  facets: the lower halves the pavilion of a round brilliant has two types of facets (not counting a culet if present):  eight pavilion mains and 16 lower girdle facets, also called "lower halves." the pavilion main facets draw light from the highest angles.  these are the engines driving light return. between each of the 8 pavilion mains are 2 lower halves.  in top performing diamonds these lower halves have great influence on the life and character of the performance, particularly if the diamond has g... read more conflict diamonds and the kimberley process as the world's most concentrated, portable and anonymous form of wealth, diamonds make an ideal vehicle to launder money from and raise money for criminal and terrorist operations. throughout the 1990s, murderous rebel factions in angola and sierra leone used their country's diamond riches to buy arms and wage war against legitimate governments. these illicit gems became known as "conflict diamonds" and the jewelry industry was taken to task by human rights groups for not doing enough to stem the... read more cut is king! cut is the component that has the greatest influence on a diamond's appearance.  the assessed color, clarity, polish and symmetry of a stone is important, just as the grading lab which provided that assessment (the ags and gia are most reputable).  but the measurements, or ‘proportions,’ of a diamond tell more about how it will perform than any other surface data. for instance: a diamond of extremely good cut will appear more colorless than a diamond of the same color grade with a... read more 8/6/2006  facets: girdle descriptions and thickness charts the girdle is the outermost edge which dictates the shape of the diamond. unmagnified, it may appear to be a thin line, but is often a small series of facets. grading reports cite type and describe thinnest to thickest points as verbal desriptors or percentages (described below). 1. girdle types a faceted girdle is one where the brillianteer polished facets into the diamond's girdle. an unfaceted, or bruted girdle is one where the diamond's gird... read more 8/6/2006  the radiant cut diamond the radiant cut diamond applications the radiant diamond was introduced in 1977.  it was designed to have the best qualities of both round brilliant and emerald cut diamonds.  the diamond's shape has the outer lines and cut corners of the emerald's crown while enjoying triangular faceting like the round on the pavilion.  this causes it to be an emerald shape with more pin flash sparkle than the traditional step-cut emerald.  it is identified on gia r... read more 8/6/2006  round brilliant diamond facet map the evolution of the round brilliant diamond ... read more 8/6/2006  why does diamond color start with d and not a? actually, some older systems did start with a.  like chicken eggs, there were even grade aa and aaa diamonds. in the 1920s, before the gemological institute of america (gia) introduced its d-z system, color descriptions for diamonds had been developed for purposes of sales, not science.  vague adjectives like canary yellow, white or blue-white were used.  diamond dealers were using 1, 2, 3 or i, ii, iii as well as a, b, c in their grading scales, and... read more whiteflash a cut above® and expert selection: what's the difference? certified diamond - whiteflash categories the top two whiteflash in-house categories can accurately be described as “the best” and “the best of the best” in terms of all–important cut quality. a cut above® our a cut above® brand is a globally recognized super ideal and consists of both round and princess cut diamonds.  rounds are cut to a narrow subset of ags ideal specifications and feature perfect hearts and arrows patterning and optical symmetry. hearts and arrows... read more 8/4/2006  whiteflash a cut above®: about visual balance™ "it’s all in the hearts" this has been whiteflash's assertion since becoming involved in the hearts & arrows diamond movement in the 1990s.  their strong convictions have resulted in his ascension to a position of foremost authority on this elite aspect of diamond cutting. the hearts are the life of light performance in a hearts and arrows diamond.  the pavilion mains are the engines that drive all light return, and the lower girdle facets guide reflec... read more 8/2/2006  should world's gem labs shun synthetic diamonds? a diamond grading report from a recognized gem lab is not just a pedigree but a passport. as more consumers have become aware of certificates, they have insisted on them as objective third-party opinions about the nature and quality of stones they are buying. sale of stones is often dependent on these documents. no paper, no sale. given the importance of certificates to the buying public, de beers and the world's leading diamond trade organizations have tried to get major labs to refrain from issuing them for synthetic (m... read more 8/2/2006  have hearts & arrows diamonds gone square? super ideal cuts are no longer just round. one of the hippest new cuts of the last decade has gone square. thanks to the galloping popularity of the princess cut (a square), at least three major companies have introduced hearts and arrows square cuts—branded, respectively, as the "dream cut," "regent cut," and the "hope." more are on the way. here's why. super ideal cuts possess what is called "optical symmetry." that means that these stones make perfectly matched sets of he... read more colored diamonds are hot for fall! because of price and rarity, colored diamonds have always been an elite product. suddenly, however, they are going mainstream, appearing in hundreds of independent jewelry stores as a new means of differentiation from their discount and chain competition. several factors are contributing to the trend. first: indian and israeli diamond cutters are producing many small yellow, pink and brown diamonds suitable for use in pave, cluster and other multiple-stone settings that use melee. jewellry manufacturers ar... read more 8/2/2006  ags to begin grading princess cuts the american gem society, which has been grading round brilliants for cutting since 1996, will begin to grade fancy cuts in 2005. the first shape for which it will offer what it calls cut quality analysis is the highly popular princess cut, a square shape introduced in 1981 as an alternative to the radiant rectangle cut. as it does with round brilliants, ags will divide its princess cut grade into three parts: light performance, proportion factors and finish—each with a high rating of zero and a low rating of 10. h... read more 8/2/2006  are irradiated diamonds safe to wear? in 1942, scientists at the university of michigan put some diamonds in a cyclotron and zapped them with heavy radiation to produce vivid green stones. after a brief quarantine period during which residual radioactivity disappeared, the world had its first artificially colored diamonds that were safe to wear. these diamonds were purely experimental. commercial stones colored by irradiation weren't introduced in large numbers until the 1950s. and when they were, the market for naturally colored diamonds crash... read more why don’t you use the brilliancescope? gemex, manufacturer of the brilliancescope, admits a built in error of +/-5%, making comparisons of diamonds impossible except on a broad scale. this device was developed for sales, not science, and has no endorsements from laboratories or scientific bodies. the gia and ags have tested and rejected this device.... read more why are aset, ideal-scope and hearts & arrows images more meaningful? aset, ideal-scope and h&a images are proven natural methods of interpreting the performance potential of a diamond with static, natural views. hardware issues, calibrations and software calculation errors inhibit mechanical interpretation of diamond beauty. natural views with these simple and elegant tools have no such error.... read more why do you use gia and ags labs for grading? the gemological institute of america and the american gemological society were both founded by robert shipley in the 1930s. gia’s gem trade laboratory has been grading diamonds since 1939. these organizations are acknowledged as the most reputable diamond grading laboratories in the world. an official gia or ags document increases the value of a diamond. as of 2006 both of these labs are assigning cut grades for round brilliant diamonds. the ags offers a grade for princess cuts as well. the ags began... read more a cut above®: about hearts & arrows a cut above®  : about hearts & arrows a cut above® hearts and arrows super ideal in the 1980s japanese cutters were the first to produce diamonds cut so exactly that facet reflections overlapped, creating kaleidoscopic patterns when seen through reflecting viewers. the techniques spread to other cutting houses and evolved. hearts & arrows (h&a) diamonds reached... read more which hca score is better, 0.1 or 1.9? neither. they are equal indicators of predicted beauty. this is a common misconception, explained in small print on the hca results page: “a score below 2 (excellent) means you have eliminated known poor performers (more than 95% of all diamonds). your own personal preference may be for a diamond with an hca score of 1.5 more rather than one with a lower score of say 0.5.”... read more what are expert selection diamonds? the whiteflash expert selection category contains certified diamonds of outstanding quality. as the name implies these diamonds are selected by our experts for superior light performance and beauty. in order to be considered for expert selection a round brilliant diamond must have been certified as ags triple ideal (triple zero) or by gia as triple excellent, the highest grades for cut quality by the two foremost laboratories in the industry. in addition, expert selection round diamonds must exh... read more what are imagem, brilliancescope and isee? these machines have been developed to measure a diamond’s light output. imagem and brilliancescope are among the most well-known. these devices provide interesting information that may be considered a useful part of the big picture, but they have met resistance from major laboratories and the science community. for this reason they take a backseat to natural reflector assessment.... read more what are sarin, ogi and helium reports? these are all devices used by respected gemological laboratories, vendors and appraisers to arrive at precise measurements for all diamond proportions. some grading reports do not provide every angle and measure but a sarin report does. at whiteflash we feel your investment is worth having such a machine onsite so that we can provide this information for you. if a diamond has a gia report prior to 2006 you can click on its sarin report to get measurements not included on the gia document. ags documents have most of... read more what are your policies for setting diamonds and related charges? if a customer buys the diamond and setting from whiteflash no additional setting charges apply. if a customer buys a diamond from whiteflash and sends in a setting purchased elsewhere there is a setting charge, providing the setting is of an acceptable standard. if adjustments need to be made to the setting to accommodate the diamond additional charges will apply. if a customer buys a ready-made setting from whiteflash we ship the setting but will not set a diamond purchased... read more what is more meaningful - hca numbers or an ideal-scope/aset image? no computer projection is as meaningful as actual assessment of the 'live' test subject, so the ideal-scope image is more telling. if we think of a diamond as a container of visual potential, proportions numbers merely describe the outside of the container, while performance assessment evaluates the actual contents of the container.... read more diamond photos: why are there dark arrows? the bottom-most facets on the diamond (the main pavilion facets) draw their light from the highest angles.  when a hearts & arrows diamond is photographed from directly overhead, these areas will go dark if the camera blocks, or obstructs, the light source.  this is known as obstruction.  the dark areas are, literally, a reflection of the viewer or camera lens in the crown of the diamond. will i see dark arrows in real life? not unless you work hard to... read more 7/25/2006  diamonds: the evolution of the round brilliant diamond 1650: cardinal mazarin designed the first cross-cut diamond, which was the beginning of the brilliant style of cutting. in the early 1700s the portuguese diamond cutter peruzzi refined the first 58 facet brilliant cut. this style slowly evolved throughout the 1800s, known first as the old-mine cut and later as the old-european cut. these cuts still followed the contours of the rough diamond in order to retain as much weight as possible. 1860: henry morse opens a diamond cutting firm in boston. by 1880 he is recutting trad... read more grading lab reports are not created equal diamonds are sent to different grading labs to serve a purpose.  diamond cutters and sellers want to maximize their profits, so they choose their labs strategically.  in the mainstream that decision is not necessarily being made with the objective of providing buyers with the most accurate shopping information. strictness, consistency and information vary between diamond grading labs.  the lab’s client was the manufacturer or seller and the reason they bought that lab’s report was to help them s... read more what is your return policy? | money back guarantee complete satisfaction - money back guarantee return policy the whiteflash mission is to deliver a brilliant diamond buying experience® to each and every customer.  to assure your complete satisfaction we proudly offer a “no questions asked” 30 day money back guarantee on all in-house whiteflash certified diamonds, including diamonds from our a cut above®, expert selection, and premium select categories. the 30 day guarantee also applies to all regu... read more continue shopping at whiteflash.com search diamonds view rings see jewelry view gallery shape any shapes round princess cushion emerald radiant asscher pear marquise oval heart carat - color d e f g h i j k l-z - d e f g h i j k l-z clarity if vvs1 vvs2 vs1 vs2 si1 si2 - if vvs1 vvs2 vs1 vs2 si1 si2 cut ideal excellent verygood good fair - ideal excellent verygood good fair price - search find your ring size solitaire settings three stone settings diamond settings designer rings wedding sets design your ring whiteflash gallery request design wedding bands diamond earrings diamond pendants diamond bracelets right hand rings men's jewelry tacori jewelry whiteflash design anniversary jewelry news diamond education whiteflash books jewelry calendar the perfect fit enter amount: select country australia canada singapore united kingdom alberta british colombia manitoba new brunswick newfoundland northwest territory nova scotia nunavut ontario prince edward island quebec saskatchewan yukon sub total: duty: shipping: total: calculate ? follow us sign up for our newsletter: whiteflash news whiteflash rating : 4.80 rating based on 3739 reviews. read all testimonials contact us give us feedback if you have suggestions regarding whiteflash.com site, please, fill form below and click "send". your name your e-mail send thanks for your feedback. we appreciate your help in improving whiteflash website. close info@whiteflash.com telephone 1-877-612-6770 outside usa 1-832-252-6770 2150 town square pl#330 sugar land, tx 77479 usa winner of the 2012 bbb pinnacle award best jeweler in houston, texas mobile version © 2000-2014 whiteflash - a brilliant diamond buying experience ® privacy policies sitemap what would you like to do? buy this diamond without setting – you can still add the diamond to a setting later if you decide to do so. buy this diamond with setting. search from our selection of diamond settings to find your perfect ring. what would you like to do? buy this diamond pair without setting – you can still add the diamond pair to a setting later if you decide to do so. buy this diamond pair with earrings. search our selection for studs and earrings to find the perfect match for your diamonds. what would you like to do? buy setting now without diamond. you can add a diamond to this setting later. buy diamond with this setting. choose from our selection of loose diamonds to create your ideal engagement ring. what would you like to do? buy earrings now without diamond. you can add a diamond to these earrings later. buy these earrings with our diamonds. choose from our selection of loose diamonds to create your gorgeous earrings. x welcome to whiteflash! we cordially invite our houston area clients to visit our beautiful boutique style showroom for a very special experience. come see our a cut above® diamonds and designer engagement rings in person and meet our friendly and knowledgeable staff of jewelry professionals. book your appointment now by visiting our showroom page where you can schedule your visit and learn more about the special venue we have created for our houston area clients do not show this page again close