来源URL: https://web.archive.org/web/20151231073018/http://www.whiteflash.com/loose-diamonds/search.aspx
================================================================================

certified loose diamonds search | whiteflash shopping cart (0) my diamonds (0) my jewelry (0) my diamond pairs (0) last visited products free shipping worldwide visit the whiteflash houston jewelry showroom sign in wish list shopping cart loose diamonds loose diamonds search diamond pairs search request a diamond learn about diamonds certified diamonds a cut above diamonds engagement rings diamond solitaire diamond settings halo rings three stone rings designer rings wedding sets custom design designer rings tacori rings verragio rings simon g. rings ritani rings danhov rings vatche rings benchmark rings wedding rings womens wedding rings mens wedding rings eternity rings diamond rings classic rings diamond jewelry diamond earrings diamond pendants diamond necklaces diamond bracelets diamond bangles anniversary rings dreams of africa mens jewelry tacori jewelry simon g. jewelry education diamond education jewelry education jewelry care essentials gems & gemology infographics diamond videos tips and advice whiteflash news whiteflash policies faq reviews why whiteflash the whiteflash guarantee iso 9000 certified conflict free diamonds free shipping life time trade up one year buy back money back guarantee customer loyalty program social responsibility 2015 bbb pinnacle award 877-612-6770 about | livechat | contact what do you think about our diamond search ? what was your experience using our diamond search? (your likes,dislikes,questions,suggestions,etc.) your name your e-mail your rating 1/5 send thanks for your feedback. we appreciate your help in improving whiteflash website. close loose diamonds > loose diamonds search round princess cushion emerald radiant asscher pear marquise oval heart carat color price carat weight. learn more even though diamonds are transparent, most of them contain some hint of color. learn more in-house virtual search + advanced search clarity cut grade the clarity grade indicates how clean or included a diamond is under extreme scrutiny. learn more ags cut grading scale learn more polish symmetry fluorescence indicates the care taken by the cutter in shaping and faceting the rough stone into a finished and polished diamond. symmetry is the arrangement of the facets and finished angles. learn more fluorescence is not considered a grading factor, only a characteristic of that particular diamond. learn more table depth % diamond category, quality, and performance the largest facet which sits on top of a diamond. this is where most of the light enters and exits a diamond depth percentage expresses how deep the diamond is in comparison to how wide it is. learn more a cut above® expert selection premium select virtual selection l/w ratio certification l/w ratio :1.000 :1.000 - or - square rectangle ags gia certified loose diamonds search practical advice for your search how to choose diamond carat when shopping for a loose diamond choosing diamond carat size is generally a matter of preferences for dimensionality, but also involves an understanding of how quality factors affect diamond prices. carat weight usually translates to approximate size equivalents, but depending how the diamond is proportioned, stones of a given weight might vary widely in actual size. as diamond carat increases the cost “per carat” increases as well, leading to an exponential increase in total price. for example a 1.01 carat diamond of a certain quality might cost $5000 per carat, or $5050 total. the same quality in a 2.01 carat might cost $8000 per carat or $16,080 total. so a diamond twice as big can cost over three times as much. color and clarity grades can greatly affect the diamond carat range that can be purchased with a given budget. some compromise is almost always made in one or both areas. loose diamonds in the colorless range (def) sell for premium prices, as do diamonds that are near flawless (if, vvs1, vvs2). to many people these stones are essentially indistinguishable from near colorless stones with minor inclusions (ghij vs/si). it is important to understand which factors are most important to you so that you can select the ideal diamond for your budget. how to choose diamond color determining the best diamond color range to stay in is a very individual matter. people vary widely in their color acuity. some people can immediately detect a diamond color that is outside the colorless range (def). other people cannot distinguish between colors several grades apart, even in controlled conditions. most shoppers are mainly concerned that the diamond does not look yellow to the casual observer. diamonds in the near-colorless range (ghij) generally fit these criteria. and since near-colorless diamonds cost far less than colorless ones, many people find their best value in this range. while placing a diamond color d next to an i color will create a differential that most people can see, the i color on its own looks essentially “white”. another way to say it is that loose diamonds in the g-j range, while not technically colorless, do not create an impression of color. *see this page for more information on how diamond color grading is done in the laboratory. ideal cut diamonds appear slightly whiter than ordinary cuts because they return a maximum amount of the ambient light back to the eye, to some extent overwhelming any visible body color of the diamond itself. how to choose diamond clarity in choosing loose diamond clarity it is interesting to note that very few people actually buy flawless diamonds. that is because the best diamond clarity (fl) is essentially indistinguishable from diamonds several clarity grades lower- except with a microscope- yet they far more costly. therefore, almost everyone makes some compromise in this area. generally, shoppers are mainly concerned with imperfections that will be noticeable to the unaided eye. diamond clarity is graded under ten power magnification and normally diamonds in the upper six categories (fl, if, vvs1, vvs2, vs1 and vs2) are all “eye clean”. there is some logic to choosing clarities that exceed eye-clean status, as the presence of inclusions can sometime impact light performance, even if they cannot be seen with the unaided eye. certain clarity characteristics, particularly in loose diamonds with si grades, can negatively impact brightness and fire. provided that imperfections are not easily visible to the naked eye and they do not diminish light performance, choosing a lower clarity grade can be a smart tradeoff. how to choose diamond cut diamond cut is arguably the most important of the diamond 4 c’s. the proportioning and craftsmanship of the diamond are the keys to its brilliance, fire and sparkle. loose diamonds much lower in color and clarity that are cut with high precision can look much more beautiful than diamonds with perfect color and clarity but faulty cut quality. a polished diamond consists of a system of tiny facets, each one a mirror that must work in concert with all other facets in order to bring forth the full expression of the potential beauty within. no matter what size, color or clarity one may choose it is a waste of this precious potential not to maximize light performance by compromising loose diamond cut quality. ideal cut diamonds are those that have been cut to specifications with extremely small tolerances that enable the diamond to refract and reflect the optimal quantity and quality of light back to the eye of the observer. for shoppers seeking the absolute finest in diamond cut there are true super ideals such as a cut above® diamonds. they must first receive the most prestigious certificate from the foremost authority on diamond cut quality – a platinum certificate from the american gem society laboratories. from there they must pass additional light performance and quality tests in order to become a member of the a cut above® loose diamonds brand. simply put, they are the “best of the best” in terms of what makes a diamond beautiful – brightness, dispersion and scintillation (otherwise known as brilliance, fire and sparkle!) while there is a premium associated with buying ideal cut diamonds, when you consider the benefit of getting maximum performance from your combination of the other 3 c’s every time that diamond is observed, day after day and year after year, there is no question that this premium is one well worth investing in. shape any shapes round princess cushion emerald radiant asscher pear marquise oval heart carat - color d e f g h i j k l-z - d e f g h i j k l-z clarity if vvs1 vvs2 vs1 vs2 si1 si2 - if vvs1 vvs2 vs1 vs2 si1 si2 cut ideal excellent verygood good fair none - ideal excellent verygood good fair none price - search solitaire settings three stone settings diamond settings designer rings wedding sets design your ring find your ring size womens wedding rings mens wedding rings eternity rings diamond rings classic rings diamond earrings diamond pendants diamond bracelets right hand rings men's jewelry tacori jewelry whiteflash design anniversary jewelry whiteflash gallery request design diamond education jewelry education gems & gemology infographics tips and advice whiteflash news whiteflash policies jewelry calendar the perfect fit enter amount: select country australia canada singapore united kingdom alberta british colombia manitoba new brunswick newfoundland northwest territory nova scotia nunavut ontario prince edward island quebec saskatchewan yukon sub total: duty: shipping: total: calculate follow us sign up for our newsletter: whiteflash news whiteflash rating : 4.80 rating based on 4051 reviews. read all testimonials contact us give us feedback if you have suggestions regarding whiteflash.com site, please, fill form below and click "send". your name your e-mail send thanks for your feedback. we appreciate your help in improving whiteflash website. close info@whiteflash.com telephone 1-877-612-6770 outside usa 1-832-252-6770 2150 town square pl#330 sugar land, tx 77479 usa winner of the 2015 bbb pinnacle award best jeweler in houston, texas mobile version © 2000-2015 whiteflash - a brilliant diamond buying experience ® privacy policies sitemap what would you like to do? buy this diamond without setting – you can still add the diamond to a setting later if you decide to do so. buy this diamond with setting. search from our selection of diamond settings to find your perfect ring. what would you like to do? buy this diamond pair without setting – you can still add the diamond pair to a setting later if you decide to do so. buy this diamond pair with earrings. search our selection for studs and earrings to find the perfect match for your diamonds. what would you like to do? buy setting now without diamond. you can add a diamond to this setting later. buy diamond with this setting. choose from our selection of loose diamonds to create your ideal engagement ring. what would you like to do? buy earrings now without diamond. you can add a diamond to these earrings later. buy these earrings with our diamonds. choose from our selection of loose diamonds to create your gorgeous earrings. x welcome to whiteflash! we cordially invite our houston area clients to visit our beautiful boutique style showroom for a very special experience. come see our a cut above® diamonds and designer engagement rings in person and meet our friendly and knowledgeable staff of jewelry professionals. book your appointment now by visiting our showroom page where you can schedule your visit and learn more about the special venue we have created for our houston area clients do not show this page again close