来源URL: https://web.archive.org/web/20161119025251/http://www.whiteflash.com/loose-diamonds/search.aspx
================================================================================

certified loose diamonds search | whiteflash free fedex worldwide shipping free worldwide shipping visit our houston showroom sign in wish list my cart aud cad eur gbp hkd nzd sgd usd usd 877-612-6770 live chat diamonds diamonds search for diamonds round cushion radiant asscher princess oval emerald pear diamond pair search request a diamond a cut above® diamonds a cut above® hearts and arrows a cut above® princess a cut above® specifications engagement rings engagement rings engagement ring search solitaire engagement rings halo engagement rings pave engagement rings 3 stone engagement rings wedding sets custom engagement rings browse all engagement rings designer engagement rings browse all designer collections wedding rings wedding rings wedding ring search diamond wedding rings classic wedding rings eternity wedding rings women's wedding rings men's wedding rings browse all wedding rings designer wedding rings browse all designer collections jewelry jewelry diamond earrings diamond studs diamond drops diamond hoops diamond halos diamond pendants diamond pendants diamond necklaces diamond bracelets diamond bracelets diamond bangles education education education center diamond education jewelry education gems and gemology tips and advice whiteflash news whiteflash policies jewelry care essentials diamond grading diamond cut grading diamond color grading diamond clarity grading princess cut grading laboratory procedures ags vs gia diamond glossary diamond analytics aset ideal scope hearts and arrows holloway cut advisor (hca) sarine report fluorescence whiteflash diamond imaging why whiteflash why whiteflash about whiteflash social responsibility iso 9000 certified bbb winner of distinction conflict free diamonds customer testimonials learn about us whiteflash benefits free shipping worldwide life time trade up one year buy back money back guarantee customer loyalty program the whiteflash guarantee faq reviews contact call chat email sign in search for diamonds round princess cushion oval radiant emerald asscher pear heart marquise diamond pair search request a diamond a cut above® diamonds a cut above® hearts and arrows a cut above® princess a cut above® specifications hearts and arrows diamonds how h&a diamonds are formed how h&a diamonds are graded benefits of h&a diamonds the c's of diamond education diamond cut diamond certification diamond carat diamond cut basics diamond color diamond cut analysis diamond clarity diamond cost diamond glossary diamond buying guide diamond light performance imaging engagement ring search solitaire engagement rings halo engagement rings pave engagement rings 3 stone engagement rings wedding sets custom engagement rings designer engagement rings browse all designer collections engagement rings education the right way to maintain a diamond ring’s beauty how to select the perfect diamond engagement ring ring size conversion chart platinum vs. white gold diamond setting guide wedding ring search diamond wedding rings classic wedding rings eternity wedding rings women's wedding rings men's wedding rings browse all wedding rings designer wedding rings browse all designer collections the finest wedding rings in houston whether you live in texas or are simply looking for the very best customer service experience around, you’ll find help, support and the finest selection of designer wedding rings in houston at whiteflash. visit our showroom page diamond earrings diamond studs diamond hoops diamond drops diamond halos diamond pendants diamond pendants diamond necklaces dreams of africa collection diamond bracelets diamond bracelets diamond bangles aniversary rings right hand rings men's jewelry gemstones and pearls designer jewelry collections we feature the finest designer jewelry brands including tacori and simon g. in addition, we offer whiteflash original designs and custom designed jewelry created in our state-of-the-art workshop. education center diamond education jewelry education gems and gemology tips and advice whiteflash news whiteflash policies jewelry care essentials diamond grading diamond cut grading diamond color grading diamond clarity grading princess cut grading laboratory procedures ags vs gia diamond glossary diamond analytics aset ideal scope heart and arrows holloway cut advisor (hca) sarine report fluorescence whiteflash diamond imaging about whiteflash social responsibility iso 9000 certified bbb winner of distinction conflict free diamonds customer testimonials learn about us whiteflash benefits free shipping worldwide life time trade up one year buy back money back guarantee customer loyalty program the whiteflash guarantee the whiteflash showroom welcome to the whiteflash showroom! we have created a very special venue for our clients living in or visiting the houston area to come see our products and meet our friendly and knowledgeable staff. our showroom is open weekdays from 10am-5pm. visit our showroom page sign in call chat email home  > loose diamonds select your shape round princess cushion oval radiant radiant emerald asscher pear heart marquise caratcarat — colorcolor clarityclarity priceprice — cutcut in-house virtual search advanced search polishpolish symmetrysymmetry table %table % — depth %depth % — l/w ratiol/w ratio :1.000 — :1.000 fluor.fluorescence certification ags gia other category a cut above ® premium select expert selection virtual selection show hide filters sort by: compare carat shape color clarity cut grade category lab price wire wf rating certified loose diamonds search practical advice for your search how to choose diamond carat when shopping for a loose diamond choosing diamond carat size is generally a matter of preferences for dimensionality, but also involves an understanding of how quality factors affect diamond prices. carat weight usually translates to approximate size equivalents, but depending how the diamond is proportioned, stones of a given weight might vary widely in actual size. as diamond carat increases the cost "per carat" increases as well, leading to an exponential increase in total price. for example a 1.01 carat diamond of a certain quality might cost $5000 per carat, or $5050 total. the same quality in a 2.01 carat might cost $8000 per carat or $16,080 total. so a diamond twice as big can cost over three times as much. color and clarity grades can greatly affect the diamond carat range that can be purchased with a given budget. some compromise is almost always made in one or both areas. loose diamonds in the colorless range (def) sell for premium prices, as do diamonds that are near flawless (if, vvs1, vvs2). to many people these stones are essentially indistinguishable from near colorless stones with minor inclusions (ghij vs/si). it is important to understand which factors are most important to you so that you can select the ideal diamond for your budget. how to choose diamond color determining the best diamond color range to stay in is a very individual matter. people vary widely in their color acuity. some people can immediately detect a diamond color that is outside the colorless range (def). other people cannot distinguish between colors several grades apart, even in controlled conditions. most shoppers are mainly concerned that the diamond does not look yellow to the casual observer. diamonds in the near-colorless range (ghij) generally fit these criteria. and since near-colorless diamonds cost far less than colorless ones, many people find their best value in this range. while placing a diamond color d next to an i color will create a differential that most people can see, the i color on its own looks essentially "white". another way to say it is that loose diamonds in the g-j range, while not technically colorless, do not create an impression of color. *see this page for more information on how diamond color grading is done in the laboratory. ideal cut diamonds appear slightly whiter than ordinary cuts because they return a maximum amount of the ambient light back to the eye, to some extent overwhelming any visible body color of the diamond itself. how to choose diamond clarity in choosing loose diamond clarity it is interesting to note that very few people actually buy flawless diamonds. that is because the best diamond clarity (fl) is essentially indistinguishable from diamonds several clarity grades lower- except with a microscope- yet they far more costly. therefore, almost everyone makes some compromise in this area. generally, shoppers are mainly concerned with imperfections that will be noticeable to the unaided eye. diamond clarity is graded under ten power magnification and normally diamonds in the upper six categories (fl, if, vvs1, vvs2, vs1 and vs2) are all "eye clean". there is some logic to choosing clarities that exceed eye-clean status, as the presence of inclusions can sometime impact light performance, even if they cannot be seen with the unaided eye. certain clarity characteristics, particularly in loose diamonds with si grades, can negatively impact brightness and fire. provided that imperfections are not easily visible to the naked eye and they do not diminish light performance, choosing a lower clarity grade can be a smart tradeoff. how to choose diamond cut diamond cut is arguably the most important of the diamond 4 c's. the proportioning and craftsmanship of the diamond are the keys to its brilliance, fire and sparkle. loose diamonds much lower in color and clarity that are cut with high precision can look much more beautiful than diamonds with perfect color and clarity but faulty cut quality. a polished diamond consists of a system of tiny facets, each one a mirror that must work in concert with all other facets in order to bring forth the full expression of the potential beauty within. no matter what size, color or clarity one may choose it is a waste of this precious potential not to maximize light performance by compromising loose diamond cut quality. ideal cut diamonds are those that have been cut to specifications with extremely small tolerances that enable the diamond to refract and reflect the optimal quantity and quality of light back to the eye of the observer. for shoppers seeking the absolute finest in diamond cut there are true super ideals such as a cut above® diamonds. they must first receive the most prestigious certificate from the foremost authority on diamond cut quality - a platinum certificate from the american gem society laboratories. from there they must pass additional light performance and quality tests in order to become a member of the a cut above® loose diamonds brand. simply put, they are the "best of the best" in terms of what makes a diamond beautiful - brightness, dispersion and scintillation (otherwise known as brilliance, fire and sparkle!) while there is a premium associated with buying ideal cut diamonds, when you consider the benefit of getting maximum performance from your combination of the other 3 c's every time that diamond is observed, day after day and year after year, there is no question that this premium is one well worth investing in. be inspired by our designer engagement rings find the perfect designer ring for your special diamond by clicking the links below, and let us build the ultimate ring for the love of your life! as featured in as featured in follow us contact us chat now info@whiteflash.com 2150 town square place #330, sugar land, tx 77479 toll free: 1-877-612-6770 • outside usa: 1-832-252-6770 sign up for our newsletter go “winner of the 2015 bbb pinnacle award as the best jeweler in houston, texas” sitemap © 2000 - 2016 whiteflash inc. privacy policy my cart my diamonds my jewelry my diamond pairs last visited products my cart my diamonds my jewelry my diamond pairs find diamonds find jewelry go to my cart continue shopping proceed to checkout find diamonds find jewelry compare remove all find more diamonds compare remove all find more jewelry compare remove all find more diamonds what would you like to do? buy this diamond without setting – you can still add the diamond to a setting later if you decide to do so. buy this diamond with setting. search from our selection of diamond settings to find your perfect ring. what would you like to do? buy this diamond pair without setting – you can still add the diamond pair to a setting later if you decide to do so. buy this diamond pair with earrings. search our selection for studs and earrings to find the perfect match for your diamonds. what would you like to do? buy setting now without diamond. you can add a diamond to this setting later. buy diamond with this setting. choose from our selection of loose diamonds to create your ideal engagement ring. what would you like to do? buy earrings now without diamond. you can add a diamond to these earrings later. buy these earrings with our diamonds. choose from our selection of loose diamonds to create your gorgeous earrings.