来源URL: https://web.archive.org/web/20161119025251/http://www.whiteflash.com/testimonials/
================================================================================

whiteflash customer reviews and testimonials free fedex worldwide shipping free worldwide shipping visit our houston showroom sign in wish list my cart aud cad eur gbp hkd nzd sgd usd usd 877-612-6770 live chat diamonds diamonds search for diamonds round cushion radiant asscher princess oval emerald pear diamond pair search request a diamond a cut above® diamonds a cut above® hearts and arrows a cut above® princess a cut above® specifications engagement rings engagement rings engagement ring search solitaire engagement rings halo engagement rings pave engagement rings 3 stone engagement rings wedding sets custom engagement rings browse all engagement rings designer engagement rings browse all designer collections wedding rings wedding rings wedding ring search diamond wedding rings classic wedding rings eternity wedding rings women's wedding rings men's wedding rings browse all wedding rings designer wedding rings browse all designer collections jewelry jewelry diamond earrings diamond studs diamond drops diamond hoops diamond halos diamond pendants diamond pendants diamond necklaces diamond bracelets diamond bracelets diamond bangles education education education center diamond education jewelry education gems and gemology tips and advice whiteflash news whiteflash policies jewelry care essentials diamond grading diamond cut grading diamond color grading diamond clarity grading princess cut grading laboratory procedures ags vs gia diamond glossary diamond analytics aset ideal scope hearts and arrows holloway cut advisor (hca) sarine report fluorescence whiteflash diamond imaging why whiteflash why whiteflash about whiteflash social responsibility iso 9000 certified bbb winner of distinction conflict free diamonds customer testimonials learn about us whiteflash benefits free shipping worldwide life time trade up one year buy back money back guarantee customer loyalty program the whiteflash guarantee faq reviews contact call chat email sign in search for diamonds round princess cushion oval radiant emerald asscher pear heart marquise diamond pair search request a diamond a cut above® diamonds a cut above® hearts and arrows a cut above® princess a cut above® specifications hearts and arrows diamonds how h&a diamonds are formed how h&a diamonds are graded benefits of h&a diamonds the c's of diamond education diamond cut diamond certification diamond carat diamond cut basics diamond color diamond cut analysis diamond clarity diamond cost diamond glossary diamond buying guide diamond light performance imaging engagement ring search solitaire engagement rings halo engagement rings pave engagement rings 3 stone engagement rings wedding sets custom engagement rings designer engagement rings browse all designer collections engagement rings education the right way to maintain a diamond ring’s beauty how to select the perfect diamond engagement ring ring size conversion chart platinum vs. white gold diamond setting guide wedding ring search diamond wedding rings classic wedding rings eternity wedding rings women's wedding rings men's wedding rings browse all wedding rings designer wedding rings browse all designer collections the finest wedding rings in houston whether you live in texas or are simply looking for the very best customer service experience around, you’ll find help, support and the finest selection of designer wedding rings in houston at whiteflash. visit our showroom page diamond earrings diamond studs diamond hoops diamond drops diamond halos diamond pendants diamond pendants diamond necklaces dreams of africa collection diamond bracelets diamond bracelets diamond bangles aniversary rings right hand rings men's jewelry gemstones and pearls designer jewelry collections we feature the finest designer jewelry brands including tacori and simon g. in addition, we offer whiteflash original designs and custom designed jewelry created in our state-of-the-art workshop. education center diamond education jewelry education gems and gemology tips and advice whiteflash news whiteflash policies jewelry care essentials diamond grading diamond cut grading diamond color grading diamond clarity grading princess cut grading laboratory procedures ags vs gia diamond glossary diamond analytics aset ideal scope heart and arrows holloway cut advisor (hca) sarine report fluorescence whiteflash diamond imaging about whiteflash social responsibility iso 9000 certified bbb winner of distinction conflict free diamonds customer testimonials learn about us whiteflash benefits free shipping worldwide life time trade up one year buy back money back guarantee customer loyalty program the whiteflash guarantee the whiteflash showroom welcome to the whiteflash showroom! we have created a very special venue for our clients living in or visiting the houston area to come see our products and meet our friendly and knowledgeable staff. our showroom is open weekdays from 10am-5pm. visit our showroom page sign in call chat email home  > reviews mindy wow! i just got the ring in today and it looks great! my dad came over to see it and was amazed how the diamond looks like it is floating. he tried to get me to let him give it to her now instead of waiting for their anniversary but i wouldn’t let him. ha! he said he is going to die if he has to wait until july to give it to her. i know she will be jumping for joy! thanks again for all of your help read more tyra it's perfect!!! thank you again so much for your patience and help. we are over the moon with everything from the ring itself to the outstanding customer service we have received from each and every one of you guys at whiteflash who has dealt with us. we will both recommend your services - no other company we contacted regarding rings has given us quite as great a service as you. read more emma i love my ring, it's so beautiful. excellent customer service and the delivery was on time with a great tracking system. the whole experience from start to finish has been above expectation. read more sean my fiancee is thrilled with the ring! thanks so much for all your help and for being so accommodating. i will be sure to refer any friends who might need engagement rings to go to whiteflash. read more david i received both my diamonds and we are very happy about them. both diamonds are truly outstanding as compared to those inside the local jewellery store in hong kong. to be honest, buying a diamond online is a difficult decision for most of us. at first i really afraid if that's a good decision to choose a online shop. but that feeling was gone once i revived the diamond. whiteflash provides such excellent service in answering my questions. their expert opinions helped a lot in choosing the right diamond. the shipping was fast and the packaging looks amazing. i will definitely recommend whiteflash to my friends. thank you so much for helping me during the process read more whiteflash customer reviews and testimonials there is no better way to understand the whiteflash experience than by reading actual customer reviews. they convey the feelings of excitement about our hearts and arrows diamonds, the exceptional quality of our diamond engagement rings, and our very personal brand of customer service. below are authentic emails that we receive from whiteflash customers on a daily basis from all over the world. they are reprinted in un-edited form except when necessary to protect the customer's privacy. the images imbedded on the pages enable you to see the quality and variety of the fabulous pieces that we offer. here you will see examples of whiteflash signature styles and custom design projects, as well as designer engagement rings. please take your time and enjoy your whiteflash "eye candy"! for independent whiteflash reviews you can visit third party review sites such as google+, yelp and ivouch. view: reviews found found country: display: 12 24 36 48 load more be inspired by our designer engagement rings find the perfect designer ring for your special diamond by clicking the links below, and let us build the ultimate ring for the love of your life! as featured in as featured in follow us contact us chat now info@whiteflash.com 2150 town square place #330, sugar land, tx 77479 toll free: 1-877-612-6770 • outside usa: 1-832-252-6770 sign up for our newsletter go “winner of the 2015 bbb pinnacle award as the best jeweler in houston, texas” sitemap © 2000 - 2016 whiteflash inc. privacy policy my cart my diamonds my jewelry my diamond pairs last visited products my cart my diamonds my jewelry my diamond pairs find diamonds find jewelry go to my cart continue shopping proceed to checkout find diamonds find jewelry compare remove all find more diamonds compare remove all find more jewelry compare remove all find more diamonds what would you like to do? buy this diamond without setting – you can still add the diamond to a setting later if you decide to do so. buy this diamond with setting. search from our selection of diamond settings to find your perfect ring. what would you like to do? buy this diamond pair without setting – you can still add the diamond pair to a setting later if you decide to do so. buy this diamond pair with earrings. search our selection for studs and earrings to find the perfect match for your diamonds. what would you like to do? buy setting now without diamond. you can add a diamond to this setting later. buy diamond with this setting. choose from our selection of loose diamonds to create your ideal engagement ring. what would you like to do? buy earrings now without diamond. you can add a diamond to these earrings later. buy these earrings with our diamonds. choose from our selection of loose diamonds to create your gorgeous earrings.