来源URL: https://web.archive.org/web/20161119025251/http://www.whiteflash.com/about-diamonds/diamond-education/diamond-analytics-1535.htm
================================================================================

diamond analytics and light performance | whiteflash free fedex worldwide shipping free worldwide shipping visit our houston showroom sign in wish list my cart aud cad eur gbp hkd nzd sgd usd usd 877-612-6770 live chat diamonds diamonds search for diamonds round cushion radiant asscher princess oval emerald pear diamond pair search request a diamond a cut above® diamonds a cut above® hearts and arrows a cut above® princess a cut above® specifications engagement rings engagement rings engagement ring search solitaire engagement rings halo engagement rings pave engagement rings 3 stone engagement rings wedding sets custom engagement rings browse all engagement rings designer engagement rings browse all designer collections wedding rings wedding rings wedding ring search diamond wedding rings classic wedding rings eternity wedding rings women's wedding rings men's wedding rings browse all wedding rings designer wedding rings browse all designer collections jewelry jewelry diamond earrings diamond studs diamond drops diamond hoops diamond halos diamond pendants diamond pendants diamond necklaces diamond bracelets diamond bracelets diamond bangles education education education center diamond education jewelry education gems and gemology tips and advice whiteflash news whiteflash policies jewelry care essentials diamond grading diamond cut grading diamond color grading diamond clarity grading princess cut grading laboratory procedures ags vs gia diamond glossary diamond analytics aset ideal scope hearts and arrows holloway cut advisor (hca) sarine report fluorescence whiteflash diamond imaging why whiteflash why whiteflash about whiteflash social responsibility iso 9000 certified bbb winner of distinction conflict free diamonds customer testimonials learn about us whiteflash benefits free shipping worldwide life time trade up one year buy back money back guarantee customer loyalty program the whiteflash guarantee faq reviews contact call chat email sign in search for diamonds round princess cushion oval radiant emerald asscher pear heart marquise diamond pair search request a diamond a cut above® diamonds a cut above® hearts and arrows a cut above® princess a cut above® specifications hearts and arrows diamonds how h&a diamonds are formed how h&a diamonds are graded benefits of h&a diamonds the c's of diamond education diamond cut diamond certification diamond carat diamond cut basics diamond color diamond cut analysis diamond clarity diamond cost diamond glossary diamond buying guide diamond light performance imaging engagement ring search solitaire engagement rings halo engagement rings pave engagement rings 3 stone engagement rings wedding sets custom engagement rings designer engagement rings browse all designer collections engagement rings education the right way to maintain a diamond ring’s beauty how to select the perfect diamond engagement ring ring size conversion chart platinum vs. white gold diamond setting guide wedding ring search diamond wedding rings classic wedding rings eternity wedding rings women's wedding rings men's wedding rings browse all wedding rings designer wedding rings browse all designer collections the finest wedding rings in houston whether you live in texas or are simply looking for the very best customer service experience around, you’ll find help, support and the finest selection of designer wedding rings in houston at whiteflash. visit our showroom page diamond earrings diamond studs diamond hoops diamond drops diamond halos diamond pendants diamond pendants diamond necklaces dreams of africa collection diamond bracelets diamond bracelets diamond bangles aniversary rings right hand rings men's jewelry gemstones and pearls designer jewelry collections we feature the finest designer jewelry brands including tacori and simon g. in addition, we offer whiteflash original designs and custom designed jewelry created in our state-of-the-art workshop. education center diamond education jewelry education gems and gemology tips and advice whiteflash news whiteflash policies jewelry care essentials diamond grading diamond cut grading diamond color grading diamond clarity grading princess cut grading laboratory procedures ags vs gia diamond glossary diamond analytics aset ideal scope heart and arrows holloway cut advisor (hca) sarine report fluorescence whiteflash diamond imaging about whiteflash social responsibility iso 9000 certified bbb winner of distinction conflict free diamonds customer testimonials learn about us whiteflash benefits free shipping worldwide life time trade up one year buy back money back guarantee customer loyalty program the whiteflash guarantee the whiteflash showroom welcome to the whiteflash showroom! we have created a very special venue for our clients living in or visiting the houston area to come see our products and meet our friendly and knowledgeable staff. our showroom is open weekdays from 10am-5pm. visit our showroom page sign in call chat email home  > education  > diamond education  > diamond analytics and light performance | whiteflash diamond analytics - understanding diamond craftsmanship & light performanceby bryan boyne (g.g.) , thursday, july 28, 2016by bryan boyne (g.g.) , july 28, 2016 rough diamond crystals are remarkably unremarkable. in their uncut state they possess no brilliance, no fire, and are anything but scintillating! without the craftsmanship of man, diamonds look no different than a piece of common quartz or a shard of broken glass. but even the earliest diamond cutters, who were able to put just a few rudimentary facets on a diamond crystal, were able to begin to unlock the extraordinary beauty of the ‘gem of gems’. ideal cut round diamond poor cut round diamond diamond cutting today is very sophisticated and manufacturers are able to fully maximize the phenomenal optical qualities that lie within a gem diamond crystal. modern diamond cutting employs precision tools and technologies that enable extremely fine adjustments to the angles and alignments of the diamond’s facets. this level of control allows the diamond cutter to make decisions that impact both light performance and the yield of finished diamond from the rough. he must always be cognizant of both, along with current market values, in order to successfully ply his craft. modern analytic tools give cutters, merchants, and consumers alike, the ability to assess diamond cut quality and light performance in ways never before possible. from simple reflector tools like ideal scope, h&a viewer, and aset, to the more sophisticated ray tracing software programs such as ags light performance and diamcalc. these programs are capable of making tens of thousands of precise calculations and mapping the behavior of light in 3d models generated by highly accurate scanning devices such as those manufactured by sarine. and web-based tools such as gia facetware and holloway cut advisor can be helpful to shoppers online. sarine one of the key developments in advanced diamond analysis was the coming of age of precision non-contact measuring devices such as those manufactured by sarine technologies. their diascan instrument makes a 360 degree scan of the diamond measuring all the facets in fine detail. it generates a variety of reports and produces a 3d model that can be used in sophisticated ray tracing software programs such as ags light performance and diamcalc. sarine is capable of measuring a diamond more thoroughly, more accurately and much more quickly than a gemologist ever could using manual techniques. detailed graphical sarin report of table view detailed graphical sarin report of pavilion view aset (angular spectrum evaluation tool) the graphical representation of the light performance cut grading system developed by the american gem society laboratories (agsl) is the aset. this powerful analytical tool shows how the diamond is handling light in a comprehensive and easy to understand color-coded way. it not only shows light return, light leakage, and structured contrast, but also reveals information about the quality of light being returned to the eye. aset of a super ideal cut diamond aset with light performance issues ideal scope the ideal scope is a simple reflector tool that reveals easy to understand information about light return, light leakage and contrast patterns. red is light return, white or grey is leakage, and black represents structured contrast. it provides a subset of the information that aset reveals, and is a tool more commonly found in the trade. like aset, it is available in a small portable and consumer-friendly tool as well as the trade versions designed to capture images. ideal scope of a super ideal cut diamond ideal scope of a poorly cut diamond hearts and arrows viewer the hearts and arrows viewer is another of the simple yet powerful reflector devices available to the consumer. it provides visual information about the optical precision of the diamond. only when the diamond has been crafted in such a way that all facets are aligned properly in three dimensional space will the diamond exhibit a crisp pattern of eight arrows through the table and eight hearts through the pavilion. ideal proportions combined with hearts and arrows precision result in optimal performance. the benefits of hearts and arrows precision extend well beyond the intriguing patterns. hearts and arrows viewer holloway cut advisor (hca) the holloway cut advisor (hca) tool is an easy to use online evaluation program that provides some useful information about diamond proportions. by inputting a few basic parameters it will generate an estimate of cut quality. because it is not a direct assessment tool and does not gather any information about many of the key facets that determine actual light performance, the hca is only valuable as a filtering tool to exclude problematic proportion sets. the significant limitations of the hca render it of negligible value when the diamond is accompanied by an agsl report or light performance images such as aset or ideal-scope. holloway cut adviser (hca) input screen diamcalc there are a few very sophisticated software programs dedicated to studying and grading diamond light performance. diamcalc from octonus software is one of the most robust. full of features for modeling diamonds in a wide range of ways, diamcalc is capable of taking a scan from a sarine or helium device (the octonus device similar to sarine), and rendering many types of diagnostic images including aset, hearts and arrows, and even photo realistic video. diamcalc software is used by diamond manufacturers, dealers and researchers all over the world. diamcalc screen set to wire frame and basic ray tracing diamond imaging whether you are evaluating a diamond online or one at the local jeweler, light performance imaging gives you critical information about the diamond that you may not be able to discern by visual inspection alone. diagnostic tools like aset, ideal scope and hearts and arrows viewer reveal aspects of performance such as light leakage, optical symmetry faults, contrast issues, and other problems. high definition video enables a magnified inspection and the opportunity to see dynamic aspects of performance such as scintillation and fire. by evaluating diamond images in conjunction with a lab report, it is possible to gain a comprehensive understanding of the critical factors that determine a diamond’s beauty. fluorescence approximately 25-30% of diamonds exhibit a property known as fluorescence. certain wavelengths of light (primarily ultraviolet) cause the diamond to emit light as long as the source of these wavelengths is present. as a result the diamond glows in varying colors (usually blue) and in different strengths. fluorescence is primarily an identification characteristic, but can have impacts on appearance and value. when considering a diamond with this characteristic it is wise to fully understand its implications. diamond fluorescence - directional effects diamond analytics and the princess cut the popularity over the last several years of princess cut diamonds has put huge numbers of these diamonds on the market, most of which do not possess top quality light performance. this is in part the result of the role laboratory reports play in the marketing of diamonds. because gia, the most well-known lab in the world, has elected not to put overall cut grade on reports for princess cuts (or any non-round shape), cutters are not bound by strict light performance considerations. they are able to retain more finished weight with princess cuts which are not cut to ideal proportions, thereby maximizing yield and profitability. princess cuts with gia reports showing excellent/excellent in polish and symmetry are marketed successfully as top cut quality, even though actual light performance may in fact be poor. this is likely to continue until either gia implements cut grading for princess cuts, or until more consumers become educated about the issue. ideal cut princess diamond poor cut princess diamond light performance grading reports on fancy shapes are available through agsl and shoppers looking for princess cuts with the most fire and brilliance should seek out diamonds graded by the ags laboratories as ideal. (to learn more see our page on princess cut grading.) diamond craftsmanship – final thoughts diamond cutting involves several distinct phases, each one critical to the quality and value of the finished product. the planning of the cut is perhaps the most import step and involves not only a study of the shape and quality of the rough, but an analysis of the market potential for specific shapes, qualities and sizes. a given piece of rough could be cut in many different ways. calculating the most profitable approach is a key step from which everything else stems. with greater understanding of the benefits of top cut quality and craftsmanship, the market for ideal diamonds is growing rapidly. the popularity of hearts and arrows diamonds is an outgrowth of the new cutting capabilities that can result in perfect 3-dimensional symmetry of the finished diamond, creating the h&a patterning visible under special viewers. the growing availability of diamond imaging diagnostics provides shoppers with a wealth of information about the light handling properties of the diamonds they are considering for purchase. diamonds that are intended to become the “best of the best” in terms of cut quality, like the a cut above® super ideal (in both h&a round and princess cut), require much more time and attention. minute differences in measurements, angles, and facet alignments must be resolved. more of the diamond rough is cut away in the process as well, yielding a smaller diamond but one with optimal light performance. the result is a premium quality diamond exhibiting the ultimate optical beauty that space age technology and modern craftsmanship can produce. while mined diamonds are certainly rare, and they are the hardest known natural substance, it is their propensity for stunning optical beauty that really makes them desirable. this begs the question of why diamonds aren’t always cut to maximize light performance. in the information age more people are asking that question and more manufacturers are stepping up their game to fill the growing demand for precision cut diamonds. recommended for you how to buy diamond stud earrings best place to buy certified diamonds online a cut above® hearts and arrows diamond melee how hearts and arrows diamonds are formed grading hearts and arrows diamonds how to buy diamond stud earrings best place to buy certified diamonds online a cut above® hearts and arrows diamond melee how hearts and arrows diamonds are formed grading hearts and arrows diamonds please enable javascript to view the comments powered by disqus. be inspired by our designer engagement rings find the perfect designer ring for your special diamond by clicking the links below, and let us build the ultimate ring for the love of your life! as featured in as featured in follow us contact us chat now info@whiteflash.com 2150 town square place #330, sugar land, tx 77479 toll free: 1-877-612-6770 • outside usa: 1-832-252-6770 sign up for our newsletter go “winner of the 2015 bbb pinnacle award as the best jeweler in houston, texas” sitemap © 2000 - 2016 whiteflash inc. privacy policy my cart my diamonds my jewelry my diamond pairs last visited products my cart my diamonds my jewelry my diamond pairs find diamonds find jewelry go to my cart continue shopping proceed to checkout find diamonds find jewelry compare remove all find more diamonds compare remove all find more jewelry compare remove all find more diamonds what would you like to do? buy this diamond without setting – you can still add the diamond to a setting later if you decide to do so. buy this diamond with setting. search from our selection of diamond settings to find your perfect ring. what would you like to do? buy this diamond pair without setting – you can still add the diamond pair to a setting later if you decide to do so. buy this diamond pair with earrings. search our selection for studs and earrings to find the perfect match for your diamonds. what would you like to do? buy setting now without diamond. you can add a diamond to this setting later. buy diamond with this setting. choose from our selection of loose diamonds to create your ideal engagement ring. what would you like to do? buy earrings now without diamond. you can add a diamond to these earrings later. buy these earrings with our diamonds. choose from our selection of loose diamonds to create your gorgeous earrings.