来源URL: https://web.archive.org/web/20171230080830/https://www.whiteflash.com/
================================================================================

diamond engagement rings & certified loose diamonds | whiteflash houston free fedex worldwide shipping free worldwide shipping visit our houston showroom visit our store sign in wish list my cart aud cad eur gbp hkd nzd sgd usd usd 877-612-6770 live chat diamonds diamonds search for diamonds round cushion radiant asscher princess oval emerald pear diamond pair search request a diamond a cut above® diamonds a cut above® hearts and arrows a cut above® collection series a cut above® princess a cut above® specifications engagement rings engagement rings engagement ring search solitaire engagement rings halo engagement rings pave engagement rings 3 stone engagement rings wedding sets custom engagement rings browse all engagement rings designer engagement rings browse all designer collections wedding rings wedding rings wedding ring search diamond wedding rings classic wedding rings eternity wedding rings women's wedding rings men's wedding rings browse all wedding rings designer wedding rings browse all designer collections jewelry jewelry diamond earrings diamond studs diamond drops diamond hoops diamond halos diamond pendants diamond pendants diamond necklaces diamond bracelets diamond bracelets diamond bangles education education education center diamond education jewelry education gems and gemology tips and advice whiteflash news whiteflash policies jewelry care essentials diamond grading diamond cut grading diamond color grading diamond clarity grading princess cut grading laboratory procedures ags vs gia diamond glossary diamond analytics aset ideal scope hearts and arrows holloway cut advisor (hca) sarine report fluorescence whiteflash diamond imaging why whiteflash why whiteflash about whiteflash social responsibility iso 9000 certified bbb winner of distinction fully vetted in-stock diamonds customer testimonials core values learn about us whiteflash benefits free shipping worldwide life time trade up one year buy back money back guarantee customer loyalty program one year service plan the whiteflash guarantee faq reviews contact call chat email sign in search for diamonds round princess cushion oval radiant emerald asscher pear heart marquise diamond pair search request a diamond a cut above® diamonds a cut above® hearts and arrows a cut above® collection series a cut above® princess a cut above® specifications hearts and arrows diamonds how h&a diamonds are graded benefits of h&a diamonds the c's of diamond education diamond cut diamond certification diamond carat diamond cut basics diamond color diamond cut analysis diamond clarity diamond cost diamond glossary diamond buying guide diamond light performance imaging engagement ring search solitaire engagement rings halo engagement rings pave engagement rings 3 stone engagement rings wedding sets custom engagement rings designer engagement rings browse all designer collections engagement rings education the right way to maintain a diamond ring’s beauty how to select the perfect diamond engagement ring find my ring size platinum vs. white gold diamond setting guide wedding ring search diamond wedding rings classic wedding rings eternity wedding rings women's wedding rings men's wedding rings browse all wedding rings designer wedding rings browse all designer collections the finest wedding rings in houston whether you live in texas or are simply looking for the very best customer service experience around, you’ll find help, support and the finest selection of designer wedding rings in houston at whiteflash. visit our showroom page diamond earrings diamond studs diamond hoops diamond drops diamond halos diamond pendants diamond pendants diamond necklaces dreams of africa collection diamond bracelets diamond bracelets diamond bangles aniversary rings right hand rings men's jewelry gemstones and pearls designer jewelry collections we feature the finest designer jewelry brands including tacori and simon g. in addition, we offer whiteflash original designs and custom designed jewelry created in our state-of-the-art workshop. education center diamond education jewelry education gems and gemology tips and advice whiteflash news whiteflash policies jewelry care essentials diamond grading diamond cut grading diamond color grading diamond clarity grading princess cut grading laboratory procedures ags vs gia diamond glossary diamond analytics aset ideal scope heart and arrows holloway cut advisor (hca) sarine report fluorescence whiteflash diamond imaging about whiteflash social responsibility iso 9000 certified bbb winner of distinction fully vetted in-stock diamonds customer testimonials core values learn about us whiteflash benefits free shipping worldwide life time trade up one year buy back money back guarantee customer loyalty program one year service plan the whiteflash guarantee the whiteflash store welcome to the whiteflash store! we have created a very special venue for our clients living in or visiting the houston area to come see our products and meet our friendly and knowledgeable staff. our store is open weekdays from 10am-5pm. the whiteflash calendar sign in call chat email diamond search huge selection of ags & gia diamonds with hd videos, in stock and fully vetted, ready to ship today round princess cushion oval radiant emerald asscher pear heart round princess cushion oval radiant emerald asscher pear heart round princess cushion oval radiant emerald asscher pear heart search for diamonds engagement rings specializing in solitaire, halo and diamond engagement rings from the leading designer brands wedding rings wedding bands for gents and ladies, to match the diamond engagement ring or to stand alone diamond jewelry earrings, pendants, bracelets and more in diamonds and gemstones for every occasion reviews & testimonials wow, stunning work from your team!! that definitely looks spectacular and extremely gorgeous :) phenomenal.... read more — matthew l, usa — just wanted to pass along the fantastic news to you. my love and i are engaged! all she ever wanted was to ... read more — tim d, usa — wow! you guys did a great job! the ring turned out exactly how i wanted it too. i can not thank you enough f... read more — tommy t, usa — ideal diamonds and designer engagement rings - the whiteflash difference whiteflash is all about the ideal cut diamond. we stock the largest inventory of ags ideal diamonds in the world! whether you are looking for an ideal round diamond or an ideal princess diamond we have the best selection of ags certified ideal diamonds you will find anywhere. combining the finest in certified diamonds with top quality designer engagement rings and fine jewelry, we consistently deliver "a brilliant diamond buying experience"® to discriminating customers worldwide. as authorized resellers for the finest designer brands such as tacori, verragio, simon g, ritani, danhov, vatche, and benchmark, and as the exclusive provider of our own a cut above® super ideal diamonds, there is no better place to create a truly extraordinary piece for your special occasion than at whiteflash. shop online or visit our houston jewelry store to experience the whiteflash difference for yourself. hearts and arrows diamonds – a cut above® whiteflash is an internationally recognized authority on hearts and arrows diamonds. our a cut above® super ideal is a diamond of world-class cut precision and is available exclusively through whiteflash. to achieve the a cut above ® hearts and arrows brand a round diamond must have perfect three dimensional facet alignment and a pristine pattern of hearts and arrows. it must be certified as an ags ideal, specifications must fall within a narrow subset of ags ideal parameters, and the diamond must pass additional light performance image testing. these images along with comprehensive gemological data for each diamond are posted to our website, clearly demonstrating the superior craftsmanship, fire and brilliance of these elite gems. the a cut above® round hearts and arrows diamond is the most visually balanced in the world®. diamond education as a proud member of the american gem society whiteflash is fully dedicated to consumer protection and education. our team is composed of dozens of gia trained diamond and jewelry professionals including several graduate gemologists, diamond graduates, and ags certified gemologists. we offer extensive diamond education in the form of articles on a wide range of diamond and jewelry topics including a co-authored series on diamond grading at the american gem society laboratories (agsl). and while others debate gia vs ags, we fully embrace both of these sister organizations as they each hold a place as the premier diamond labs in the world. please visit our diamond education page for links to the most up to date information on the 4cs –diamond color, diamond clarity, diamond carat, and the most important c- diamond cut. ideal princess cut diamonds the dazzling sister to the a cut above® hearts and arrows round diamond is the a cut above® princess ideal cut diamond. to achieve the status of a cut above® the diamond must first be certified as an ags ideal princess. it then must pass additional evaluations including the most stringent light performance image testing in the industry, demonstrating unparalleled fire and brilliance. ags diamonds are some of the finest cut diamonds in the world - the ags princess with a cut grade of ideal is in itself an extremely rare find. an ideal princess cut that carries the a cut above® brand is a world-class super ideal diamond of unsurpassed performance. so, if you are in the market for a world-class princess diamond of unrivalled performance, you have just found it! a cut above® super ideal princess. top jewelers in houston whiteflash has been creating exquisite engagement rings in houston and houston jewelry since the year 2000, growing our business steadily by word of mouth. an all-consuming devotion to quality and customer care culminated in whiteflash being honored with the better business bureau’s 2016 winner of distinction award presented to the best houston jewelers. as a premier provider of some of the world’s finest diamonds, it is no surprise that we feature the most superb diamond engagement rings and fine jewelry. so if you live in the houston area or passing through on business, you are warmly invited to visit us and discover the foremost collection of houston engagement rings, wedding rings, and fine jewelry. with the opening of our store in sugar land town square, whiteflash has likewise become one of the top jewelry stores in houston! visit our showroom come see our products and meet our friendly and knowledgeable gia trained staff learn more experience whiteflash hailed as "lord of the online rings" by the prestigious kiplinger's magazine learn more diamond search huge selection of ags & gia diamonds with hd videos, in stock and fully vetted, ready to ship today search now engagement rings specializing in solitaire, halo and diamond engagement rings from the leading designer brands shop now wedding rings wedding bands for gents and ladies, to match the diamond engagement ring or to stand alone shop now diamond jewelry earrings, pendants, bracelets and more in diamonds and gemstones for every occasion shop now reviews & testimonials mindy wow! i just got the ring in today and it looks great! my dad came over to see it and was amazed how the diamond looks like it is floating. he tried to get me to let him give it to her now instead of waiting for their anniversary but i wouldn’t let him. ha! he said he is going to die if he has to wait until july to give it to her. i know she will be jumping for joy! thanks again for all of your help read more tyra it's perfect!!! thank you again so much for your patience and help. we are over the moon with everything from the ring itself to the outstanding customer service we have received from each and every one of you guys at whiteflash who has dealt with us. we will both recommend your services - no other company we contacted regarding rings has given us quite as great a service as you. read more emma i love my ring, it's so beautiful. excellent customer service and the delivery was on time with a great tracking system. the whole experience from start to finish has been above expectation. read more sean my fiancee is thrilled with the ring! thanks so much for all your help and for being so accommodating. i will be sure to refer any friends who might need engagement rings to go to whiteflash. read more david i received both my diamonds and we are very happy about them. both diamonds are truly outstanding as compared to those inside the local jewellery store in hong kong. to be honest, buying a diamond online is a difficult decision for most of us. at first i really afraid if that's a good decision to choose a online shop. but that feeling was gone once i revived the diamond. whiteflash provides such excellent service in answering my questions. their expert opinions helped a lot in choosing the right diamond. the shipping was fast and the packaging looks amazing. i will definitely recommend whiteflash to my friends. thank you so much for helping me during the process read more read all reviews as featured in as featured in follow us contact us chat now info@whiteflash.com 2150 town square place #330, sugar land, tx 77479 toll free: 1-877-612-6770 • outside usa: 1-832-252-6770 sign up for our newsletter go “winner of the 2015 bbb pinnacle award as the best jeweler in houston, texas” sitemap © 2000 - 2017 whiteflash inc. privacy policy my cart my diamonds my jewelry my diamond pairs last visited products my cart my diamonds my jewelry my diamond pairs find diamonds find jewelry go to my cart continue shopping proceed to checkout find diamonds find jewelry compare remove all find more diamonds compare remove all find more jewelry compare remove all find more diamonds what would you like to do? buy this diamond without setting – you can still add the diamond to a setting later if you decide to do so. buy this diamond with setting. search from our selection of diamond settings to find your perfect ring. what would you like to do? buy this diamond pair without setting – you can still add the diamond pair to a setting later if you decide to do so. buy this diamond pair with earrings. search our selection for studs and earrings to find the perfect match for your diamonds. what would you like to do? buy setting now without diamond. you can add a diamond to this setting later. buy diamond with this setting. choose from our selection of loose diamonds to create your ideal engagement ring. what would you like to do? buy earrings now without diamond. you can add a diamond to these earrings later. buy these earrings with our diamonds. choose from our selection of loose diamonds to create your gorgeous earrings.