来源URL: https://web.archive.org/web/20181205054741/https://www.whiteflash.com/confidence/lifetime-trade-up-guarantee/
================================================================================

lifetime trade up guarantee | whiteflash free fedex worldwide shipping free worldwide shipping visit our houston showroom visit our store sign in wish list my cart aud cad eur gbp hkd nzd sgd usd usd 877-612-6770 live chat diamonds diamonds search for diamonds round cushion radiant asscher princess oval emerald pear diamond pair search request a diamond a cut above® diamonds a cut above® hearts and arrows a cut above® collection series a cut above® princess a cut above® specifications engagement rings engagement rings engagement ring search solitaire engagement rings halo engagement rings pave engagement rings 3 stone engagement rings wedding sets custom engagement rings browse all engagement rings designer engagement rings browse all designer collections wedding rings wedding rings wedding ring search diamond wedding rings classic wedding rings eternity wedding rings women's wedding rings men's wedding rings browse all wedding rings designer wedding rings browse all designer collections jewelry jewelry diamond earrings diamond studs diamond drops diamond hoops diamond halos diamond pendants diamond pendants diamond necklaces diamond bracelets diamond bracelets diamond bangles education education education center diamond education jewelry education gems and gemology tips and advice whiteflash news whiteflash policies jewelry care essentials diamond grading diamond cut grading diamond color grading diamond clarity grading princess cut grading laboratory procedures ags vs gia guide to vvs diamonds diamond analytics aset ideal scope hearts and arrows holloway cut advisor (hca) sarine report fluorescence whiteflash diamond imaging why whiteflash why whiteflash about whiteflash social responsibility iso 9000 certified bbb pinnacle award winner fully vetted in-stock diamonds customer testimonials core values 3-year ultimate care plan whiteflash benefits free shipping worldwide life time trade up one year buy back money back guarantee customer loyalty program one year service plan the whiteflash guarantee faq reviews contact call chat email sign in search for diamonds round princess cushion oval radiant emerald asscher pear heart marquise diamond pair search request a diamond a cut above® diamonds a cut above® hearts and arrows a cut above® collection series a cut above® princess a cut above® specifications hearts and arrows diamonds how h&a diamonds are graded benefits of h&a diamonds the c's of diamond education diamond cut diamond certification diamond carat diamond cut basics diamond color diamond cut analysis diamond clarity diamond cost diamond glossary diamond buying guide diamond light performance imaging engagement ring search solitaire engagement rings halo engagement rings pave engagement rings 3 stone engagement rings wedding sets custom engagement rings designer engagement rings browse all designer collections engagement rings education the right way to maintain a diamond ring’s beauty how to select the perfect diamond engagement ring find my ring size platinum vs. white gold diamond setting guide wedding ring search diamond wedding rings classic wedding rings eternity wedding rings women's wedding rings men's wedding rings browse all wedding rings designer wedding rings browse all designer collections the finest wedding rings in houston whether you live in texas or are simply looking for the very best customer service experience around, you’ll find help, support and the finest selection of designer wedding rings in houston at whiteflash. visit our showroom page diamond earrings diamond studs diamond hoops diamond drops diamond halos diamond pendants diamond pendants diamond necklaces dreams of africa collection diamond bracelets diamond bracelets diamond bangles aniversary rings right hand rings men's jewelry gemstones and pearls designer jewelry collections we feature the finest designer jewelry brands including tacori and simon g. in addition, we offer whiteflash original designs and custom designed jewelry created in our state-of-the-art workshop. education center diamond education jewelry education gems and gemology tips and advice whiteflash news whiteflash policies jewelry care essentials diamond grading diamond cut grading diamond color grading diamond clarity grading princess cut grading laboratory procedures ags vs gia guide to vvs diamonds diamond analytics aset ideal scope heart and arrows holloway cut advisor (hca) sarine report fluorescence whiteflash diamond imaging about whiteflash social responsibility iso 9000 certified bbb pinnacle award winner fully vetted in-stock diamonds customer testimonials core values 3-year ultimate care plan whiteflash benefits free shipping worldwide life time trade up one year buy back money back guarantee customer loyalty program one year service plan the whiteflash guarantee the whiteflash store welcome to the whiteflash store! we have created a very special venue for our clients living in or visiting the houston area to come see our products and meet our friendly and knowledgeable staff. our store is open weekdays from 10am-5pm. engagement ring financing sign in call chat email home > confidence > lifetime trade up guarantee lifetime trade up guarantee whiteflash has been a driving force in the modern era bringing both quality and value to the online diamond shopper. our extremely popular 100% lifetime trade-up guarantee is another wonderful benefit of choosing a whiteflash diamond. while most trade-up programs have restrictions or burdensome requirements, the whiteflash trade-up benefit is simple and straight-forward. it allows you to purchase any diamond from our three in-house categories with the knowledge that you will have full stored value to use in the future should you ever wish to trade it for a different diamond. and with the biggest inventory of ideal and super ideal diamonds of any retailer anywhere, wonderful options for upgrades are plentiful. most jewelry stores do not even offer a written trade up guarantee, and those merchants that do usually require their customers to choose a new diamond that is 50% to 100% more expensive, or to increase size, color, clarity or particular combinations, often with very limited inventory options available. still others require their customers to return to the store at regular intervals to have the diamond inspected in order to maintain the trade-up policy. such a requirement is highly impractical for the internet shopper. whiteflash is very different. ours is a hassle-free, no red tape, no fine print, customer- centric benefit. we make sure our program is the best in the business because we want to serve our customers in the way that is best for them. we know that a great trade-up program allows a shopper to buy comfortably within their budget today without compromising quality, and increase size when the time is right. while many buyers plan on upgrading at some point in the future, others who never thought they would trade-up eventually do take advantage of the benefit. 5 year and 10 year anniversaries prove to be great opportunities for upgrades as tastes change and buying power increases. it’s a tremendous benefit to always have in your back pocket! below you will find our uncomplicated trade up policies clearly explained. whiteflash diamonds the purchase of any whiteflash in-house certified diamond automatically qualifies you for our 100% lifetime trade up guarantee. we are so confident in the quality and value of the diamonds we buy for our stock that we offer this valuable benefit on all diamonds in our three in-house categories: a cut above®, expert selection, and premium select. you may trade your qualifying whiteflash diamond at any time for any other single in-house diamond of equal or greater value. credit will be given for full purchase price, less original shipping, for any qualifying trade up. please note: all discounts applied to the original order will be taken off the trade-in credit for the diamond. diamonds must be returned in undamaged condition accompanied by original diamond laboratory certificate. (any modifications, repairs or parts necessary to securely set the new diamond will be charged separately.) shipping and insurance fees to send the original diamond in for a trade-up are the customer’s responsibility although we may facilitate by sending a pre-paid return label. as with all whiteflash products, your satisfaction is guaranteed.  if for any reason you are not completely satisfied with the trade-up diamond you can return it and choose another.  if a desirable alternative is not in stock at that time, you will be issued a special trade-up credit  to be used to execute the trade when a diamond meeting your criteria comes into stock. diamonds in our virtual selection category and other diamonds that may be sourced for customers are not part of whiteflash in-house inventory and are therefore not included in our trade up guarantee. please allow two weeks for lab verification and processing. designer engagement rings in what may be a first in the jewelry industry, designer engagement rings have been added to our trade up benefit. purchasers of designer rings who upgrade their diamonds may not be able to use the same setting, especially when changing the size or shape of the center diamond. this benefit is to help facilitate that process and make it less costly for the customer to execute an upgrade. however, it is not necessary to upgrade your center diamond in order to take advantage of our designer engagement ring benefit. all engagement rings from the collections of our designer partners tacori, verragio, simon g, ritani, danhov and vatche are eligible for trade up to any other single designer item of this group of designers that is equal to or greater in value. 50% of the original sale price for the item will be credited toward the new purchase. *policies subject to change. benefits based upon published policy at the time of purchase and posted on our website. last update 06/07/2018 be inspired by our designer engagement rings find the perfect designer ring for your special diamond by clicking the links below, and let us build the ultimate ring for the love of your life! as featured in as featured in follow us contact us chat now info@whiteflash.com 2150 town square place #330, sugar land, tx 77479 toll free: 1-877-612-6770 • outside usa: 1-832-252-6770 sign up for our newsletter go “winner of the 2015 bbb pinnacle award as the best jeweler in houston, texas” sitemap © 2000 - 2018 whiteflash inc. privacy policy my cart my diamonds my jewelry my diamond pairs last visited products my cart my diamonds my jewelry my diamond pairs find diamonds find jewelry go to my cart continue shopping proceed to checkout find diamonds find jewelry compare remove all find more diamonds compare remove all find more jewelry compare remove all find more diamonds what would you like to do? buy this diamond without setting – you can still add the diamond to a setting later if you decide to do so. buy this diamond with setting. search from our selection of diamond settings to find your perfect ring. what would you like to do? buy this diamond pair without setting – you can still add the diamond pair to a setting later if you decide to do so. buy this diamond pair with earrings. search our selection for studs and earrings to find the perfect match for your diamonds. what would you like to do? buy setting now without diamond. you can add a diamond to this setting later. buy diamond with this setting. choose from our selection of loose diamonds to create your ideal engagement ring. what would you like to do? buy earrings now without diamond. you can add a diamond to these earrings later. buy these earrings with our diamonds. choose from our selection of loose diamonds to create your gorgeous earrings.