来源URL: https://web.archive.org/web/20181205054741/https://www.whiteflash.com/engagement-rings/
================================================================================

engagement rings | diamond engagement rings at whiteflash free fedex worldwide shipping free worldwide shipping visit our houston showroom visit our store sign in wish list my cart aud cad eur gbp hkd nzd sgd usd usd 877-612-6770 live chat diamonds diamonds search for diamonds round cushion radiant asscher princess oval emerald pear diamond pair search request a diamond a cut above® diamonds a cut above® hearts and arrows a cut above® collection series a cut above® princess a cut above® specifications engagement rings engagement rings engagement ring search solitaire engagement rings halo engagement rings pave engagement rings 3 stone engagement rings wedding sets custom engagement rings browse all engagement rings designer engagement rings browse all designer collections wedding rings wedding rings wedding ring search diamond wedding rings classic wedding rings eternity wedding rings women's wedding rings men's wedding rings browse all wedding rings designer wedding rings browse all designer collections jewelry jewelry diamond earrings diamond studs diamond drops diamond hoops diamond halos diamond pendants diamond pendants diamond necklaces diamond bracelets diamond bracelets diamond bangles education education education center diamond education jewelry education gems and gemology tips and advice whiteflash news whiteflash policies jewelry care essentials diamond grading diamond cut grading diamond color grading diamond clarity grading princess cut grading laboratory procedures ags vs gia guide to vvs diamonds diamond analytics aset ideal scope hearts and arrows holloway cut advisor (hca) sarine report fluorescence whiteflash diamond imaging why whiteflash why whiteflash about whiteflash social responsibility iso 9000 certified bbb pinnacle award winner fully vetted in-stock diamonds customer testimonials core values 3-year ultimate care plan whiteflash benefits free shipping worldwide life time trade up one year buy back money back guarantee customer loyalty program one year service plan the whiteflash guarantee faq reviews contact call chat email sign in search for diamonds round princess cushion oval radiant emerald asscher pear heart marquise diamond pair search request a diamond a cut above® diamonds a cut above® hearts and arrows a cut above® collection series a cut above® princess a cut above® specifications hearts and arrows diamonds how h&a diamonds are graded benefits of h&a diamonds the c's of diamond education diamond cut diamond certification diamond carat diamond cut basics diamond color diamond cut analysis diamond clarity diamond cost diamond glossary diamond buying guide diamond light performance imaging engagement ring search solitaire engagement rings halo engagement rings pave engagement rings 3 stone engagement rings wedding sets custom engagement rings designer engagement rings browse all designer collections engagement rings education the right way to maintain a diamond ring’s beauty how to select the perfect diamond engagement ring find my ring size platinum vs. white gold diamond setting guide wedding ring search diamond wedding rings classic wedding rings eternity wedding rings women's wedding rings men's wedding rings browse all wedding rings designer wedding rings browse all designer collections the finest wedding rings in houston whether you live in texas or are simply looking for the very best customer service experience around, you’ll find help, support and the finest selection of designer wedding rings in houston at whiteflash. visit our showroom page diamond earrings diamond studs diamond hoops diamond drops diamond halos diamond pendants diamond pendants diamond necklaces dreams of africa collection diamond bracelets diamond bracelets diamond bangles aniversary rings right hand rings men's jewelry gemstones and pearls designer jewelry collections we feature the finest designer jewelry brands including tacori and simon g. in addition, we offer whiteflash original designs and custom designed jewelry created in our state-of-the-art workshop. education center diamond education jewelry education gems and gemology tips and advice whiteflash news whiteflash policies jewelry care essentials diamond grading diamond cut grading diamond color grading diamond clarity grading princess cut grading laboratory procedures ags vs gia guide to vvs diamonds diamond analytics aset ideal scope heart and arrows holloway cut advisor (hca) sarine report fluorescence whiteflash diamond imaging about whiteflash social responsibility iso 9000 certified bbb pinnacle award winner fully vetted in-stock diamonds customer testimonials core values 3-year ultimate care plan whiteflash benefits free shipping worldwide life time trade up one year buy back money back guarantee customer loyalty program one year service plan the whiteflash guarantee the whiteflash store welcome to the whiteflash store! we have created a very special venue for our clients living in or visiting the houston area to come see our products and meet our friendly and knowledgeable staff. our store is open weekdays from 10am-5pm. engagement ring financing sign in call chat email home > engagement rings diamond engagement rings - the ultimate symbol of love category engagement rings wedding rings wedding sets right hand rings earrings pendants bracelets type diamond fashion gemstones sapphire pearl ruby aquamarine black onyx red quartz amethyst alexandrite topaz garnet citrine style solitaire three stone pavé & side stones halo solitaire three stone pavé & side stones halo studs drops hoops halo bracelets bangles stackable pendants necklaces halo diamond classic eternity women’s men’s designer tacori simon g. verragio a. jaffe ritani vatche danhov benchmark whiteflash collection classico eterna wedding band couture paradiso parisian venetian blooming beauties classic crescent sculpted crescent clean crescent dantela reverse crescent simply tacori starlit anadaré romantique classic classic eleganza classico endless love insignia petite crescent ribbon royalt serenity passion delicate legato champagne per lei crescent abbraccio classic romance renaissance full bloom modern ritani setting masterwork carezza unito voltaggio solo filo seasons of love moon rosé black lightning promise island rains classic rock color medley lilac blossoms bella vita duchess caviar fabled something blue awear dreams of africa simon set natures prime metal platinum white gold yellow gold rose gold palladium alternative diamond shape round princess cushion emerald radiant asscher pear marquise oval heart carat weight ― price range ― order by popularity price: low to high price: high to low load ids load by filters load filtered load all reset reset filters find my size show hide filters sort by : popularity low to high high to low for centuries diamond engagement rings have been the symbol around which couples have joined together in a union of love and devotion. the beauty and durability of a fine diamond in combination with the strength and purity of precious metal continues to evoke the perfect promise of an enduring and wonderful marriage for lovers everywhere. styles of wedding rings vary widely and new styles are continually being created expressing the many individual tastes that make up our world. the classic diamond solitaire so highly associated with one company that it is now referred to generically as the tiffany style engagement ring, is a hugely popular choice. simple and sleek the solitaire gives prominence to the diamond allowing it to sparkle and shine as the lone centerpiece of attention. but gaining rapidly in popularity is a new generation of wedding ring styles accented with smaller diamonds. these diamond settings can be modern in design or made in a vintage motif that honors traditions dating back generations. antique engagement rings are among the most popular styles today. three diamond rings are another popular choice today with their symbolic message of yesterday, today and tomorrow. usually consisting of a center diamond enhanced by two matching smaller diamonds. the three diamond ring creates an impressive display of diamond brilliance and fire and can feature smaller accent diamonds as well for an even fancier look. classic and traditional is the concept of the engagement ring with matching wedding band. while diamond wedding sets are the standard today, some brides opt for a more elaborate standalone ring. this is often the path of choice when creating a custom design that may be wide on the finger and have contours that would not line up with a conventional band. for those that want both, a matching band can also be custom made to fit the contours of the custom engagement ring. the biggest key to any diamond engagement ring are the diamonds that go into them. astute diamond shoppers today understand that the biggest factor in the beauty of a diamond is light performance. fine cut craftsmanship is essential to light performance and that understanding is driving demand for certified ideal cut diamonds. as specialists in ideal diamonds and a manufacturer of top quality engagement rings we understand the extreme importance of your special purchase. the whiteflash team of diamond and jewelry consultants and gemologists are standing by to give you all the guidance and help that you may need to find the perfect style and expression of love for you. feel free to contact us by phone, email, or chat. we look forward to serving you! be inspired by our designer engagement rings find the perfect designer ring for your special diamond by clicking the links below, and let us build the ultimate ring for the love of your life! as featured in as featured in follow us contact us chat now info@whiteflash.com 2150 town square place #330, sugar land, tx 77479 toll free: 1-877-612-6770 • outside usa: 1-832-252-6770 sign up for our newsletter go “winner of the 2015 bbb pinnacle award as the best jeweler in houston, texas” sitemap © 2000 - 2018 whiteflash inc. privacy policy my cart my diamonds my jewelry my diamond pairs last visited products my cart my diamonds my jewelry my diamond pairs find diamonds find jewelry go to my cart continue shopping proceed to checkout find diamonds find jewelry compare remove all find more diamonds compare remove all find more jewelry compare remove all find more diamonds what would you like to do? buy this diamond without setting – you can still add the diamond to a setting later if you decide to do so. buy this diamond with setting. search from our selection of diamond settings to find your perfect ring. what would you like to do? buy this diamond pair without setting – you can still add the diamond pair to a setting later if you decide to do so. buy this diamond pair with earrings. search our selection for studs and earrings to find the perfect match for your diamonds. what would you like to do? buy setting now without diamond. you can add a diamond to this setting later. buy diamond with this setting. choose from our selection of loose diamonds to create your ideal engagement ring. what would you like to do? buy earrings now without diamond. you can add a diamond to these earrings later. buy these earrings with our diamonds. choose from our selection of loose diamonds to create your gorgeous earrings.