来源URL: https://web.archive.org/web/20181205054741/https://www.whiteflash.com/engagement-rings/custom-design/
================================================================================

custom jewelry | custom engagement rings | whiteflash free fedex worldwide shipping free worldwide shipping visit our houston showroom visit our store sign in wish list my cart aud cad eur gbp hkd nzd sgd usd usd 877-612-6770 live chat diamonds diamonds search for diamonds round cushion radiant asscher princess oval emerald pear diamond pair search request a diamond a cut above® diamonds a cut above® hearts and arrows a cut above® collection series a cut above® princess a cut above® specifications engagement rings engagement rings engagement ring search solitaire engagement rings halo engagement rings pave engagement rings 3 stone engagement rings wedding sets custom engagement rings browse all engagement rings designer engagement rings browse all designer collections wedding rings wedding rings wedding ring search diamond wedding rings classic wedding rings eternity wedding rings women's wedding rings men's wedding rings browse all wedding rings designer wedding rings browse all designer collections jewelry jewelry diamond earrings diamond studs diamond drops diamond hoops diamond halos diamond pendants diamond pendants diamond necklaces diamond bracelets diamond bracelets diamond bangles education education education center diamond education jewelry education gems and gemology tips and advice whiteflash news whiteflash policies jewelry care essentials diamond grading diamond cut grading diamond color grading diamond clarity grading princess cut grading laboratory procedures ags vs gia guide to vvs diamonds diamond analytics aset ideal scope hearts and arrows holloway cut advisor (hca) sarine report fluorescence whiteflash diamond imaging why whiteflash why whiteflash about whiteflash social responsibility iso 9000 certified bbb pinnacle award winner fully vetted in-stock diamonds customer testimonials core values 3-year ultimate care plan whiteflash benefits free shipping worldwide life time trade up one year buy back money back guarantee customer loyalty program one year service plan the whiteflash guarantee faq reviews contact call chat email sign in search for diamonds round princess cushion oval radiant emerald asscher pear heart marquise diamond pair search request a diamond a cut above® diamonds a cut above® hearts and arrows a cut above® collection series a cut above® princess a cut above® specifications hearts and arrows diamonds how h&a diamonds are graded benefits of h&a diamonds the c's of diamond education diamond cut diamond certification diamond carat diamond cut basics diamond color diamond cut analysis diamond clarity diamond cost diamond glossary diamond buying guide diamond light performance imaging engagement ring search solitaire engagement rings halo engagement rings pave engagement rings 3 stone engagement rings wedding sets custom engagement rings designer engagement rings browse all designer collections engagement rings education the right way to maintain a diamond ring’s beauty how to select the perfect diamond engagement ring find my ring size platinum vs. white gold diamond setting guide wedding ring search diamond wedding rings classic wedding rings eternity wedding rings women's wedding rings men's wedding rings browse all wedding rings designer wedding rings browse all designer collections the finest wedding rings in houston whether you live in texas or are simply looking for the very best customer service experience around, you’ll find help, support and the finest selection of designer wedding rings in houston at whiteflash. visit our showroom page diamond earrings diamond studs diamond hoops diamond drops diamond halos diamond pendants diamond pendants diamond necklaces dreams of africa collection diamond bracelets diamond bracelets diamond bangles aniversary rings right hand rings men's jewelry gemstones and pearls designer jewelry collections we feature the finest designer jewelry brands including tacori and simon g. in addition, we offer whiteflash original designs and custom designed jewelry created in our state-of-the-art workshop. education center diamond education jewelry education gems and gemology tips and advice whiteflash news whiteflash policies jewelry care essentials diamond grading diamond cut grading diamond color grading diamond clarity grading princess cut grading laboratory procedures ags vs gia guide to vvs diamonds diamond analytics aset ideal scope heart and arrows holloway cut advisor (hca) sarine report fluorescence whiteflash diamond imaging about whiteflash social responsibility iso 9000 certified bbb pinnacle award winner fully vetted in-stock diamonds customer testimonials core values 3-year ultimate care plan whiteflash benefits free shipping worldwide life time trade up one year buy back money back guarantee customer loyalty program one year service plan the whiteflash guarantee the whiteflash store welcome to the whiteflash store! we have created a very special venue for our clients living in or visiting the houston area to come see our products and meet our friendly and knowledgeable staff. our store is open weekdays from 10am-5pm. engagement ring financing sign in call chat email home > engagement rings > custom design whiteflash custom jewelry design our team of highly skilled and experienced craftsman are ready to take your ideas from concept to dazzling finished product. it is a step by step process that gives you a high level of creative control in bringing your vision to life. the end result is a top quality jewelry piece that is as intimately personal as it is beautiful. the work is done on premises by whiteflash jewelers in our own workshop, and most projects are completed in a matter of weeks. if you are interested in exploring a custom design project and obtaining a free quote, please fill out the short form below so that one of our friendly and knowledgeable diamond and jewelry consultants can contact you. please supply any information you would like to help us understand your vision. there is also a button to upload any photos or drawings that would be helpful in communicating the design elements that are important to you. custom design request first name* first name is required last name* last name is required email address* your email is required your email is invalid phone number best time to call? how did you hear about us? referral reviews previous purchase google bing yahoo pricescope ivouch yelp ags bbb kiplinger's rarecarat top 10 wedding vendors beyond4cs prosumer diamonds odba ringspo brides and rings your diamond teacher your diamond guru your diamond guide credit donkey diamdb my top 10 diamond websites my engagement ring experience pinterest weddingbee other forum other search engine facebook twitter email press release flickr redflagdeals blog verragio designs simon g designs tacori designs ritani designs danhov designs purseblog vatche designs benchmark diamondreview.com other unknown upload images please provide a description of your project submit custom design services design the engagement ring of your dreams our custom design and manufacturing service is provided for customers looking for something unique and different. before deciding on going the custom route, we strongly advise customers to browse through our catalogue of fine designer brands. you may find that what you are looking for is readily available, or you may find something you like even better than what you originally had in mind! many styles offered by each designer may not be in the whiteflash catalogue but are available. if you visit the designer's website and find something you like, let us know. all designs offered by these fine companies are available through whiteflash and we will be happy to get you a quote. the designers will also do some customizations in order to tailor the piece to individual preferences. you may also like to browse the whiteflash design gallery to see our extensive portfolio of custom projects done for customers over the years. the gallery is organized by jewelry type. you can click on the images within each type to see more details of the project. you may find it helpful to reference these listings in communicating your design ideas to us. *please note that whiteflash does not engage in the practice of copying designs that belong to other designers. duplication of copyright designs is both unethical and illegal. you should use caution doing business with any jeweler who offers to copy another designer's intellectual property as it is a red flag that the jeweler may be involved in other unethical practices regarding the quality and authenticity of the products or services they offer. recent custom designs custom design process unique and personal choosing to do a custom jewelry design project is an exciting and rewarding endeavor. whether you choose to do something completely creative or simply put together classic design elements in your own way, a custom made jewelry piece is very personal and special. evaluation and quotation whiteflash offers an outstanding custom jewelry design service specializing in engagement rings and matching wedding bands. whiteflash custom design is reserved for certified diamonds purchased from whiteflash. it is a step by step process that will give you utmost confidence in the design and allow for some changes before the piece goes to production. confirmation and payment there is no charge to have our team evaluate your project and provide you with a firm quote. upon acceptance of the quote an order confirmation will be sent to you. full payment is required to begin designing your project in cad (computer aided design). full payment of any certified diamond or other feature gemstone going into the custom piece is also required for work to begin. cad rendering and approval upon receipt of payment your order will be sent to our senior designer who will gather all specific details in order to create your special piece. he will then build your design in his cad software enabling him to send you computer “renderings” (images that look very lifelike), for your evaluation and approval. one minor revision of the design is permitted at no additional charge. you can expect to receive your renderings by email in approximately 7 business days. refund policy and production if, for any reason, you decide not to proceed to production at this point you will be refunded the amount of your payment less a $250 non-refundable design fee. upon design approval the piece proceeds to our state-of-the-art production facility to be manufactured. at this point your custom project is non-refundable. building your piece takes approximately 12 business days. revisions and timetable most projects go from start to finish in about a month, but delays in design approval or payment will impact final timeline. revisions to the design will add to delivery time, and changes beyond the one free modification will result in additional charges (up to $250 for an essentially new design). creative photography and secure delivery upon completion of your project our photography team will capture beautiful creative digital images of your special creation. these images are a joy to share with family and friends or post to sites like facebook and pinterest. once photography is done and the piece has been put through the final steps of quality control, it will be shipped to you via insured fedex delivery. our logistics department will communicate with you to coordinate secure shipping. design gallery for custom jewelry design ideas you can visit our design gallery. and to hear what whiteflash customers have to say their special pieces, please read our customer reviews. please feel free to give us a call at 877-612-6770 if you have any further questions or if you would like a free quote. be inspired by our designer engagement rings find the perfect designer ring for your special diamond by clicking the links below, and let us build the ultimate ring for the love of your life! as featured in as featured in follow us contact us chat now info@whiteflash.com 2150 town square place #330, sugar land, tx 77479 toll free: 1-877-612-6770 • outside usa: 1-832-252-6770 sign up for our newsletter go “winner of the 2015 bbb pinnacle award as the best jeweler in houston, texas” sitemap © 2000 - 2019 whiteflash inc. privacy policy my cart my diamonds my jewelry my diamond pairs last visited products my cart my diamonds my jewelry my diamond pairs find diamonds find jewelry go to my cart continue shopping proceed to checkout find diamonds find jewelry compare remove all find more diamonds compare remove all find more jewelry compare remove all find more diamonds what would you like to do? buy this diamond without setting – you can still add the diamond to a setting later if you decide to do so. buy this diamond with setting. search from our selection of diamond settings to find your perfect ring. what would you like to do? buy this diamond pair without setting – you can still add the diamond pair to a setting later if you decide to do so. buy this diamond pair with earrings. search our selection for studs and earrings to find the perfect match for your diamonds. what would you like to do? buy setting now without diamond. you can add a diamond to this setting later. buy diamond with this setting. choose from our selection of loose diamonds to create your ideal engagement ring. what would you like to do? buy earrings now without diamond. you can add a diamond to these earrings later. buy these earrings with our diamonds. choose from our selection of loose diamonds to create your gorgeous earrings.