来源URL: https://web.archive.org/web/20191219204131/https://www.whiteflash.com/confidence/social-responsibility/
================================================================================

social responsibility – whiteflash free fedex worldwide shipping free worldwide shipping visit our houston showroom visit our store sign in wish list my cart aud cad eur gbp hkd nzd sgd usd usd 877-612-6770 live chat diamonds diamonds search loose diamonds round cushion radiant asscher princess oval emerald pear diamond pair search request a diamond a cut above® diamonds a cut above® hearts and arrows a cut above® collection series a cut above® princess a cut above® specifications engagement rings engagement rings engagement ring search solitaire engagement rings halo engagement rings pave engagement rings 3 stone engagement rings wedding sets custom engagement rings browse all engagement rings designer engagement rings simon g. а. jaffe ritani verragio tacori vatche valoria danhov benchmark browse all designer collections wedding rings wedding rings wedding ring search diamond wedding rings classic wedding rings eternity wedding rings women's wedding rings men's wedding rings browse all wedding rings designer wedding rings simon g. wedding rings a. jaffe wedding rings ritani wedding rings verragio wedding rings tacori wedding rings vatche wedding rings valoria danhov wedding rings benchmark wedding rings browse all designer collections jewelry jewelry diamond earrings diamond studs diamond drops diamond hoops diamond halos diamond pendants diamond pendants diamond necklaces diamond bracelets diamond bracelets diamond bangles education education education center diamond education jewelry education gems and gemology tips and advice whiteflash news whiteflash policies jewelry care essentials diamond grading diamond cut grading diamond color grading diamond clarity grading princess cut grading laboratory procedures ags vs gia guide to vvs diamonds diamond analytics aset ideal scope hearts and arrows holloway cut advisor (hca) sarine report fluorescence whiteflash diamond imaging why whiteflash why whiteflash about whiteflash social responsibility iso 9000 certified bbb pinnacle award winner fully vetted in-stock diamonds customer testimonials core values ultimate care plan whiteflash benefits free shipping worldwide life time trade up one year buy back money back guarantee customer loyalty program one year service plan the whiteflash guarantee faq reviews contact call chat email sign in search loose diamonds round princess cushion oval radiant emerald asscher pear heart marquise diamond pair search request a diamond a cut above® diamonds a cut above® hearts and arrows a cut above® collection series a cut above® princess a cut above® specifications hearts and arrows diamonds how h&a diamonds are graded benefits of h&a diamonds the c's of diamond education diamond cut diamond certification diamond carat diamond cut basics diamond color diamond cut analysis diamond clarity diamond cost diamond glossary diamond buying guide diamond light performance imaging engagement ring search solitaire engagement rings halo engagement rings pave engagement rings 3 stone engagement rings wedding sets custom engagement rings designer engagement rings simon g. а. jaffe ritani verragio tacori vatche valoria danhov benchmark engagement rings education the right way to maintain a diamond ring’s beauty how to select the perfect diamond engagement ring find my ring size platinum vs. white gold diamond setting guide wedding ring search diamond wedding rings classic wedding rings eternity wedding rings women's wedding rings men's wedding rings browse all wedding rings designer wedding rings simon g. wedding rings a. jaffe wedding rings ritani wedding rings verragio wedding rings tacori wedding rings vatche wedding rings valoria wedding rings danhov wedding rings benchmark wedding rings the finest wedding rings in houston whether you live in texas or are simply looking for the very best customer service experience around, you’ll find help, support and the finest selection of designer wedding rings in houston at whiteflash. visit our showroom page diamond earrings diamond studs diamond hoops diamond drops diamond halos diamond pendants diamond pendants diamond necklaces dreams of africa collection diamond bracelets diamond bracelets diamond bangles aniversary rings right hand rings men's jewelry gemstones and pearls designer jewelry collections we feature the finest designer jewelry brands including tacori and simon g. in addition, we offer whiteflash original designs and custom designed jewelry created in our state-of-the-art workshop. simon g jewelry tacori jewelry education center diamond education jewelry education gems and gemology tips and advice whiteflash news whiteflash policies jewelry care essentials diamond grading diamond cut grading diamond color grading diamond clarity grading princess cut grading laboratory procedures ags vs gia guide to vvs diamonds diamond analytics aset ideal scope heart and arrows holloway cut advisor (hca) sarine report fluorescence whiteflash diamond imaging about whiteflash social responsibility iso 9000 certified bbb pinnacle award winner fully vetted in-stock diamonds customer testimonials core values ultimate care plan whiteflash benefits free shipping worldwide life time trade up one year buy back money back guarantee customer loyalty program one year service plan the whiteflash guarantee the whiteflash store welcome to the whiteflash store! we have created a very special venue for our clients living in or visiting the houston area to come see our products and meet our friendly and knowledgeable staff. our store is open weekdays from 10am-5pm. engagement ring financing sign in call chat email home > social responsibility – whiteflash whiteflash social responsibility the business community has a central role in making the world a better place for all. companies have a unique opportunity to positively impact the communities in which they operate by raising awareness among their own staff, their vendors and their customers of important issues affecting an increasingly interconnected world. whiteflash sees that as both an opportunity and a responsibility. because we can make a difference, we have a social obligation to try to do so. because we can make a difference, we are motivated and energized to explore ways that we can positively impact our planet and our fellow man. conflict free diamonds a baseline commitment that must first be met by any responsible diamond company is an unequivocal pledge to actively avoid any diamond not coming through legitimate sources. whiteflash takes that responsibility very seriously and deals only in legitimately sourced, conflict free diamonds. we buy only from suppliers who pledge to operate in strict compliance with the kimberley process and who support united nations resolutions prohibiting the trade in diamonds that fuel conflict. jewelers for children whiteflash supports jewelers for children by dedicating the profits from a unique line of themed jewelry to fund our contribution. we have created a special page to feature the dreams of africa collection. sales of these items provide the funding for our contribution to jewelers for children. this wonderful organization partners with the make a wish foundation and several other great children’s charities. as members of the american gem society, whiteflash is proud to support a great cause that is near and dear to ags and to the jewelry industry in general. as the industry’s charity, jewelers for children (jfc) is generously supported by those who create and sell fine jewelry and watches. manufacturers, retail jewelers, trade associations, watch companies and those who provide professional services to the jewelry industry unite on behalf of children. since 1999, more than $ 45 million has been invested in special program to reach children whose lives have been devastated by catastrophic illness or life-threatening abuse and neglect. un global compact over the years whiteflash has developed a framework for engagement in the area of social responsibility that centers on our membership in the united nations global compact. the un global compact is an organization that brings together businesses (over 8,000 companies and 150 countries) for the purpose of coordinating efforts to address the pressing issues and challenges of our time. the work is focused in the areas of human rights, fair labor practices, sustainable environmental practices, and anti-corruption efforts. it also serves as a sort of roadmap for whiteflash in finding the best ways to apply our resources to efforts in these areas. through our membership in un global compact we add our support to a network of like minded companies working toward these larger goals. we are also able to make direct, targeted donations to emergency causes that require the world community to come together in situations requiring immediate action. for instance, we were able to make direct cash contributions to emergency funds to help control the ebola epidemic in west africa, and for relief to devastated communities affected by the catastrophic earthquake in nepal. through the auspices of the united nations, the success of the millennium development goals dramatically demonstrates what can be achieved when governments, businesses and non-governmental organizations come together in a collaborative and coordinated way to address big challenges. the progress made in 15 years in addressing extreme poverty, sanitation, and education is nothing short of remarkable. much work is obviously still to be done, but all those involved have a clear vision of the path ahead and are motivated by the extent of the initial achievements. diamond development initiative the kimberley process is a certification and tracking regimen put in place to verify that rough diamonds have been sourced through legitimate means. this effort which represented an historic coming together of governments, industry and ngo’s has been highly successful in stemming much of the conflict diamond problem. we at whiteflash feel that endorsement and adherence to the kp should certainly be a basic expectation for any company selling diamonds. but it is not enough. that is why we take it a big step forward by proactively supporting efforts aimed at beneficiation of those doing this work at the raw resource level of our industry. our support of the diamond development initiative fits the un framework and is also highly related to our industry in its dedication to artisanal diamond miners and their communities. these are largely rural and poor communities that have been the victims of serious human rights abuses over the years. while highly mechanized “big dig” mining is highly controlled, secured and monitored, artisan miners are essentially diggers using hand tools to comb river beds and other surface areas where diamonds have been scattered about through erosion. because of the nature of this type of diamond “mining”, these folks have been subject to forces who seek to exploit them. targeted support for these communities by the ddi is aimed at giving the artisanal miners a voice and returning a fair portion of the profits from the diamond resource to fund health and education and to encourage business and community development in these areas. gravity light in exploring other ways that we might be of service to people in rural diamond mining areas we came across another fabulous initiative. the gravity light is an ingenious product designed and developed by some amazing people as a means of eliminating the use of the kerosene lamp and the cost, dangers and environmental damage it entails. some 1.3 billion people on the planet do not have access to electricity or only sporadic access. for most of those people the improvised kerosene lamp is their solution for indoor lighting. in addition to the toxic fumes, fire hazard, and large release of greenhouse gasses, connected with the use of kerosene, the financial cost associated with the fuel for the very poor can create a cycle of poverty that prevents escape. this is the problem that the developers of the gravity light went about to try to solve. through ingenuity, hard work and perseverance they created a device that can light a home without fuel or batteries of any kind. it is powered by the ever-present force of gravity. and they have figured out how to manufacture it for $6 per unit- the price at which mass distribution becomes viable. it is a price that pays for itself within weeks of first use and without any of the dangers or ill effects of kerosene. whiteflash is a supporter of the gravity light initiative which has tremendous promise for significantly improving the lives of children and families in the diamond mining areas of africa and all over the globe. take a few minutes to learn about the development of gravity light from jim reeves, the technical director of the project. it is quite inspiring! whiteflash has leveraged our membership in the ddi to introduce that organization to the gravity light, a connection that may help to spread the product and its benefits to communities of artisanal diamond miners. as specialists in diamonds of the finest cut quality, we are experts in light performance. it is therefore almost poetic that we join put our support behind another provider of extraordinary light performance! whiteflash cares we care about making a difference in the world. our mission is more than making and keeping customers. more than providing excellent products and services. and more than just providing good jobs and a healthy workplace. it is important to us that we also make a positive contribution to the health and well being of our neighbors and our planet. be inspired by our designer engagement rings find the perfect designer ring for your special diamond by clicking the links below, and let us build the ultimate ring for the love of your life! as featured in as featured in follow us contact us chat now info@whiteflash.com 2150 town square place #330, sugar land, tx 77479 toll free: 1-877-612-6770 • outside usa: 1-832-252-6770 sign up for our newsletter go “winner of the 2020 bbb award for excellence as the best jeweler in houston, texas” sitemap © 2000 - 2020 whiteflash inc. privacy policy my cart my diamonds my jewelry my diamond pairs last visited products my cart my diamonds my jewelry my diamond pairs find diamonds find jewelry go to my cart continue shopping proceed to checkout find diamonds find jewelry compare remove all find more diamonds compare remove all find more jewelry compare remove all find more diamonds what would you like to do? buy this diamond without setting – you can still add the diamond to a setting later if you decide to do so. buy this diamond with setting. search from our selection of diamond settings to find your perfect ring. what would you like to do? buy this diamond pair without setting – you can still add the diamond pair to a setting later if you decide to do so. buy this diamond pair with earrings. search our selection for studs and earrings to find the perfect match for your diamonds. what would you like to do? buy setting now without diamond. you can add a diamond to this setting later. buy diamond with this setting. choose from our selection of loose diamonds to create your ideal engagement ring. what would you like to do? buy earrings now without diamond. you can add a diamond to these earrings later. buy these earrings with our diamonds. choose from our selection of loose diamonds to create your gorgeous earrings.