来源URL: https://web.archive.org/web/20191219204131/https://www.whiteflash.com/about-diamonds/diamond-education/the-4-cs-carat.htm
================================================================================

what is diamond carat? | a guide to diamond carat weight free fedex worldwide shipping free worldwide shipping visit our houston showroom visit our store sign in wish list my cart aud cad eur gbp hkd nzd sgd usd usd 877-612-6770 live chat diamonds diamonds search loose diamonds round cushion radiant asscher princess oval emerald pear diamond pair search request a diamond a cut above® diamonds a cut above® hearts and arrows a cut above® collection series a cut above® princess a cut above® specifications engagement rings engagement rings engagement ring search solitaire engagement rings halo engagement rings pave engagement rings 3 stone engagement rings wedding sets custom engagement rings browse all engagement rings designer engagement rings simon g. а. jaffe ritani verragio tacori vatche valoria danhov benchmark browse all designer collections wedding rings wedding rings wedding ring search diamond wedding rings classic wedding rings eternity wedding rings women's wedding rings men's wedding rings browse all wedding rings designer wedding rings simon g. wedding rings a. jaffe wedding rings ritani wedding rings verragio wedding rings tacori wedding rings vatche wedding rings valoria danhov wedding rings benchmark wedding rings browse all designer collections jewelry jewelry diamond earrings diamond studs diamond drops diamond hoops diamond halos diamond pendants diamond pendants diamond necklaces diamond bracelets diamond bracelets diamond bangles education education education center diamond education jewelry education gems and gemology whiteflash blog whiteflash news whiteflash policies jewelry care essentials diamond grading diamond cut grading diamond color grading diamond clarity grading princess cut grading laboratory procedures ags vs gia guide to vvs diamonds diamond analytics aset ideal scope hearts and arrows holloway cut advisor (hca) sarine report fluorescence whiteflash diamond imaging why whiteflash why whiteflash about whiteflash social responsibility iso 9000 certified bbb pinnacle award winner fully vetted in-stock diamonds customer testimonials core values ultimate care plan whiteflash benefits free shipping worldwide life time trade up one year buy back money back guarantee customer loyalty program one year service plan the whiteflash guarantee faq reviews contact call chat email sign in search loose diamonds round princess cushion oval radiant emerald asscher pear heart marquise diamond pair search request a diamond a cut above® diamonds a cut above® hearts and arrows a cut above® collection series a cut above® princess a cut above® specifications hearts and arrows diamonds how h&a diamonds are graded benefits of h&a diamonds the c's of diamond education diamond cut (shape) diamond certification diamond carat diamond cut basics diamond color diamond cut analysis diamond clarity diamond cost diamond glossary diamond buying guide diamond light performance imaging engagement ring search solitaire engagement rings halo engagement rings pave engagement rings 3 stone engagement rings wedding sets custom engagement rings designer engagement rings simon g. а. jaffe ritani verragio tacori vatche valoria danhov benchmark engagement rings education the right way to maintain a diamond ring’s beauty how to select the perfect diamond engagement ring find my ring size platinum vs. white gold diamond setting guide wedding ring search diamond wedding rings classic wedding rings eternity wedding rings women's wedding rings men's wedding rings browse all wedding rings designer wedding rings simon g. wedding rings a. jaffe wedding rings ritani wedding rings verragio wedding rings tacori wedding rings vatche wedding rings valoria wedding rings danhov wedding rings benchmark wedding rings the finest wedding rings in houston whether you live in texas or are simply looking for the very best customer service experience around, you’ll find help, support and the finest selection of designer wedding rings in houston at whiteflash. visit our showroom page diamond earrings diamond studs diamond hoops diamond drops diamond halos diamond pendants diamond pendants diamond necklaces dreams of africa collection diamond bracelets diamond bracelets diamond bangles aniversary rings right hand rings men's jewelry gemstones and pearls designer jewelry collections we feature the finest designer jewelry brands including tacori and simon g. in addition, we offer whiteflash original designs and custom designed jewelry created in our state-of-the-art workshop. simon g jewelry tacori jewelry education center diamond education jewelry education gems and gemology whiteflash blog whiteflash news whiteflash policies engagement ring care diamond grading ags cut grading ags color grading ags clarity grading ags princess cut grading ags laboratory procedures ags vs gia guide to vvs diamonds diamond analytics aset ideal scope heart and arrows holloway cut advisor (hca) sarine report fluorescence whiteflash diamond imaging about whiteflash social responsibility iso 9000 certified bbb pinnacle award winner fully vetted in-stock diamonds customer testimonials core values ultimate care plan whiteflash benefits free shipping worldwide life time trade up one year buy back money back guarantee customer loyalty program one year service plan the whiteflash guarantee the whiteflash store welcome to the whiteflash store! we have created a very special venue for our clients living in or visiting the houston area to come see our products and meet our friendly and knowledgeable staff. our store is open weekdays from 10am-5pm. engagement ring financing sign in call chat email home  > education  > diamond education  > the 4 c's - diamond carat weight | whiteflash the 4 c’s - a complete buyer's guide to diamond carat weightby bryan boyne (g.g.) of the commonly referred to “4 c’s” of diamond quality, “carat” is one of the first things mentioned when talking about diamonds. while it is the most basic physical attribute of a diamond, there are some important things that you should know to fully understand the first “c”- diamond carat. diamond carat weight carat is a measure of weight. the weight of a diamond is expressed in carats. this term comes from ancient times when gems were weighed against the carob bean. one carat is equal to 200 milligrams, or one fifth of a gram. while there is a general correlation of weight to size, diamonds with the same carat weight can vary greatly in terms of their actual dimensions. because diamonds are sold by the carat, diamond cutters tend to want to retain as much weight as possible from the rough they buy. by proportioning diamonds for maximum carat yield, many diamonds are cut deeper or thicker at the girdle. this results in diamonds that are smaller looking than their carat weight would indicate and commonly suffer from significant light performance deficits as well. in other cases, a piece of rough might be able to yield a diamond with larger dimensions by cutting it shallow. this will also result in a diamond that will have weak light return. the weight to size ratio of a diamond is referred to as “spread”. proper cutting is essential to diamond light performance, sparkle and beauty, and weight ratio (spread) is another indication of diamond cut quality. points and grains carat weight is sometimes expressed in “points”. these are percentage points of a carat where one point equals 1/100th of a carat, so 25 points is equal to a quarter of carat and 50 points is equal to half of a carat. in early times diamond weight was also compared to grains of rice. four grains of rice were equal in weight to a carob bean. diamond dealers still use the term when referring to general sizes such as “three grainer” for diamonds in the .70-.79 ct range, or “five grainer” for diamonds in the one and a quarter carat range. carat weight and cost as carat weight gets larger, the value of the diamond increases disproportionately. this is because pieces of rough material are increasingly rare with size. over a million pieces of rough must be mined to find one piece large enough to produce a 1 carat finished diamond. the result is that a diamond twice as large as a smaller one of the same quality may be three or more times as expensive, depending on the specifics of the market. diamond prices are determined by market forces of supply and demand. cost, which is sometimes referred to as the 5th c, is to some extent driven by rarity factors that don’t impact diamond beauty to any meaningful extent. please see these helpful guides on the effects of diamond clarity and diamond color grades on diamond beauty. diamond magic marks prices per carat increase at certain size thresholds, sometimes referred to as “magic marks”. for example, the price per carat is higher for a 1.00 f vs2 diamond than .90 f vs2. the compounding effect on total price of a lower price per carat and slightly less carat weight can result in a significant savings in total price, even though the visual size might be very close. if the diamond of your dreams is above your intended budget, you may want to think about purchasing a diamond of the same color and clarity just under the threshold of the weight that you have in mind. of course, diamond manufacturers are very conscious of market valuations, so most diamonds are produced to finish at or just above such thresholds. the market also tends to adjust for the increased demand in these areas, particularly in ideal cut diamonds. total carat weight combined diamond weight in a finished jewelry piece is referred to as ‘carat total weight’ and abbreviated ‘ct.tw.’ for example, a three stone diamond ring set with three diamonds, each weighing 1/3 carat, weighs approximately a total of one carat or 1.00 ct. tw. sometimes you will also see jewelry pieces, often containing colored gemstones, stated “total gem weight”.for additional reading we have detailed carat guides on the following sizes:• 1 carat diamond ring buying guide • 2 carat diamond ring buying guide• 3 carat diamond ring buying guide • 4 carat diamond ring buying guide• 5 carat diamond ring buying guide carat weight and cut as stated above carat weight is not the same thing as size, although there is correlation. it is cut craftsmanship that can impact significantly both the actual dimensions and apparent size of the diamond. diamonds cut too shallow may have a larger spread than it should, while diamonds cut too deep have a smaller spread. too shallow and too deep are both undesirable. a superior cut will result in light being returned to the eye from the entire top of the diamond. this “edge-to-edge” light performance will enable the diamond to appear larger than diamonds of the same size that are not cut as well. in the example below both diamonds are the same size but the ideal cut diamond on the left looks larger because it is returning light from edge to edge. (image courtesy of garry holloway) the most important thing to remember about the diamond 4c’s is that while carat is a value factor, cut is king! carat weight to millimeter size conversion as stated above the relationship between carat weight and actual dimension varies according to the cut quality of the diamond. the chart below provides an approximate conversion for well-cut round diamonds. carat or karat? the term karat has a slightly different meaning. it too came from the carob seed, but became a variant dealing strictly with gold. its definition states that a karat is “a unit for measuring the fineness of gold, pure gold being 24 karats fine”. pure gold is extremely soft and when used in jewelry can easily be damaged. therefore, copper, or another metal alloy is mixed with the gold. 24 karat gold is completely pure, while 18 karat gold will have 18 parts gold and the other six parts will be the other alloy (75% pure). 14 karat gold would be 14 parts gold and 10 parts alloy, and so on. in the united states of america, karat markings are always designated with a “k”, never a “c”. stamping of gold purity on jewelry items is regulated by law. these distinctions between carat and karat should help to clear up any confusion of the terms. this knowledge is definitely essential when making any significant jewelry purchases. recommended for you diamond cut - the most important of the 4 c's the 4 c's - a guide to diamond clarity and diamond grading the 4 c's - diamond cut: cut grading and buying guide the 4 c's - diamond color grading chart and buying guide diamond cut - the most important of the 4 c's the 4 c's - a guide to diamond clarity and diamond grading the 4 c's - diamond cut: cut grading and buying guide the 4 c's - diamond color grading chart and buying guide be inspired by our designer engagement rings find the perfect designer ring for your special diamond by clicking the links below, and let us build the ultimate ring for the love of your life! as featured in as featured in follow us contact us chat now info@whiteflash.com 2150 town square place #330, sugar land, tx 77479 toll free: 1-877-612-6770 • outside usa: 1-832-252-6770 sign up for our newsletter go “winner of the better business bureau’s top honor – the bbb 2020 pinnacle award!” sitemap © 2000 - 2020 whiteflash inc. privacy policy my cart my diamonds my jewelry my diamond pairs last visited products my cart my diamonds my jewelry my diamond pairs find diamonds find jewelry go to my cart continue shopping proceed to checkout find diamonds find jewelry compare remove all find more diamonds compare remove all find more jewelry compare remove all find more diamonds what would you like to do? buy this diamond without setting – you can still add the diamond to a setting later if you decide to do so. buy this diamond with setting. search from our selection of diamond settings to find your perfect ring. what would you like to do? buy this diamond pair without setting – you can still add the diamond pair to a setting later if you decide to do so. buy this diamond pair with earrings. search our selection for studs and earrings to find the perfect match for your diamonds. what would you like to do? buy setting now without diamond. you can add a diamond to this setting later. buy diamond with this setting. choose from our selection of loose diamonds to create your ideal engagement ring. what would you like to do? buy earrings now without diamond. you can add a diamond to these earrings later. buy these earrings with our diamonds. choose from our selection of loose diamonds to create your gorgeous earrings.