来源URL: https://web.archive.org/web/20201226134340/https://www.whiteflash.com/confidence/the-whiteflash-guarantee/
================================================================================

the whiteflash guarantee free fedex worldwide shipping free worldwide shipping visit our houston showroom visit our store sign in wish list my cart aud cad eur gbp hkd nzd sgd usd usd 877-612-6770 live chat diamonds diamonds search loose diamonds round cushion radiant asscher princess oval emerald pear diamond pair search request a diamond a cut above® diamonds a cut above® hearts and arrows a cut above® collection series a cut above® princess a cut above® specifications engagement rings engagement rings engagement ring search solitaire engagement rings halo engagement rings pave engagement rings 3 stone engagement rings wedding sets custom engagement rings browse all engagement rings designer engagement rings simon g. а. jaffe ritani verragio tacori vatche valoria danhov benchmark browse all designer collections wedding rings wedding rings wedding ring search diamond wedding rings classic wedding rings eternity wedding rings women's wedding rings men's wedding rings browse all wedding rings designer wedding rings simon g. wedding rings a. jaffe wedding rings ritani wedding rings verragio wedding rings tacori wedding rings vatche wedding rings valoria danhov wedding rings benchmark wedding rings browse all designer collections jewelry jewelry diamond earrings diamond studs diamond drops diamond hoops diamond halos diamond pendants diamond pendants diamond necklaces diamond bracelets diamond bracelets diamond bangles education education education center diamond education jewelry education gems and gemology infographics whiteflash blog whiteflash policies jewelry care essentials diamond grading diamond cut grading diamond color grading diamond clarity grading princess cut grading laboratory procedures ags vs gia guide to vvs diamonds diamond analytics aset ideal scope hearts and arrows holloway cut advisor (hca) sarine report fluorescence whiteflash diamond imaging why whiteflash why whiteflash about whiteflash social responsibility iso 9000 certified bbb pinnacle award winner fully vetted in-stock diamonds customer testimonials core values ultimate care plan whiteflash benefits free shipping worldwide life time trade up one year buy back money back guarantee customer loyalty program one year service plan the whiteflash guarantee faq reviews contact call chat email sign in search loose diamonds round princess cushion oval radiant emerald asscher pear heart marquise diamond pair search request a diamond a cut above® diamonds a cut above® hearts and arrows a cut above® collection series a cut above® princess a cut above® specifications hearts and arrows diamonds how h&a diamonds are graded benefits of h&a diamonds the c's of diamond education diamond cut (shape) diamond certification diamond carat diamond cut basics diamond color diamond cut analysis diamond clarity diamond cost diamond glossary diamond buying guide diamond light performance imaging engagement ring search solitaire engagement rings halo engagement rings pave engagement rings 3 stone engagement rings wedding sets custom engagement rings designer engagement rings simon g. а. jaffe ritani verragio tacori vatche valoria danhov benchmark engagement rings education the right way to maintain a diamond ring’s beauty how to select the perfect diamond engagement ring find my ring size platinum vs. white gold diamond setting guide wedding ring search diamond wedding rings classic wedding rings eternity wedding rings women's wedding rings men's wedding rings browse all wedding rings designer wedding rings simon g. wedding rings a. jaffe wedding rings ritani wedding rings verragio wedding rings tacori wedding rings vatche wedding rings valoria wedding rings danhov wedding rings benchmark wedding rings the finest wedding rings in houston whether you live in texas or are simply looking for the very best customer service experience around, you’ll find help, support and the finest selection of designer wedding rings in houston at whiteflash. visit our showroom page diamond earrings diamond studs diamond hoops diamond drops diamond halos diamond pendants diamond pendants diamond necklaces dreams of africa collection diamond bracelets diamond bracelets diamond bangles aniversary rings right hand rings men's jewelry gemstones and pearls designer jewelry collections we feature the finest designer jewelry brands including tacori and simon g. in addition, we offer whiteflash original designs and custom designed jewelry created in our state-of-the-art workshop. simon g jewelry tacori jewelry education center diamond education jewelry education gems and gemology infographics whiteflash blog whiteflash policies engagement ring care diamond grading ags cut grading ags color grading ags clarity grading ags princess cut grading ags laboratory procedures ags vs gia guide to vvs diamonds diamond analytics aset ideal scope heart and arrows holloway cut advisor (hca) sarine report fluorescence whiteflash diamond imaging about whiteflash social responsibility iso 9000 certified bbb pinnacle award winner fully vetted in-stock diamonds customer testimonials core values ultimate care plan whiteflash benefits free shipping worldwide life time trade up one year buy back money back guarantee customer loyalty program one year service plan the whiteflash guarantee the whiteflash store welcome to the whiteflash store! we have created a very special venue for our clients living in or visiting the houston area to come see our products and meet our friendly and knowledgeable staff. our store is open weekdays from 10am-5pm. engagement ring financing sign in call chat email home > confidence > the whiteflash guarantee the whiteflash guarantee the whiteflash guarantee is a comprehensive set of policies, practices and benefits that wrap your purchase in the very best assurance package available in the jewelry industry today. it starts with state-of-the-art manufacturing by a veteran team of highly skilled jewelers, and a large in-house inventory of laboratory graded, precision cut diamonds thoroughly analyzed by gia and ags trained whiteflash gemologists, and imaged by a team of professional staff photographers. every item that whiteflash sells is processed through a multi-stage quality control system certified by iso 9000 ensuring the highest level of quality, consistency and dependability. whiteflash is one of the few jewelers in the world to have achieved this level of quality assurance. each sparkling piece is also delivered in the finest packaging available, assuring a presentation as elegant and impressive as the jewelry contained within. complete satisfaction money back guarantee complete satisfaction to ensure your complete satisfaction with every whiteflash order, your purchase is backed by our “no questions asked” money back return policy entitling you to a refund of the purchase price for any reason at all. the return process is prompt, efficient and secure. simple. straight forward. no strings attached. lifetime trade-up guarantee all diamonds in our three in-house categories, a cut above®, expert selection, and premium select automatically qualify for a lifetime 100% trade-up guarantee. this excellent benefit allows customers to stay comfortably within budget on the initial purchase without compromising quality. at any time in the future the diamond can be traded for any other in-house diamond with 100% of the original purchase price applied to the new diamond. at whiteflash, the benefit is as clear and simple as we can make it, without any burdensome requirements or restrictions. and the pool of diamonds available from which to choose is exceptionally deep and wide. conflict free diamonds guarantee all diamonds sold by whiteflash are secured through legitimate sources not involved in funding conflict and are guaranteed to be conflict free. we will only deal with suppliers who warrant that they operate in strict compliance with united nations resolutions, the kimberley process and the usa patriot act. for an in-depth view of the full whiteflash commitment to ethical practices and giving back to the community, please see our page on social responsibility. one year service guarantee all whiteflash jewelry orders are backed by our one year service plan. this benefit covers refinishing and repairs to the metals and accent diamonds in your jewelry that are the result of either normal wear or manufacturing defects, for a period of one year from ship date. this comprehensive coverage is a much more solid benefit than lofty sounding but hollow ‘lifetime warranties against defects in materials and workmanship’. who decides anyway? with the whiteflash guarantee there is no need to determine whether a problem is due to wear or to defects – it’s covered. and any actual defects in materials or workmanship will present themselves within a year and will be addressed at no charge under our one year service plan. in addition to alleviating any concerns about potential maintenance costs for the first year, many customers take advantage of the plan to have their jewelry professionally refinished and cleaned prior to their wedding ceremony or special occasion. absolutely no “drop” shipping a common practice in the industry that is particularly prevalent among internet sellers is to have diamonds or jewelry drop shipped from their supplier to the end user. this process is cheaper for the merchant, but they never actually see or evaluate the product they are delivering to their customer. whiteflash puts every diamond and jewelry item we sell through the same in-house iso 9000 certified quality control process, thereby assuring that our customers can have the utmost confidence in their purchase. complimentary ring sizing we are dedicated to servicing your jewelry whenever the need arises. while we do encourage our customers to determine the correct ring size at the time of the order, we offer one complimentary sizing within a period of one year from the date of purchase on most rings. certain designs cannot be sized, have limited ranges within which they can be sized, or will involve additional fees. this information is available on the detail pages of every item in our online catalogue. for specific clarification please contact one of our friendly diamond and jewelry consultants prior to purchase. all labor, materials and handling required for sizing are provided by whiteflash free of charge. shipping and insurance to and from whiteflash are the customer’s responsibility. for important details about secure shipping and costs please see our shipping policy page. one year buy back guarantee in addition to the full money back guarantee that is in force for 30 days, whiteflash provides additional certainty in your purchase by providing a buy-back guarantee for an entire year. whiteflash guarantees to buy all in-house diamonds back for 70% of the purchase price. this means that a purchase of $5,000 carries an actual risk of only $1,500 should things not work out for any reason. this provides extra peace of mind for large dollar transactions. jewelry insurance it is always a good idea to consider personal jewelry insurance for your protection in the event of accidental loss, theft, or damage. it is also important to understand what your policy does or does not cover. we exclusively endorse jewelers mutual insurance company for competitively priced, comprehensive all risk coverage. their policy covers minor damage such as broken prongs and missing accent diamonds as well as major damage, theft or loss. while whiteflash does not sell insurance, we understand that our customers often do want the peace of mind that comes with a personal jewelry policy. and we make it easy and convenient to access that coverage through special functionality. with your purchase of whiteflash diamonds or jewelry you will have the opportunity to get free quotes and bind coverage with just your whiteflash order number, and without the expense or inconvenience of obtaining an outside appraisal. without a doubt, the whiteflash guarantee represents the greatest set of protections and benefits available in the diamond and fine jewelry market today. be inspired by our designer engagement rings find the perfect designer ring for your special diamond by clicking the links below, and let us build the ultimate ring for the love of your life! as featured in as featured in follow us contact us chat now info@whiteflash.com 2150 town square place #330, sugar land, tx 77479 toll free: 1-877-612-6770 • outside usa: 1-832-252-6770 sign up for our newsletter go “winner of the better business bureau’s top honor – the bbb 2020 pinnacle award!” sitemap © 2000 - 2020 whiteflash inc. privacy policy my cart my diamonds my jewelry my diamond pairs last visited products my cart my diamonds my jewelry my diamond pairs find diamonds find jewelry go to my cart continue shopping proceed to checkout find diamonds find jewelry compare remove all find more diamonds compare remove all find more jewelry compare remove all find more diamonds what would you like to do? buy this diamond without setting – you can still add the diamond to a setting later if you decide to do so. buy this diamond with setting. search from our selection of diamond settings to find your perfect ring. what would you like to do? buy this diamond pair without setting – you can still add the diamond pair to a setting later if you decide to do so. buy this diamond pair with earrings. search our selection for studs and earrings to find the perfect match for your diamonds. what would you like to do? buy setting now without diamond. you can add a diamond to this setting later. buy diamond with this setting. choose from our selection of loose diamonds to create your ideal engagement ring. what would you like to do? buy earrings now without diamond. you can add a diamond to these earrings later. buy these earrings with our diamonds. choose from our selection of loose diamonds to create your gorgeous earrings.