来源URL: https://web.archive.org/web/20201226134340/https://www.whiteflash.com/diamond-education/diamond-color/
================================================================================

diamond color: grading chart and buying guide | whiteflash free fedex worldwide shipping free worldwide shipping visit our houston showroom visit our store sign in wish list my cart aud cad eur gbp hkd nzd sgd usd usd 877-612-6770 live chat diamonds diamonds search loose diamonds round cushion radiant asscher princess oval emerald pear diamond pair search request a diamond a cut above® diamonds a cut above® hearts and arrows a cut above® collection series a cut above® princess a cut above® specifications the c's of diamond education diamond cut (shape) round princess cushion oval radiant emerald asscher pear heart marquise diamond carat 0.5 carat diamonds 3/4 carat diamonds 1 carat diamonds 2 carat diamonds 3 carat diamonds 4 carat diamonds 5 carat diamonds diamond color d color diamonds e color diamonds f color diamonds g color diamonds h color diamonds i color diamonds j color diamonds k color diamonds diamond clarity fl diamonds if diamonds vvs1 diamonds vvs2 diamonds vs1 diamonds vs2 diamonds si1 diamonds si2 diamonds i1 diamonds diamond glossary diamond buying guide diamond light performance imaging diamond certification diamond cut basics diamond cut analysis diamond cost engagement rings engagement rings engagement ring search solitaire engagement rings halo engagement rings pave engagement rings 3 stone engagement rings wedding sets custom engagement rings browse all engagement rings designer engagement rings simon g. а. jaffe ritani verragio tacori vatche valoria danhov benchmark browse all designer collections wedding rings wedding rings wedding ring search diamond wedding rings classic wedding rings eternity wedding rings women's wedding rings men's wedding rings browse all wedding rings designer wedding rings simon g. wedding rings a. jaffe wedding rings ritani wedding rings verragio wedding rings tacori wedding rings vatche wedding rings valoria danhov wedding rings benchmark wedding rings browse all designer collections jewelry jewelry diamond earrings diamond studs diamond drops diamond hoops diamond halos diamond pendants diamond pendants diamond necklaces diamond bracelets diamond bracelets diamond bangles education education education center diamond education jewelry education gems and gemology infographics whiteflash blog whiteflash policies jewelry care essentials diamond grading diamond cut grading diamond color grading diamond clarity grading princess cut grading laboratory procedures ags vs gia guide to vvs diamonds diamond analytics aset ideal scope hearts and arrows holloway cut advisor (hca) sarine report fluorescence whiteflash diamond imaging why whiteflash why whiteflash about whiteflash social responsibility iso 9000 certified bbb pinnacle award winner fully vetted in-stock diamonds customer testimonials core values ultimate care plan whiteflash benefits free shipping worldwide life time trade up one year buy back money back guarantee customer loyalty program one year service plan the whiteflash guarantee faq reviews contact call chat email sign in search loose diamonds round princess cushion oval radiant emerald asscher pear heart marquise diamond pair search request a diamond a cut above® diamonds a cut above® hearts and arrows a cut above® collection series a cut above® princess a cut above® specifications hearts and arrows diamonds how h&a diamonds are graded benefits of h&a diamonds the c's of diamond education round princess cushion oval radiant emerald asscher pear heart marquise diamond cut (shape) diamond certification 0.5 carat diamonds 3/4 carat diamonds 1 carat diamonds 2 carat diamonds 3 carat diamonds 4 carat diamonds 5 carat diamonds diamond carat diamond cut basics d color diamonds e color diamonds f color diamonds g color diamonds h color diamonds i color diamonds j color diamonds k color diamonds diamond color diamond cut analysis fl diamonds if diamonds vvs1 diamonds vvs2 diamonds vs1 diamonds vs2 diamonds si1 diamonds si2 diamonds i1 diamonds diamond clarity diamond cost diamond glossary diamond buying guide diamond light performance imaging engagement ring search solitaire engagement rings halo engagement rings pave engagement rings 3 stone engagement rings wedding sets custom engagement rings designer engagement rings simon g. а. jaffe ritani verragio tacori vatche valoria danhov benchmark engagement rings education the right way to maintain a diamond ring’s beauty how to select the perfect diamond engagement ring find my ring size platinum vs. white gold diamond setting guide wedding ring search diamond wedding rings classic wedding rings eternity wedding rings women's wedding rings men's wedding rings browse all wedding rings designer wedding rings simon g. wedding rings a. jaffe wedding rings ritani wedding rings verragio wedding rings tacori wedding rings vatche wedding rings valoria wedding rings danhov wedding rings benchmark wedding rings the finest wedding rings in houston whether you live in texas or are simply looking for the very best customer service experience around, you’ll find help, support and the finest selection of designer wedding rings in houston at whiteflash. visit our showroom page diamond earrings diamond studs diamond hoops diamond drops diamond halos diamond pendants diamond pendants diamond necklaces dreams of africa collection diamond bracelets diamond bracelets diamond bangles aniversary rings right hand rings men's jewelry gemstones and pearls designer jewelry collections we feature the finest designer jewelry brands including tacori and simon g. in addition, we offer whiteflash original designs and custom designed jewelry created in our state-of-the-art workshop. simon g jewelry tacori jewelry education center diamond education jewelry education gems and gemology infographics whiteflash blog whiteflash policies engagement ring care diamond grading ags cut grading ags color grading ags clarity grading ags princess cut grading ags laboratory procedures ags vs gia guide to vvs diamonds diamond analytics aset ideal scope heart and arrows holloway cut advisor (hca) sarine report fluorescence whiteflash diamond imaging about whiteflash social responsibility iso 9000 certified bbb pinnacle award winner fully vetted in-stock diamonds customer testimonials core values ultimate care plan whiteflash benefits free shipping worldwide life time trade up one year buy back money back guarantee customer loyalty program one year service plan the whiteflash guarantee the whiteflash store welcome to the whiteflash store! we have created a very special venue for our clients living in or visiting the houston area to come see our products and meet our friendly and knowledgeable staff. our store is open weekdays from 10am-5pm. engagement ring financing sign in call chat email home  > education  > diamond education  > the 4 c’s - diamond color | whiteflash the 4 c's - diamond color grading chart and buying guideby bryan boyne (g.g.) a diamond’s color impacts both its appearance and its value. the color grading of diamonds is based on a scale which is a continuum of color intensities ranging from colorless to obviously tinted. the color grades are very small increments along this continuum starting at d and progressing to z. this is known as the “normal range” of diamond color. colors beyond z are referred to as “fancy colors” and are graded in a completely different way. in general, diamond values fall through the normal range and then abruptly begin to increase once color strength hits the fancy range. for the purposes of this article we confine the discussion to color grading in the normal range. diamond color grading scale (click image to enlarge) in the normal range the most important portion of the grading scale is the “colorless” (def) and “near-colorless” range (ghij). colorless diamonds are just that – devoid of body color- and consequently they appear icy-white. near colorless diamonds have small amounts of body color but do not give an impression of color to most observers. they appear white, especially in face-up view and particularly if they are cut for optimal light return such as ideal cut diamonds. the concept of diamond color is sometimes confused with the prismatic effect called “fire” - the dispersion of white light into spectral colors due to refraction. in lighting environments conducive to the display of fire, small flares of distinct rainbow colors can be seen. this effect is separate and largely independent of the diamond’s body color (color grade). the question is often asked, ‘why does the alphabet scale of diamond color start at “d”?’ at the time that gia (gemological institute of america) developed the grading scale that is used throughout the world today, there were already a few simplistic systems in the market for communicating color grades that used nomenclature such as a, b & c or a, aa and aaa. in order to avoid any confusion with such terminology, gia elected to start their scale at d. below are the individual diamond colors along with a short description and links to more information on the attributes of each. diamond color as seen from the side (click image to enlarge) colorless diamonds d - perfectly colorless. the d color diamond is the ultimate color grade in the normal range and appears icy white. e – colorless. only when compared to a d color in a clinical environment does a very slight body color become vaguely noticeable in an e color diamond. f - colorless. an f color diamond will look icy white and not show any apparent color from any viewing angle, except when compared to master diamonds by a trained grader. near colorless diamonds g – top of the near colorless range. the g color diamond is virtually indistinguishable from colorless in real world situations. h - solidly near colorless. an h color diamond looks white, even when viewed from the side and even in larger sizes. i – solidly near colorless. the i color diamond looks white enough to be set in white gold or platinum without creating any significant contrast. j – near colorless. the j color diamond “faces up” white, particularly if it has optimal light performance. k – faint. the k color diamond, if cut with precision, returns an abundance of ambient light with a faint warm glow. face up diamond color (click image to enlarge) related considerations whiteflash deals primarily in diamonds in the upper color (j and above) and clarity ranges (si1 and above) with top cut craftsmanship. while a k si2 ideal can be a very pretty diamond, most of our customers are looking for better gemological qualities. it should be noted that some customers do express an actual preference for the “warmer” colors beyond the near-colorless range. diamond body color viewed in direct light with fire (click image to enlarge) laboratory grades any meaningful discussion of diamond color assumes a grading report from a top gemological laboratory like agsl (american gem society laboratories) or gia. only an ethical lab with a highly trained staff of experienced graders utilizing the most modern gemological equipment and techniques, and one with a history of accuracy and consistency, can be relied upon for trustworthy diamond grading. automated color grading instruments are employed in the lab as part of the process. the colorimeter is very useful in getting a quick baseline assessment of a diamond’s color, but it has limitations. ultimately, final color grades are determined by highly trained professional graders. fancy shapes color grading of fancy shape diamonds is done somewhat differently. because fancies tend to have lengths and widths that are not equal, grading the diamond in one direction or the other might reveal different amounts of body color. fancy shapes are therefore graded at a diagonal in order to get a balanced assessment of color. practical strategies choice of metal when diamonds are set in jewelry our perception of them changes as compared to when they are viewed as loose diamonds. so the choice of setting can be of strategic importance. white metals like white gold and platinum tend to reveal body color in a diamond, while yellow gold or rose gold tend to conceal it. shoppers with yellow gold settings in mind can therefore compromise slightly on the color grade, thereby saving some money and /or getting a slightly larger diamond. on the other hand, shoppers who are looking at diamond that is lower near-colorless or slightly tinted should probably avoid white metal in order to minimize the extent to which the body color of the diamond can be observed. choice of style since diamond color is most easily perceived when looking at the diamond from the side (through the girdle), diamonds that are set in mountings that allow a clear side view, such as a classic four prong solitaire, will be more revealing of diamond color. a six prong mounting or bezel setting will obscure this view and may be a good strategic option for a diamond with a bit more “warmth” of color. impact of size size matters when it comes to diamond color. bigger diamonds with their greater “body” tend to show more body color. again, this is particularly true from the side view perspective. so shoppers with sensitivity to color, and especially those that want a white gold or platinum setting that will permit a profile view of the diamond, might want to aim for the middle of the near colorless range rather than going into the warmer colors. impact of shape shape matters as well in whether a diamond will exhibit obvious color at a certain grade. some fancy shapes, by virtue of their facet arrangement, tend to concentrate color in certain areas of the diamond. this is why you will see fancy color diamonds often cut into radiant, cushion or oval shape. an ideal cut round on the other hand tends to diminish the appearance of color, at least from the face-up view which is the vantage point that most people will be observing the diamond when set. so, shoppers looking for fancy cuts should keep that fact in mind, particularly if they are considering lower near colorless diamonds in larger sizes. that is of course, unless they are in that group that actually prefers the warmer look. summary in conclusion, it is important to understand that diamond color grading is very nuanced. the differences between gemological grades are extremely small. colorless diamonds are “icy” white, and near-colorless diamonds do not show any obvious body color to most observers. ideal cut diamonds appear whiter than average cuts and diamond color is more noticeable from the side where the influence of light return does not impact your perception of color. last but not least, everyone has different sensitivity to color and a different sense of what appeals to them the most. most shoppers find their best ‘bang for the buck’ is in the near-colorless range (ghij), but there are those that only want colorless and those that actually prefer diamonds with a bit of warmth. enjoy the following video about diamond color: be inspired by our designer engagement rings find the perfect designer ring for your special diamond by clicking the links below, and let us build the ultimate ring for the love of your life! as featured in as featured in follow us contact us chat now info@whiteflash.com 2150 town square place #330, sugar land, tx 77479 toll free: 1-877-612-6770 • outside usa: 1-832-252-6770 sign up for our newsletter go “winner of the better business bureau’s top honor – the bbb 2020 pinnacle award!” sitemap © 2000 - 2021 whiteflash inc. privacy policy my cart my diamonds my jewelry my diamond pairs last visited products my cart my diamonds my jewelry my diamond pairs find diamonds find jewelry go to my cart continue shopping proceed to checkout find diamonds find jewelry compare remove all find more diamonds compare remove all find more jewelry compare remove all find more diamonds what would you like to do? buy this diamond without setting – you can still add the diamond to a setting later if you decide to do so. buy this diamond with setting. search from our selection of diamond settings to find your perfect ring. what would you like to do? buy this diamond pair without setting – you can still add the diamond pair to a setting later if you decide to do so. buy this diamond pair with earrings. search our selection for studs and earrings to find the perfect match for your diamonds. what would you like to do? buy setting now without diamond. you can add a diamond to this setting later. buy diamond with this setting. choose from our selection of loose diamonds to create your ideal engagement ring. what would you like to do? buy earrings now without diamond. you can add a diamond to these earrings later. buy these earrings with our diamonds. choose from our selection of loose diamonds to create your gorgeous earrings.