来源URL: https://web.archive.org/web/20201226134340/https://www.whiteflash.com/about/
================================================================================

about us | whiteflash ideal diamonds and fine jewelry free fedex worldwide shipping free worldwide shipping visit our houston showroom visit our store sign in wish list my cart aud cad eur gbp hkd nzd sgd usd usd 877-612-6770 live chat diamonds diamonds search loose diamonds round cushion radiant asscher princess oval emerald pear diamond pair search request a diamond a cut above® diamonds a cut above® hearts and arrows a cut above® collection series a cut above® princess a cut above® specifications the c's of diamond education diamond cut (shape) round princess cushion oval radiant emerald asscher pear heart marquise diamond carat 0.5 carat diamonds 3/4 carat diamonds 1 carat diamonds 2 carat diamonds 3 carat diamonds 4 carat diamonds 5 carat diamonds diamond color d color diamonds e color diamonds f color diamonds g color diamonds h color diamonds i color diamonds j color diamonds k color diamonds diamond clarity fl diamonds if diamonds vvs1 diamonds vvs2 diamonds vs1 diamonds vs2 diamonds si1 diamonds si2 diamonds i1 diamonds diamond glossary diamond buying guide diamond light performance imaging diamond certification diamond cut basics diamond cut analysis diamond cost engagement rings engagement rings engagement ring search solitaire engagement rings halo engagement rings pave engagement rings 3 stone engagement rings wedding sets custom engagement rings browse all engagement rings designer engagement rings simon g. а. jaffe ritani verragio tacori vatche valoria danhov benchmark browse all designer collections wedding rings wedding rings wedding ring search diamond wedding rings classic wedding rings eternity wedding rings women's wedding rings men's wedding rings browse all wedding rings designer wedding rings simon g. wedding rings a. jaffe wedding rings ritani wedding rings verragio wedding rings tacori wedding rings vatche wedding rings valoria danhov wedding rings benchmark wedding rings browse all designer collections jewelry jewelry diamond earrings diamond studs diamond drops diamond hoops diamond halos diamond pendants diamond pendants diamond necklaces diamond bracelets diamond bracelets diamond bangles education education education center diamond education jewelry education gems and gemology infographics whiteflash blog whiteflash policies jewelry care essentials diamond grading diamond cut grading diamond color grading diamond clarity grading princess cut grading laboratory procedures ags vs gia guide to vvs diamonds diamond analytics aset ideal scope hearts and arrows holloway cut advisor (hca) sarine report fluorescence whiteflash diamond imaging why whiteflash why whiteflash about whiteflash social responsibility iso 9000 certified bbb pinnacle award winner fully vetted in-stock diamonds customer testimonials core values ultimate care plan whiteflash benefits free shipping worldwide life time trade up one year buy back money back guarantee customer loyalty program one year service plan the whiteflash guarantee faq reviews contact call chat email sign in search loose diamonds round princess cushion oval radiant emerald asscher pear heart marquise diamond pair search request a diamond a cut above® diamonds a cut above® hearts and arrows a cut above® collection series a cut above® princess a cut above® specifications hearts and arrows diamonds how h&a diamonds are graded benefits of h&a diamonds the c's of diamond education round princess cushion oval radiant emerald asscher pear heart marquise diamond cut (shape) diamond certification 0.5 carat diamonds 3/4 carat diamonds 1 carat diamonds 2 carat diamonds 3 carat diamonds 4 carat diamonds 5 carat diamonds diamond carat diamond cut basics d color diamonds e color diamonds f color diamonds g color diamonds h color diamonds i color diamonds j color diamonds k color diamonds diamond color diamond cut analysis fl diamonds if diamonds vvs1 diamonds vvs2 diamonds vs1 diamonds vs2 diamonds si1 diamonds si2 diamonds i1 diamonds diamond clarity diamond cost diamond glossary diamond buying guide diamond light performance imaging engagement ring search solitaire engagement rings halo engagement rings pave engagement rings 3 stone engagement rings wedding sets custom engagement rings designer engagement rings simon g. а. jaffe ritani verragio tacori vatche valoria danhov benchmark engagement rings education the right way to maintain a diamond ring’s beauty how to select the perfect diamond engagement ring find my ring size platinum vs. white gold diamond setting guide wedding ring search diamond wedding rings classic wedding rings eternity wedding rings women's wedding rings men's wedding rings browse all wedding rings designer wedding rings simon g. wedding rings a. jaffe wedding rings ritani wedding rings verragio wedding rings tacori wedding rings vatche wedding rings valoria wedding rings danhov wedding rings benchmark wedding rings the finest wedding rings in houston whether you live in texas or are simply looking for the very best customer service experience around, you’ll find help, support and the finest selection of designer wedding rings in houston at whiteflash. visit our showroom page diamond earrings diamond studs diamond hoops diamond drops diamond halos diamond pendants diamond pendants diamond necklaces dreams of africa collection diamond bracelets diamond bracelets diamond bangles aniversary rings right hand rings men's jewelry gemstones and pearls designer jewelry collections we feature the finest designer jewelry brands including tacori and simon g. in addition, we offer whiteflash original designs and custom designed jewelry created in our state-of-the-art workshop. simon g jewelry tacori jewelry education center diamond education jewelry education gems and gemology infographics whiteflash blog whiteflash policies engagement ring care diamond grading ags cut grading ags color grading ags clarity grading ags princess cut grading ags laboratory procedures ags vs gia guide to vvs diamonds diamond analytics aset ideal scope heart and arrows holloway cut advisor (hca) sarine report fluorescence whiteflash diamond imaging about whiteflash social responsibility iso 9000 certified bbb pinnacle award winner fully vetted in-stock diamonds customer testimonials core values ultimate care plan whiteflash benefits free shipping worldwide life time trade up one year buy back money back guarantee customer loyalty program one year service plan the whiteflash guarantee the whiteflash store welcome to the whiteflash store! we have created a very special venue for our clients living in or visiting the houston area to come see our products and meet our friendly and knowledgeable staff. our store is open weekdays from 10am-5pm. engagement ring financing sign in call chat email home > about whiteflash about whiteflash “whiteflash is the lord of the online rings” - kiplinger’s magazine “whiteflash is the lord of the online rings” - kiplinger’s magazine whiteflash is an ultra-modern diamond and bridal jewelry retailer specializing in ideal and super ideal diamonds and fine designer engagement rings. hailed as “lord of the online rings” by the prestigious kiplinger’s magazine, whiteflash serves clients around the usa, europe, asia and australia and local customers from our showroom in sugar land texas, just 15 minutes southwest of houston’s famed galleria shopping center. a taste of whiteflash our mission driven by our core values, our goal is to provide a brilliant experience to each and every customer. as a provider of top quality diamonds and fine jewelry, we are proud to hold ourselves to the highest standards and to offer the most comprehensive value proposition in the industry. and as members of the american gem society we are committed to integrity, education and consumer protection. home of a cut above® super ideal diamonds a cut above® super ideal round hearts & arrows and princess diamonds are internationally acclaimed and recognized as being among the elite diamonds of the world. these extraordinary diamonds feature extreme cut precision and proven light performance at the top of the scale. they are in-stock and available exclusively at whiteflash. authorized distributors of the finest bridal brands whiteflash is an authorized distributor for the leading jewelry designer brands including tacori, verragio, simon g, vatche, ritani, danhov, benchmark and others. we also build our own line of jewelry on premises, including complete custom design and manufacturing by whiteflash master craftsmen. bbb pinnacle award winners whiteflash has been a better business bureau winner of distinction every year since 2004, including the 2018 pinnacle award which recognizes the single most outstanding jeweler selected from among the best jewelers in houston, the nation’s fourth largest market. a laser focus on quality and the customer experience has also earned whiteflash thousands of glowing testimonials on all of the most important third party review sites, including google+, yelp and ivouch. iso 9000 certified whiteflash is the only retail jeweler certified for iso 9000 total quality management. our quality control and continual improvement system incorporates the industry's best practices and serves as the basis for consistent and dependable delivery of top quality products and services. we are proud to be one of very few jewelry companies in the world to be iso 9000 certified. complete satisfaction guarantee to ensure complete satisfaction with every whiteflash order, all purchases are backed by our “no questions asked” return policy entitling customers to a full refund of the purchase price for any reason at all. whiteflash customers are also eligible for the whiteflash loyalty program which pays $100 cash for qualifying referrals, as well as for repeat purchases. gia and ags accredited staff all whiteflash diamond and jewelry consultants as well as most of our administrative and operations staff have credentials from the gemological institute of america and the american gem society. our staff includes several diamond graduates, graduate gemologists, accredited jewelry professionals, and ags certified gemologists. 100% lifetime trade-up benefit all whiteflash in-house diamonds come with a 100% lifetime trade-up guarantee. you may trade in your diamond at any time for any other single diamond we offer of the same or greater price. as part of our comprehensive whiteflash guarantee we also provide a one year service plan on every piece of jewelry we sell entitling the customer to repair, sizing, repolishing and cleaning at no charge for an entire year. american gem society members whiteflash is a member the prestigious american gem society and stocks one of the largest in-house inventories of ags ideal diamonds of any jewelry retailer in the world. we serve a global audience through a robust website which displays a comprehensive set of gemological data and light performance imagery for every in-house diamond. as part of our commitment to consumer education and protection, whiteflash has produced a series of comprehensive articles on diamond grading co-authored with the ags laboratories. social responsibility whiteflash is dedicated to socially responsible business practices and to giving back to the community. we are committed to the eradication of conflict diamonds through our support of the kimberly process and the united nations global compact. we also provide direct support to community development in diamond mining regions through our support of the gravity light initiative and we have a dedicated dreams of africa website and product line, the profits of which are donated to jewelers for children (jfc). making insurance coverage convenient as a service to our customers, we have partnered with jewelers mutual insurance company to enable our customers to get instant quotes and purchase insurance with only the whiteflash order number. the data on the jewelry and value are automatically accessible to jewelers mutual through a special interface, saving the customer the cost and hassle of purchasing a separate appraisal. be inspired by our designer engagement rings find the perfect designer ring for your special diamond by clicking the links below, and let us build the ultimate ring for the love of your life! as featured in as featured in follow us contact us chat now info@whiteflash.com 2150 town square place #330, sugar land, tx 77479 toll free: 1-877-612-6770 • outside usa: 1-832-252-6770 sign up for our newsletter go “winner of the better business bureau’s top honor – the bbb 2020 pinnacle award!” sitemap © 2000 - 2021 whiteflash inc. privacy policy my cart my diamonds my jewelry my diamond pairs last visited products my cart my diamonds my jewelry my diamond pairs find diamonds find jewelry go to my cart continue shopping proceed to checkout find diamonds find jewelry compare remove all find more diamonds compare remove all find more jewelry compare remove all find more diamonds what would you like to do? buy this diamond without setting – you can still add the diamond to a setting later if you decide to do so. buy this diamond with setting. search from our selection of diamond settings to find your perfect ring. what would you like to do? buy this diamond pair without setting – you can still add the diamond pair to a setting later if you decide to do so. buy this diamond pair with earrings. search our selection for studs and earrings to find the perfect match for your diamonds. what would you like to do? buy setting now without diamond. you can add a diamond to this setting later. buy diamond with this setting. choose from our selection of loose diamonds to create your ideal engagement ring. what would you like to do? buy earrings now without diamond. you can add a diamond to these earrings later. buy these earrings with our diamonds. choose from our selection of loose diamonds to create your gorgeous earrings.