来源URL: https://web.archive.org/web/20211216101923/https://www.whiteflash.com/confidence/free-shipping/
================================================================================

free worldwide insured shipping | whiteflash free fedex worldwide shipping free worldwide shipping visit our houston showroom visit our store sign in wish list my cart aud cad eur gbp hkd nzd sgd usd usd 877-612-6770 live chat diamonds diamonds search loose diamonds round cushion radiant asscher princess oval emerald pear diamond pair search request a diamond a cut above® diamonds a cut above® hearts and arrows a cut above® collection series a cut above® princess a cut above® specifications the c's of diamond education diamond cut (shape) round princess cushion oval radiant emerald asscher pear heart marquise diamond carat 0.5 carat diamonds 3/4 carat diamonds 1 carat diamonds 2 carat diamonds 3 carat diamonds 4 carat diamonds 5 carat diamonds diamond color d color diamonds e color diamonds f color diamonds g color diamonds h color diamonds i color diamonds j color diamonds k color diamonds diamond clarity fl diamonds if diamonds vvs1 diamonds vvs2 diamonds vs1 diamonds vs2 diamonds si1 diamonds si2 diamonds i1 diamonds diamond glossary diamond buying guide diamond light performance imaging diamond certification diamond cut basics diamond cut analysis diamond cost engagement rings engagement rings engagement ring search solitaire engagement rings halo engagement rings pave engagement rings 3 stone engagement rings wedding sets custom engagement rings browse all engagement rings designer engagement rings simon g. а. jaffe ritani verragio tacori vatche valoria danhov benchmark browse all designer collections wedding rings wedding rings wedding ring search diamond wedding rings classic wedding rings eternity wedding rings women's wedding rings men's wedding rings browse all wedding rings designer wedding rings simon g. wedding rings a. jaffe wedding rings ritani wedding rings verragio wedding rings tacori wedding rings vatche wedding rings valoria danhov wedding rings benchmark wedding rings browse all designer collections jewelry jewelry diamond earrings diamond studs diamond drops diamond hoops diamond halos diamond pendants diamond pendants diamond necklaces diamond bracelets diamond bracelets diamond bangles education education education center diamond education jewelry education gems and gemology infographics whiteflash blog whiteflash policies jewelry care essentials diamond grading diamond cut grading diamond color grading diamond clarity grading princess cut grading laboratory procedures ags vs gia guide to vvs diamonds diamond analytics aset ideal scope hearts and arrows holloway cut advisor (hca) sarine report fluorescence whiteflash diamond imaging why whiteflash why whiteflash about whiteflash social responsibility iso 9000 certified bbb pinnacle award winner fully vetted in-stock diamonds customer testimonials core values ultimate care plan whiteflash benefits free shipping worldwide life time trade up one year buy back money back guarantee customer loyalty program one year service plan the whiteflash guarantee faq reviews contact call chat email sign in search loose diamonds round princess cushion oval radiant emerald asscher pear heart marquise diamond pair search request a diamond a cut above® diamonds a cut above® hearts and arrows a cut above® collection series a cut above® princess a cut above® specifications hearts and arrows diamonds how h&a diamonds are graded benefits of h&a diamonds the c's of diamond education round princess cushion oval radiant emerald asscher pear heart marquise diamond cut (shape) diamond certification 0.5 carat diamonds 3/4 carat diamonds 1 carat diamonds 2 carat diamonds 3 carat diamonds 4 carat diamonds 5 carat diamonds diamond carat diamond cut basics d color diamonds e color diamonds f color diamonds g color diamonds h color diamonds i color diamonds j color diamonds k color diamonds diamond color diamond cut analysis fl diamonds if diamonds vvs1 diamonds vvs2 diamonds vs1 diamonds vs2 diamonds si1 diamonds si2 diamonds i1 diamonds diamond clarity diamond cost diamond glossary diamond buying guide diamond light performance imaging engagement ring search solitaire engagement rings halo engagement rings pave engagement rings 3 stone engagement rings wedding sets custom engagement rings designer engagement rings simon g. а. jaffe ritani verragio tacori vatche valoria danhov benchmark engagement rings education the right way to maintain a diamond ring’s beauty how to select the perfect diamond engagement ring find my ring size platinum vs. white gold diamond setting guide wedding ring search diamond wedding rings classic wedding rings eternity wedding rings women's wedding rings men's wedding rings browse all wedding rings designer wedding rings simon g. wedding rings a. jaffe wedding rings ritani wedding rings verragio wedding rings tacori wedding rings vatche wedding rings valoria wedding rings danhov wedding rings benchmark wedding rings the finest wedding rings in houston whether you live in texas or are simply looking for the very best customer service experience around, you’ll find help, support and the finest selection of designer wedding rings in houston at whiteflash. visit our showroom page diamond earrings diamond studs diamond hoops diamond drops diamond halos diamond pendants diamond pendants diamond necklaces dreams of africa collection diamond bracelets diamond bracelets diamond bangles anniversary rings right hand rings men's jewelry gemstones and pearls designer jewelry collections we feature the finest designer jewelry brands including tacori and simon g. in addition, we offer whiteflash original designs and custom designed jewelry created in our state-of-the-art workshop. simon g jewelry tacori jewelry education center diamond education jewelry education gems and gemology infographics whiteflash blog whiteflash policies engagement ring care diamond grading ags cut grading ags color grading ags clarity grading ags princess cut grading ags laboratory procedures ags vs gia guide to vvs diamonds diamond analytics aset ideal scope heart and arrows holloway cut advisor (hca) sarine report fluorescence whiteflash diamond imaging about whiteflash social responsibility iso 9000 certified bbb pinnacle award winner fully vetted in-stock diamonds customer testimonials core values ultimate care plan whiteflash benefits free shipping worldwide life time trade up one year buy back money back guarantee customer loyalty program one year service plan the whiteflash guarantee the whiteflash store welcome to the whiteflash store! we have created a very special venue for our clients living in or visiting the houston area to come see our products and meet our friendly and knowledgeable staff. our store is open weekdays from 10am-5pm. engagement ring financing sign in call chat email home > free worldwide insured shipping mindy wow! i just got the ring in today and it looks great! my dad came over to see it and was amazed how the diamond looks like it is floating. he tried to get me to let him give it to her now instead of waiting for their anniversary but i wouldn’t let him. ha! he said he is going to die if he has to wait until july to give it to her. i know she will be jumping for joy! thanks again for all of your help read more tyra it's perfect!!! thank you again so much for your patience and help. we are over the moon with everything from the ring itself to the outstanding customer service we have received from each and every one of you guys at whiteflash who has dealt with us. we will both recommend your services - no other company we contacted regarding rings has given us quite as great a service as you. read more emma i love my ring, it's so beautiful. excellent customer service and the delivery was on time with a great tracking system. the whole experience from start to finish has been above expectation. read more sean my fiancee is thrilled with the ring! thanks so much for all your help and for being so accommodating. i will be sure to refer any friends who might need engagement rings to go to whiteflash. read more david i received both my diamonds and we are very happy about them. both diamonds are truly outstanding as compared to those inside the local jewellery store in hong kong. to be honest, buying a diamond online is a difficult decision for most of us. at first i really afraid if that's a good decision to choose a online shop. but that feeling was gone once i revived the diamond. whiteflash provides such excellent service in answering my questions. their expert opinions helped a lot in choosing the right diamond. the shipping was fast and the packaging looks amazing. i will definitely recommend whiteflash to my friends. thank you so much for helping me during the process read more free worldwide insured shipping whiteflash provides free insured fedex shipping, both within the united states and to over 70 international destinations which we are able to serve. domestic shipping secure shipping is normally provided via federal express® second day from monday through friday. saturday delivery is also available for $30. due to the high value of the items being shipped, all packages must be shipped to an authorized fedex “hold for pickup” location. (fedex staffed only). photo id and signature are required for anyone picking up the package. international shipping international shipments are made via insured federal express® priority. packages usually arrive within 2 - 3 business days. for a complete list of countries to which we ship click here. for countries or values not listed, or values above maximum listed, please contact customer service at 1-832-252-6770. taxes, import duty or other fees such as vat and gst that may apply to international orders are the customer’s responsibility. apo, fpo and dpo shipping insured shipping for up to $25,000 is free to all apo (army post office), fpo (fleet post office) and dpo (diplomatic post office) locations. these shipments are sent via us postal service priority mail® and are done on fridays. shipping time usually does not exceed 3 weeks. important details on the day of shipment customers will be notified by email confirming the expected delivery date, address and operating hours to the fedex location where the package is shipped to. customers paying by bank wire transfer, check or cash will also receive a fedex tracking number. when using these payment methods, and for your convenience, arrangements can be made for shipping to a second party by notifying us and filing a third party release form. for security purposes, customers paying by credit card must call whiteflash for tracking details. photo id and signature of the customer of record are required to pick up the package. it is customary for fedex to phone the recipient to notify that the package is ready for pickup. if you do not receive a phone call, feel free to reply back to the shipping confirmation email and ask for status of the shipment. if a package is left at a fedex hold for pickup station for more than 48 hours, the package will be recalled to whiteflash and the customer may incur additional shipping charges. all packages shipped by federal express® are subject to possible delays due to weather and/or holiday shipping volume. if there is a delivery delay your shipping charge, when applicable, cannot be refunded. in some cases special arrangements can be made to ship directly to a business or residential address. a special waiver is required absolving whiteflash of any liability resulting from a package being left unattended at the address, or allowing someone other than the specific recipient to sign for it as the insurance for your package terminates upon delivery. please make sure that you do not have a signature release on file with federal express. if you do, the package may be left on your doorstep, deemed delivered and it will not be insured against loss or theft. we do not deliver to p.o. boxes. however, the package can be held for pick up at a federal express station in your area. your signature and picture identification are required. shipping rates (if applicable) all new purchases and servicing for the first year are delivered at no cost to the customer. in cases where shipping costs are applicable, the following rates may apply. domestic shipping and insurance rates, if applicable, are $35 + 0.3% of the price of the item. for example: shipping for an item priced at $5,000.00 will be $35 + $15 (5000 x .003) = $50 total. international shipping and insurance rates, if applicable, are $50 plus 1% of the value of the order. for example: shipping for an item priced at $7,500.00 will be $50 + $75 (7500 x .01) = $125 total. be inspired by our designer engagement rings find the perfect designer ring for your special diamond by clicking the links below, and let us build the ultimate ring for the love of your life! as featured in as featured in follow us contact us chat now info@whiteflash.com 2150 town square place #330, sugar land, tx 77479 toll free: 1-877-612-6770 • outside usa: 1-832-252-6770 sign up for our newsletter go “winner of the better business bureau’s top honor – the bbb 2021 pinnacle award!” sitemap © 2000 - 2022 whiteflash inc. privacy policy my cart my diamonds my jewelry my diamond pairs last visited products my cart my diamonds my jewelry my diamond pairs find diamonds find jewelry go to my cart continue shopping proceed to checkout find diamonds find jewelry compare remove all find more diamonds compare remove all find more jewelry compare remove all find more diamonds what would you like to do? buy this diamond without setting – you can still add the diamond to a setting later if you decide to do so. buy this diamond with setting. search from our selection of diamond settings to find your perfect ring. what would you like to do? buy this diamond pair without setting – you can still add the diamond pair to a setting later if you decide to do so. buy this diamond pair with earrings. search our selection for studs and earrings to find the perfect match for your diamonds. what would you like to do? buy setting now without diamond. you can add a diamond to this setting later. buy diamond with this setting. choose from our selection of loose diamonds to create your ideal engagement ring. what would you like to do? buy earrings now without diamond. you can add a diamond to these earrings later. buy these earrings with our diamonds. choose from our selection of loose diamonds to create your gorgeous earrings.