来源URL: https://web.archive.org/web/20211216101923/https://www.whiteflash.com/diamond-education/diamond-shapes/
================================================================================

a guide to diamond shapes and cuts | find the best shape free fedex worldwide shipping free worldwide shipping visit our houston showroom visit our store sign in wish list my cart aud cad eur gbp hkd nzd sgd usd usd 877-612-6770 live chat diamonds diamonds search loose diamonds round cushion radiant asscher princess oval emerald pear diamond pair search request a diamond a cut above® diamonds a cut above® hearts and arrows a cut above® collection series a cut above® princess a cut above® specifications the c's of diamond education diamond cut (shape) round princess cushion oval radiant emerald asscher pear heart marquise diamond carat 0.5 carat diamonds 3/4 carat diamonds 1 carat diamonds 2 carat diamonds 3 carat diamonds 4 carat diamonds 5 carat diamonds diamond color d color diamonds e color diamonds f color diamonds g color diamonds h color diamonds i color diamonds j color diamonds k color diamonds diamond clarity fl diamonds if diamonds vvs1 diamonds vvs2 diamonds vs1 diamonds vs2 diamonds si1 diamonds si2 diamonds i1 diamonds diamond glossary diamond buying guide diamond light performance imaging diamond certification diamond cut basics diamond cut analysis diamond cost engagement rings engagement rings engagement ring search solitaire engagement rings halo engagement rings pave engagement rings 3 stone engagement rings wedding sets custom engagement rings browse all engagement rings designer engagement rings simon g. а. jaffe ritani verragio tacori vatche valoria danhov benchmark browse all designer collections wedding rings wedding rings wedding ring search diamond wedding rings classic wedding rings eternity wedding rings women's wedding rings men's wedding rings browse all wedding rings designer wedding rings simon g. wedding rings a. jaffe wedding rings ritani wedding rings verragio wedding rings tacori wedding rings vatche wedding rings valoria danhov wedding rings benchmark wedding rings browse all designer collections jewelry jewelry diamond earrings diamond studs diamond drops diamond hoops diamond halos diamond pendants diamond pendants diamond necklaces diamond bracelets diamond bracelets diamond bangles education education education center diamond education jewelry education gems and gemology infographics whiteflash blog whiteflash policies jewelry care essentials diamond grading diamond cut grading diamond color grading diamond clarity grading princess cut grading laboratory procedures ags vs gia guide to vvs diamonds diamond analytics aset ideal scope hearts and arrows holloway cut advisor (hca) sarine report fluorescence whiteflash diamond imaging why whiteflash why whiteflash about whiteflash social responsibility iso 9000 certified bbb pinnacle award winner fully vetted in-stock diamonds customer testimonials core values ultimate care plan whiteflash benefits free shipping worldwide life time trade up one year buy back money back guarantee customer loyalty program one year service plan the whiteflash guarantee faq reviews contact call chat email sign in search loose diamonds round princess cushion oval radiant emerald asscher pear heart marquise diamond pair search request a diamond a cut above® diamonds a cut above® hearts and arrows a cut above® collection series a cut above® princess a cut above® specifications hearts and arrows diamonds how h&a diamonds are graded benefits of h&a diamonds the c's of diamond education round princess cushion oval radiant emerald asscher pear heart marquise diamond cut (shape) diamond certification 0.5 carat diamonds 3/4 carat diamonds 1 carat diamonds 2 carat diamonds 3 carat diamonds 4 carat diamonds 5 carat diamonds diamond carat diamond cut basics d color diamonds e color diamonds f color diamonds g color diamonds h color diamonds i color diamonds j color diamonds k color diamonds diamond color diamond cut analysis fl diamonds if diamonds vvs1 diamonds vvs2 diamonds vs1 diamonds vs2 diamonds si1 diamonds si2 diamonds i1 diamonds diamond clarity diamond cost diamond glossary diamond buying guide diamond light performance imaging engagement ring search solitaire engagement rings halo engagement rings pave engagement rings 3 stone engagement rings wedding sets custom engagement rings designer engagement rings simon g. а. jaffe ritani verragio tacori vatche valoria danhov benchmark engagement rings education the right way to maintain a diamond ring’s beauty how to select the perfect diamond engagement ring find my ring size platinum vs. white gold diamond setting guide wedding ring search diamond wedding rings classic wedding rings eternity wedding rings women's wedding rings men's wedding rings browse all wedding rings designer wedding rings simon g. wedding rings a. jaffe wedding rings ritani wedding rings verragio wedding rings tacori wedding rings vatche wedding rings valoria wedding rings danhov wedding rings benchmark wedding rings the finest wedding rings in houston whether you live in texas or are simply looking for the very best customer service experience around, you’ll find help, support and the finest selection of designer wedding rings in houston at whiteflash. visit our showroom page diamond earrings diamond studs diamond hoops diamond drops diamond halos diamond pendants diamond pendants diamond necklaces dreams of africa collection diamond bracelets diamond bracelets diamond bangles anniversary rings right hand rings men's jewelry gemstones and pearls designer jewelry collections we feature the finest designer jewelry brands including tacori and simon g. in addition, we offer whiteflash original designs and custom designed jewelry created in our state-of-the-art workshop. simon g jewelry tacori jewelry education center diamond education jewelry education gems and gemology infographics whiteflash blog whiteflash policies engagement ring care diamond grading ags cut grading ags color grading ags clarity grading ags princess cut grading ags laboratory procedures ags vs gia guide to vvs diamonds diamond analytics aset ideal scope heart and arrows holloway cut advisor (hca) sarine report fluorescence whiteflash diamond imaging about whiteflash social responsibility iso 9000 certified bbb pinnacle award winner fully vetted in-stock diamonds customer testimonials core values ultimate care plan whiteflash benefits free shipping worldwide life time trade up one year buy back money back guarantee customer loyalty program one year service plan the whiteflash guarantee the whiteflash store welcome to the whiteflash store! we have created a very special venue for our clients living in or visiting the houston area to come see our products and meet our friendly and knowledgeable staff. our store is open weekdays from 10am-5pm. engagement ring financing sign in call chat email home  > education  > diamond education  > the 4 c's - diamond shapes and cuts | whiteflash the 4 c's - diamond shapes and cuts guide by bryan boyne (g.g.) when we talk about diamond cut, we are actually referring to two separate aspects; diamond shape and diamond craftsmanship. this article will focus on diamond shapes. for information about diamond cut quality, please see our articles diamond analytics and diamond light performance grading. browse diamonds when selecting a diamond, the shape of the diamond itself is one of the most important considerations. each of the various diamond shapes has its own unique characteristics. like all jewelry and fashion items, the most popular diamond shapes can depend on current trends and fads. below you will find a description of the different diamond shapes you are most likely to encounter. currently the two most popular shapes are the round brilliant and the princess cut. early round diamonds the earliest diamonds were fashioned with primitive tools at a time when it was only possible to place a few rudimentary facets on them. because the most common diamond crystal is octahedral in shape, the easiest way to cut them was to grind down the points to form a large table on one end, a small culet on the other, and round out the corners. this resulted in the “old mine cut” diamond which was more rectangular than round. over the years it was further refined with the addition of more facets to become the ‘old european cut’, the predecessor to the modern round brilliant. round brilliant browse round cuts the venerable round brilliant or round cut diamond remains by far the most popular diamond cut of all. so much so that most the gem itself is identified by this iconic shape. it is a timeless classic that is always in style and has been for hundreds of years. because of its symmetrical geometry, a well cut round diamond has the greatest ability of any shape to maximize light performance. the a cut above® round hearts and arrows super ideal diamond, with proven optics of the highest order exemplifies the extraordinary potential of the round brilliant. despite its enormous popularity, the round brilliant is not for everyone. to satisfy a range of personal tastes, a wide variety of diamond shapes have been developed over the years. diamond shapes other than round are referred to as ‘fancy shapes’. the original contour of the rough diamond often determines which fancy shape diamond will be cut, as yield is a driving factor for the diamond cutter. that is, if a given piece of rough can be cut into a certain fancy shape with a resulting size significantly greater than what could be extracted in a round, then the cutter may elect to make that choice. his calculation also depends on the current demand for the fancy shape being considered. below are the most popular fancy diamond shapes. other shapes are also available and may be quite desirable for very specific applications. but the following are the diamond shapes you are most likely to see in jewelry. princess diamond browse princess cuts like the round brilliant, the princess cut diamond has faceting patterns that gives it sparkle and brilliance. they are usually square cut with pointed corners, although some are more rectangular in shape. princess cut diamonds are second only to the round brilliant in their popularity. they are also priced lower than comparable round brilliant diamonds, which makes them an excellent choice for a shopper looking for value! cushion diamond browse cushion cuts the cushion cut diamond is one of the diamond shapes that was very popular a century ago and has come back into fashion with today’s surge in vintage styles. it is also sometimes referred to as the “pillow-cut” and has rounded corners and large facets. cushion cut diamonds can vary between a rectangular and square shape. emerald diamond browse emerald cuts another of the fancy shape diamonds is the elegant emerald cut diamond. they are normally rectangular in shape and have step-cut elongated facets on the crown and pavilion, with small cut corners giving the diamond an octagonal outline. the emerald cut diamond is very revealing of clarity features so higher clarity grades are usually seen in this shape. asscher diamond browse asscher cuts the asscher cut diamond is nearly identical to an emerald cut diamond. joseph asscher was a diamond cutter who developed and patented the asscher cut diamond in 1902. it is a square step cut diamond with a small table and a high crown. it also has wide step facets and because of the way its cut, the asscher has more fire and reflects light more than an emerald cut diamond and has been gaining in popularity in recent years. oval diamond browse oval cuts the oval cut diamond has brilliant faceting similar to a round diamond but it is elliptical or egg-shaped. the oval cut has always been one of the most popular of the fancy shapes, especially as a center stone for engagement rings. its shape can give the appearance of long and slender fingers. it’s important to watch for the “bow-tie” effect when selecting an oval. this is a noticeable darkening in the middle of the diamond that actually resembles a bow-tie. marquise diamond browse marquise cuts like an oval with points on each end, the “football” shape of a marquise cut diamond creates an appearance that looks larger than its carat weight would suggest. it is a brilliant cut stone with 57 facets. the shape of marquise cut diamonds can vary greatly as the length to width ratio changes. the “bow-tie” (darkening) effect is also something to look for in this shape. like all fancy cut diamonds, a marquise diamonds shape is a matter of personal taste. pear diamond browse pear cuts a pear shape diamond is a combination of the round and marquise cut with one rounded end and a pointed end. it is also referred to as a “tear drop” shape. the typical pear shape diamond is cut like a round brilliant with 58 facets. the pear shape diamond is a popular choice for diamond pendants. radiant diamond browse radiant cuts the radiant cut diamond is a rectangular cut diamond with trimmed corners. the outline is like that of an emerald cut but it has a much different flavor as it does not have the step cuts of the emerald. a radiant looks more like a rectangular princess cut diamond with clipped corners. heart diamond browse heart cuts the heart shape diamond features a brilliant style faceting arrangement and an outline with two lobes, a cleft and a point. although the shape is the universal symbol of love, there is not a huge demand for the heart shape diamond. the shape is not very distinct is small carat diamonds, so anything below 0.50 carats is not recommended. trilliant diamond the trilliant diamond is triangular is shape with a brilliant facet arrangement. there are slight variations of this cut and it is sometimes called the trillion cut. trilliants are popular as side stones for center diamonds with brilliant cutting styles like the princess cut. step cuts vs brilliant styles the step cuts differ from the brilliant styles rather dramatically in terms of optical effects. step cuts such as emerald cut and asscher, with their long and broad facets, tend to produce fewer but bigger sparkles. brilliant styles such as the round, princess, oval, pear, and marquise produce a great number of smaller sparkles. the resulting scintillation patterns therefore produce altogether different looks. these two broad categories offer very different options for shoppers to choose from. which overall effect you find most appealing is a very personal aesthetic choice, not only in outline shape but in the different ‘flavors’ each presents to the eye. what is length to width ratio and why does it matter? the length to width ratio of fancy cut diamonds conveys an important aspect of their geometry and also can impact their light performance. most fancy cuts like emerald cut, pear shape, and oval are longer than they are wide. princess cuts and asschers are almost square, so this factor is largely moot. length to width ratio is a simple calculation; the length (in millimeters) divided by the width. a higher number indicates a more elongated shape. the length/width ratio of a marquise shape may be almost 2 – twice as long as it is wide -whereas an emerald cut or radiant might be in the neighborhood of 1.5. this factor impacts the visible outline or overall shape of the diamond and its eye appeal. a fancy diamond with a ratio out of normal ranges may also suffer from light leakage or other light performance deficits that reduce its fire and brilliancy. what is the best diamond shape? as you have seen in this article, there are many beautiful diamond shapes. each shape presents a different geometry and individual aesthetic. step cuts have an altogether different flavor than brilliant styles. some shapes may be more compatible with certain jewelry designs than others, and some offer more affordable pricing. so, the best diamond shape is really the one that is best for you. having said that, the goal for most shoppers is to find the most brilliant and fiery diamond they can afford. if this is your driving force, the round brilliant is the shape that offers the best potential for optimizing light performance. ideal and super ideal cut diamonds return over 90% of the light entering their crowns back to the eye of the observer. their mix of large and small virtual facets provides for outstanding fire and dazzling scintillation. and choices for beautiful jewelry styles abound, such as those offered by the top designer brands in the market. browse diamonds at whiteflash we specialize in ideal and super ideal round and princess cut diamonds, and we carry a large in-house inventory of fully vetted diamonds available for immediate delivery. diamonds in our in-house categories (a cut above®, expert selection, and premium select) are exclusive to whiteflash and will not be found anywhere else. but we also provide customers with a full range of shapes through our virtual selection category which allows customers to leverage all the advantages of our expertise in light performance, and thorough vetting by our team of gemologists. feel free to contact us by phone, email or chat and one of the friendly and knowledgeable whiteflash diamond consultants will help you find the diamond that is just right for you, whatever shape that may be. be inspired by our designer engagement rings find the perfect designer ring for your special diamond by clicking the links below, and let us build the ultimate ring for the love of your life! as featured in as featured in follow us contact us chat now info@whiteflash.com 2150 town square place #330, sugar land, tx 77479 toll free: 1-877-612-6770 • outside usa: 1-832-252-6770 sign up for our newsletter go “winner of the better business bureau’s top honor – the bbb 2020 pinnacle award!” sitemap © 2000 - 2021 whiteflash inc. privacy policy my cart my diamonds my jewelry my diamond pairs last visited products my cart my diamonds my jewelry my diamond pairs find diamonds find jewelry go to my cart continue shopping proceed to checkout find diamonds find jewelry compare remove all find more diamonds compare remove all find more jewelry compare remove all find more diamonds what would you like to do? buy this diamond without setting – you can still add the diamond to a setting later if you decide to do so. buy this diamond with setting. search from our selection of diamond settings to find your perfect ring. what would you like to do? buy this diamond pair without setting – you can still add the diamond pair to a setting later if you decide to do so. buy this diamond pair with earrings. search our selection for studs and earrings to find the perfect match for your diamonds. what would you like to do? buy setting now without diamond. you can add a diamond to this setting later. buy diamond with this setting. choose from our selection of loose diamonds to create your ideal engagement ring. what would you like to do? buy earrings now without diamond. you can add a diamond to these earrings later. buy these earrings with our diamonds. choose from our selection of loose diamonds to create your gorgeous earrings.