来源URL: https://web.archive.org/web/20211216101923/https://www.whiteflash.com/jewelry-education/engagement-ring-care-advice/
================================================================================

how to look after your engagement ring and jewelry free fedex worldwide shipping free worldwide shipping visit our houston showroom visit our store sign in wish list my cart aud cad eur gbp hkd nzd sgd usd usd 877-612-6770 live chat diamonds diamonds search loose diamonds round cushion radiant asscher princess oval emerald pear diamond pair search request a diamond a cut above® diamonds a cut above® hearts and arrows a cut above® collection series a cut above® princess a cut above® specifications the c's of diamond education diamond cut (shape) round princess cushion oval radiant emerald asscher pear heart marquise diamond carat 0.5 carat diamonds 3/4 carat diamonds 1 carat diamonds 2 carat diamonds 3 carat diamonds 4 carat diamonds 5 carat diamonds diamond color d color diamonds e color diamonds f color diamonds g color diamonds h color diamonds i color diamonds j color diamonds k color diamonds diamond clarity fl diamonds if diamonds vvs1 diamonds vvs2 diamonds vs1 diamonds vs2 diamonds si1 diamonds si2 diamonds i1 diamonds diamond glossary diamond buying guide diamond light performance imaging diamond certification diamond cut basics diamond cut analysis diamond cost engagement rings engagement rings engagement ring search solitaire engagement rings halo engagement rings pave engagement rings 3 stone engagement rings wedding sets custom engagement rings browse all engagement rings designer engagement rings simon g. а. jaffe ritani verragio tacori vatche valoria danhov benchmark browse all designer collections wedding rings wedding rings wedding ring search diamond wedding rings classic wedding rings eternity wedding rings women's wedding rings men's wedding rings browse all wedding rings designer wedding rings simon g. wedding rings a. jaffe wedding rings ritani wedding rings verragio wedding rings tacori wedding rings vatche wedding rings valoria danhov wedding rings benchmark wedding rings browse all designer collections jewelry jewelry diamond earrings diamond studs diamond drops diamond hoops diamond halos diamond pendants diamond pendants diamond necklaces diamond bracelets diamond bracelets diamond bangles education education education center diamond education jewelry education gems and gemology infographics whiteflash blog whiteflash policies jewelry care essentials diamond grading diamond cut grading diamond color grading diamond clarity grading princess cut grading laboratory procedures ags vs gia guide to vvs diamonds diamond analytics aset ideal scope hearts and arrows holloway cut advisor (hca) sarine report fluorescence whiteflash diamond imaging why whiteflash why whiteflash about whiteflash social responsibility iso 9000 certified bbb pinnacle award winner fully vetted in-stock diamonds customer testimonials core values ultimate care plan whiteflash benefits free shipping worldwide life time trade up one year buy back money back guarantee customer loyalty program one year service plan the whiteflash guarantee faq reviews contact call chat email sign in search loose diamonds round princess cushion oval radiant emerald asscher pear heart marquise diamond pair search request a diamond a cut above® diamonds a cut above® hearts and arrows a cut above® collection series a cut above® princess a cut above® specifications hearts and arrows diamonds how h&a diamonds are graded benefits of h&a diamonds the c's of diamond education round princess cushion oval radiant emerald asscher pear heart marquise diamond cut (shape) diamond certification 0.5 carat diamonds 3/4 carat diamonds 1 carat diamonds 2 carat diamonds 3 carat diamonds 4 carat diamonds 5 carat diamonds diamond carat diamond cut basics d color diamonds e color diamonds f color diamonds g color diamonds h color diamonds i color diamonds j color diamonds k color diamonds diamond color diamond cut analysis fl diamonds if diamonds vvs1 diamonds vvs2 diamonds vs1 diamonds vs2 diamonds si1 diamonds si2 diamonds i1 diamonds diamond clarity diamond cost diamond glossary diamond buying guide diamond light performance imaging engagement ring search solitaire engagement rings halo engagement rings pave engagement rings 3 stone engagement rings wedding sets custom engagement rings designer engagement rings simon g. а. jaffe ritani verragio tacori vatche valoria danhov benchmark engagement rings education the right way to maintain a diamond ring’s beauty how to select the perfect diamond engagement ring find my ring size platinum vs. white gold diamond setting guide wedding ring search diamond wedding rings classic wedding rings eternity wedding rings women's wedding rings men's wedding rings browse all wedding rings designer wedding rings simon g. wedding rings a. jaffe wedding rings ritani wedding rings verragio wedding rings tacori wedding rings vatche wedding rings valoria wedding rings danhov wedding rings benchmark wedding rings the finest wedding rings in houston whether you live in texas or are simply looking for the very best customer service experience around, you’ll find help, support and the finest selection of designer wedding rings in houston at whiteflash. visit our showroom page diamond earrings diamond studs diamond hoops diamond drops diamond halos diamond pendants diamond pendants diamond necklaces dreams of africa collection diamond bracelets diamond bracelets diamond bangles anniversary rings right hand rings men's jewelry gemstones and pearls designer jewelry collections we feature the finest designer jewelry brands including tacori and simon g. in addition, we offer whiteflash original designs and custom designed jewelry created in our state-of-the-art workshop. simon g jewelry tacori jewelry education center diamond education jewelry education gems and gemology infographics whiteflash blog whiteflash policies engagement ring care diamond grading ags cut grading ags color grading ags clarity grading ags princess cut grading ags laboratory procedures ags vs gia guide to vvs diamonds diamond analytics aset ideal scope heart and arrows holloway cut advisor (hca) sarine report fluorescence whiteflash diamond imaging about whiteflash social responsibility iso 9000 certified bbb pinnacle award winner fully vetted in-stock diamonds customer testimonials core values ultimate care plan whiteflash benefits free shipping worldwide life time trade up one year buy back money back guarantee customer loyalty program one year service plan the whiteflash guarantee the whiteflash store welcome to the whiteflash store! we have created a very special venue for our clients living in or visiting the houston area to come see our products and meet our friendly and knowledgeable staff. our store is open weekdays from 10am-5pm. engagement ring financing sign in call chat email home > education > jewelry care essentials how to care for your engagement ring and fine jewelry the whiteflash team is dedicated to providing high quality fine jewelry designed to be durable and crafted with care to bring you many years of enjoyment. with some reasonable attention your jewelry can stay clean and sparkling and look beautiful every time you wear it. regular cleaning and inspection will enable you to have full confidence that your jewelry is performing to its full potential, and will enable you to spot any problems that might need the attention of a jewelry professional. general care your jewelry is built to be durable and should be worn and enjoyed. however, gold and platinum and even diamonds can be damaged and will experience some level of wear and tear. here are some common sense rules to help protect your special treasures. it is best to avoid wearing fine jewelry while engaging in activities likely to cause excessive wear and tear such as working out at the gym or doing heavy yard work. such activities can result in damage requiring costly repairs, or cause your jewelry to become so dirty that professional cleaning will be necessary to restore its lustre. exposure to harsh chemicals such as those found in household cleaning products and some hair care products can be harmful so it is best to avoid wearing jewelry where it might come in contact with these substances. chlorine in a swimming pool can degrade gold alloys, so it is important to remove your jewelry before going in the water. swimming with rings on can be risky in general as water tends to shrink and lubricate fingers leading to possible loss. jewelry items should be stored carefully when not in use to avoid contact with other jewelry, as diamonds can scratch anything, including other diamonds. specially designed jewelry containers are ideal. the key is to keep the items nicely separated in soft compartments or wrapped in soft cloth. if you’re looking for more information about maintaining a rings beauty, click below. jewelry care infographic inspection check your jewelry regularly for any problems such as loose stones, thinning of bands and broken, worn, or lifted prongs. if your ring is catching on clothing, feels rough to the touch, or there is air space under a prong tip, then special attention is needed. have your jewelry inspected by a professional once a year or whenever you detect a potential problem. taking the time to do this will give you peace of mind and will help protect your financial and emotional investment in your special treasures. also pay close attention to the clasps on necklaces. these have moving parts and it’s important to ensure they are always in good working order. cleaning to keep your jewelry looking fabulous, regular cleaning is essential. precious metals, gemstones and diamonds will pick up oils from your hands and dirt from the environment causing a build-up of film that will gradually diminish lustre and sparkle over time. there are several excellent jewelry cleaning products and systems commercially available. when choosing a cleaning product, check the label to verify that it is suitable for the type of jewelry you wish to clean. ultrasonic cleaners do a great job, but use caution as the vibrations can loosen gemstones. vibra-sonic devices are lower power and safer to use at home. steam cleaners can also produce excellent results but can dislodge or loosen stones, so pay close attention and use as directed. if you would like advice on suitable products a whiteflash representative is always happy to provide recommendations. jewelry care recipe a simple and effective diy cleaning solution for diamond jewelry can be made by mixing 1/3 household ammonia and 2/3 warm water. soak the item for 30 minutes to an hour and then use a small brush to remove the softened dirt and film. we recommend finding a brush at an art supply store with long, thin but stiff bristles. try to clean the back of the diamonds (pavilion) as well as possible. rinse with clean water being careful not to do so over an open drain! looking after metals gold and platinum are both susceptible to scratching and abrasion during normal wear. 14k and 18k gold products are actually harder and more scratch resistant than platinum, even though platinum is more durable in the long run. depending on thickness, gold and platinum are susceptible to bending. rings can sometimes get out-of-round from the pressure of gripping action, especially thinner rings. white gold products are almost always plated with rhodium to give them a bright white lustre and shine. depending on wearing conditions, lifestyle, and body chemistry a white gold product may need to be periodically re-plated to regain top lustre. diamond care as discussed above, it is very important to regularly clean and inspect your fine jewelry. designs featuring multiple small diamonds, such as pavé items, are susceptible to having small stones come out. extra care and consideration should be given to these more intricate and delicate styles. and addressing problems before they worsen is the key to years of worry free enjoyment. insurance for many customers protecting their fine jewelry investment with a personal jewelry insurance policy makes sense and gives great peace of mind. while whiteflash does not sell insurance, we do recommend jewelers mutual insurance co., a leading specialist in the field. their policies are all-risk, covering theft, loss and damage. our clients can get quotes and apply for coverage conveniently through a link on our jewelry insurance page. whiteflash is a full manufacturing jeweler and can perform any service you may need to maintain or repair your fine jewelry. if we can be of assistance please call us toll free at 877-612-6770. be inspired by our designer engagement rings find the perfect designer ring for your special diamond by clicking the links below, and let us build the ultimate ring for the love of your life! as featured in as featured in follow us contact us chat now info@whiteflash.com 2150 town square place #330, sugar land, tx 77479 toll free: 1-877-612-6770 • outside usa: 1-832-252-6770 sign up for our newsletter go “winner of the better business bureau’s top honor – the bbb 2021 pinnacle award!” sitemap © 2000 - 2021 whiteflash inc. privacy policy my cart my diamonds my jewelry my diamond pairs last visited products my cart my diamonds my jewelry my diamond pairs find diamonds find jewelry go to my cart continue shopping proceed to checkout find diamonds find jewelry compare remove all find more diamonds compare remove all find more jewelry compare remove all find more diamonds what would you like to do? buy this diamond without setting – you can still add the diamond to a setting later if you decide to do so. buy this diamond with setting. search from our selection of diamond settings to find your perfect ring. what would you like to do? buy this diamond pair without setting – you can still add the diamond pair to a setting later if you decide to do so. buy this diamond pair with earrings. search our selection for studs and earrings to find the perfect match for your diamonds. what would you like to do? buy setting now without diamond. you can add a diamond to this setting later. buy diamond with this setting. choose from our selection of loose diamonds to create your ideal engagement ring. what would you like to do? buy earrings now without diamond. you can add a diamond to these earrings later. buy these earrings with our diamonds. choose from our selection of loose diamonds to create your gorgeous earrings.