来源URL: https://web.archive.org/web/20221213053541/https://www.whiteflash.com/testimonials/
================================================================================

whiteflash customer reviews and testimonials free fedex worldwide shipping free worldwide shipping visit our houston showroom visit our store sign in wish list my cart aud cad eur gbp hkd nzd sgd usd usd 877-612-6770 live chat diamonds diamonds search loose diamonds round cushion radiant asscher princess oval emerald pear diamond pair search request a diamond a cut above® diamonds a cut above® hearts and arrows a cut above® collection series a cut above® princess a cut above® specifications the c's of diamond education diamond cut (shape) round princess cushion oval radiant emerald asscher pear heart marquise diamond carat 0.5 carat diamonds 3/4 carat diamonds 1 carat diamonds 1.5 carat diamonds 2 carat diamonds 3 carat diamonds 4 carat diamonds 5 carat diamonds 10 carat diamonds diamond color d color diamonds e color diamonds f color diamonds g color diamonds h color diamonds i color diamonds j color diamonds k color diamonds diamond clarity fl diamonds if diamonds vvs1 diamonds vvs2 diamonds vs1 diamonds vs2 diamonds si1 diamonds si2 diamonds i1 diamonds diamond glossary diamond buying guide diamond light performance imaging diamond certification diamond cut basics diamond cut analysis diamond cost engagement rings engagement rings engagement ring search solitaire engagement rings halo engagement rings pave engagement rings 3 stone engagement rings wedding sets custom engagement rings browse all engagement rings designer engagement rings simon g. а. jaffe ritani verragio tacori vatche valoria danhov benchmark browse all designer collections wedding rings wedding rings wedding ring search diamond wedding rings classic wedding rings eternity wedding rings women's wedding rings men's wedding rings browse all wedding rings designer wedding rings simon g. wedding rings a. jaffe wedding rings ritani wedding rings verragio wedding rings tacori wedding rings vatche wedding rings valoria danhov wedding rings benchmark wedding rings browse all designer collections jewelry jewelry diamond earrings diamond studs diamond drops diamond hoops diamond halos diamond pendants diamond pendants diamond necklaces diamond bracelets diamond bracelets diamond bangles education education education center diamond education jewelry education gems and gemology infographics whiteflash blog whiteflash policies jewelry care essentials diamond grading diamond cut grading diamond color grading diamond clarity grading princess cut grading laboratory procedures ags vs gia guide to vvs diamonds diamond analytics aset ideal scope hearts and arrows holloway cut advisor (hca) sarine report fluorescence whiteflash diamond imaging why whiteflash why whiteflash about whiteflash social responsibility iso 9000 certified bbb pinnacle award winner fully vetted in-stock diamonds customer testimonials core values ultimate care plan whiteflash benefits free shipping worldwide life time trade up one year buy back money back guarantee customer loyalty program one year service plan the whiteflash guarantee faq reviews contact call chat email sign in search loose diamonds round princess cushion oval radiant emerald asscher pear heart marquise diamond pair search request a diamond a cut above® diamonds a cut above® hearts and arrows a cut above® collection series a cut above® princess a cut above® specifications hearts and arrows diamonds how h&a diamonds are graded benefits of h&a diamonds the c's of diamond education round princess cushion oval radiant emerald asscher pear heart marquise diamond cut (shape) diamond certification 0.5 carat diamonds 3/4 carat diamonds 1 carat diamonds 1.5 carat diamonds 2 carat diamonds 3 carat diamonds 4 carat diamonds 5 carat diamonds 10 carat diamonds diamond carat diamond cut basics d color diamonds e color diamonds f color diamonds g color diamonds h color diamonds i color diamonds j color diamonds k color diamonds diamond color diamond cut analysis fl diamonds if diamonds vvs1 diamonds vvs2 diamonds vs1 diamonds vs2 diamonds si1 diamonds si2 diamonds i1 diamonds diamond clarity diamond cost diamond glossary diamond buying guide diamond light performance imaging engagement ring search solitaire engagement rings halo engagement rings pave engagement rings 3 stone engagement rings wedding sets custom engagement rings designer engagement rings simon g. а. jaffe ritani verragio tacori vatche valoria danhov benchmark engagement rings education the right way to maintain a diamond ring’s beauty how to select the perfect diamond engagement ring find my ring size platinum vs. white gold diamond setting guide wedding ring search diamond wedding rings classic wedding rings eternity wedding rings women's wedding rings men's wedding rings browse all wedding rings designer wedding rings simon g. wedding rings a. jaffe wedding rings ritani wedding rings verragio wedding rings tacori wedding rings vatche wedding rings valoria wedding rings danhov wedding rings benchmark wedding rings the finest wedding rings in houston whether you live in texas or are simply looking for the very best customer service experience around, you’ll find help, support and the finest selection of designer wedding rings in houston at whiteflash. visit our showroom page diamond earrings diamond studs diamond hoops diamond drops diamond halos diamond pendants diamond pendants diamond necklaces dreams of africa collection diamond bracelets diamond bracelets diamond bangles anniversary rings right hand rings men's jewelry gemstones and pearls designer jewelry collections we feature the finest designer jewelry brands including tacori and simon g. in addition, we offer whiteflash original designs and custom designed jewelry created in our state-of-the-art workshop. simon g jewelry tacori jewelry education center diamond education jewelry education gems and gemology infographics whiteflash blog whiteflash policies engagement ring care diamond grading ags cut grading ags color grading ags clarity grading ags princess cut grading ags laboratory procedures ags vs gia guide to vvs diamonds diamond analytics aset ideal scope heart and arrows holloway cut advisor (hca) sarine report fluorescence whiteflash diamond imaging about whiteflash social responsibility iso 9000 certified bbb pinnacle award winner fully vetted in-stock diamonds customer testimonials core values ultimate care plan whiteflash benefits free shipping worldwide life time trade up one year buy back money back guarantee customer loyalty program one year service plan the whiteflash guarantee the whiteflash store welcome to the whiteflash store! we have created a very special venue for our clients living in or visiting the houston area to come see our products and meet our friendly and knowledgeable staff. our store is open weekdays from 10am-5pm. engagement ring financing sign in call chat email home > reviews mindy wow! i just got the ring in today and it looks great! my dad came over to see it and was amazed how the diamond looks like it is floating. he tried to get me to let him give it to her now instead of waiting for their anniversary but i wouldn’t let him. ha! he said he is going to die if he has to wait until july to give it to her. i know she will be jumping for joy! thanks again for all of your help read more tyra it's perfect!!! thank you again so much for your patience and help. we are over the moon with everything from the ring itself to the outstanding customer service we have received from each and every one of you guys at whiteflash who has dealt with us. we will both recommend your services - no other company we contacted regarding rings has given us quite as great a service as you. read more emma i love my ring, it's so beautiful. excellent customer service and the delivery was on time with a great tracking system. the whole experience from start to finish has been above expectation. read more sean my fiancee is thrilled with the ring! thanks so much for all your help and for being so accommodating. i will be sure to refer any friends who might need engagement rings to go to whiteflash. read more david i received both my diamonds and we are very happy about them. both diamonds are truly outstanding as compared to those inside the local jewellery store in hong kong. to be honest, buying a diamond online is a difficult decision for most of us. at first i really afraid if that's a good decision to choose a online shop. but that feeling was gone once i revived the diamond. whiteflash provides such excellent service in answering my questions. their expert opinions helped a lot in choosing the right diamond. the shipping was fast and the packaging looks amazing. i will definitely recommend whiteflash to my friends. thank you so much for helping me during the process read more whiteflash customer reviews and testimonials there is no better way to understand the whiteflash experience than by reading actual customer reviews. they convey the feelings of excitement about our hearts and arrows diamonds, the exceptional quality of our diamond engagement rings, and our very personal brand of customer service. below are authentic emails that we receive from whiteflash customers on a daily basis from all over the world. they are reprinted in un-edited form except when necessary to protect the customer's privacy. the images imbedded on the pages enable you to see the quality and variety of the fabulous pieces that we offer. here you will see examples of whiteflash signature styles and custom design projects, as well as designer engagement rings. please take your time and enjoy your whiteflash "eye candy"! for independent whiteflash reviews you can visit third party review sites such as google and yelp. view: reviews found found country: display: 12 24 36 48 december 08, 2022 the ring is beautiful. i picked up the ring i ordered at fedex today. it looks great. i’m very pleased. charles s, oregon, usa december 07, 2022 the diamond is amazing! thank you for your assistance and attention. you made this a seamless process and really eased my mind with the online purchase. i will certainly recommend whiteflash. thank you again. kevin, ohio, usa december 07, 2022 fantastic! fantastic! david b, texas, usa december 06, 2022 i absolutely ❤️ love my engagement ring and my wedding band! they are so pretty and sparkly. i receive so many compliments! my husband mark was referred to whiteflash by a close friend who had purchased a ring for his wife several years ago. without going into all the details my husband's initial contact was with brittany. she was extremely informative and patient. by the time mark was ready to get down on one knee brittany was on maternity leave. debbie wexler, the ceo, reached out to mark and put him in touch with becca. becca was incredible! she communicated with mark through email and by phone working towards the goal of purchasing the best ring within his budget. it was a wonderful proposal that totally surprised me. once i had the ring on my hand i wanted to know all the details about the ring and so i am sharing that information today. mark and i would thoroughly recommend whiteflash. thank you soo much for helping him pick out a beautiful ring. robyn c, hawaii, usa december 05, 2022 stellar customer service, competitive pricing, and a great selection! i got my wife's engagement ring here 10 years ago and her anniversary present this year and both times have been a breeze thanks to liza and her team! stellar customer service, competitive pricing, and a great selection have earned my repeat business and referrals. robert c, california, usa december 05, 2022 the earrings are lovely i received my earrings and i am very happy with them. they have a lovely sparkle and shine. brittany has been very helpful throughout. thank you. roslyn h, connecticut, usa december 04, 2022 the a cut above diamonds are amazing i love my whiteflash ring! in late november 2022, i received my 5-stone trellis diamond right hand ring in 14k yellow gold with five vs1-vs2 h 0.4 ct each (2 ctw) a cut above (aca) diamonds. the aca diamonds are very sparkly and fiery--the super ideal cut makes a real impact! liza helped me to create it, and her expertise, kind guidance, attention to detail, and responsiveness made for an all around smooth and great experience! i don't know much about diamonds, but i did my homework. after reading around online and looking at other diamond retailers, whiteflash was the clear choice. whiteflash's reviews (from customers and third parties), depth of information provided about their diamonds on their site, and policies made me feel comfortable deciding to buy from them. the lifetime trade up guarantee was one of the main factors in this decision. it allows you to simply trade up any natural diamond purchased from one of whiteflash's three in-house categories (of which aca is one). this gave me peace of mind about buying the stones because i know i'll want to trade up in the future and like that i'll be able to choose freely from the aca category again. after deciding on a ring style, and budget, i contacted them via the chat feature on their website and was helped by liza. after asking some questions, she showed me two sets of diamonds from the a cut above category, both beautiful, one in a slightly higher color grade (f-g), and one slightly lower (h). she also helped with my semi-custom order for the trellis 5-stone band to be cast in 14k gold (only 18k can be selected on the website). liza helped me with all my questions, was very responsive, and kept me updated. i appreciated that she looked after every detail to make sure the ring would be just what i wanted! one thing i worried about when i first started looking at diamonds, before contacting whiteflash, was being upsold. happily, that was not the case at all! at no time did i feel pressured. after discussing with liza, i went with the h color diamonds because they would be beautiful and work just fine with the warm color, yellow gold setting. the ring even came in under budget! from the time i first contacted whiteflash/liza until i received the ring was one month. part of the time was me deciding and committing to purchasing the stones, doing the wire transfer, and the setting being specially cast in 14k gold (about 2 and a half weeks for the casting). i highly recommend whiteflash. the experience was so smooth and i am so pleased with the finished product. the a cut above diamonds are amazing. their sparkle and flash make them stand out! i hope to work with liza again in the future on an upgrade! kira m, hawaii, usa december 02, 2022 wonderful experience buying from whiteflash i picked up the earrings from fedex yesterday. i want you and the team to know that i am not only delighted with the purchase but with the entire process. it has been a pleasure working with all you over the past little while. thanks for everything. david b, florida, usa december 01, 2022 i went whiteflash because you could tell from their images that the cut is superb. i did find the website to be helpful in my search for a ring. i worked with becca from whiteflash to buy an engagement ring. the ring is absolutely beautiful - my fiancée keeps staring at it and a friend told her this weekend it is the shiniest diamond she has ever seen. cut is king, and there is no doubt about the quality of whiteflash's cuts, as you can see from their website. in terms of customer experience, i worked with becca by phone and over e-mail, and she was prompt and pleasant. she provided extra pictures and videos of the diamonds i was considering, and she provided realistic assessments of the diamonds. in one case, she said two of the vs2s had visible inclusions from very close up (much closer than the eye clean distance but my fiancée has very good eyes) and that an si1 did not. i appreciate that she helped me find a diamond of good value, instead of steering me to the most expensive stones i was considering. i saved 33% by doing that. we had to resize the ring to a quarter size (which was unavoidable because ring size tools usually come in half sizes), but whiteflash made the process easy and they were fast to return the ring. pricewise, i found whiteflash to be a good value. i was working with another jeweler who prides himself on being a good value. yes, his diamonds were beautiful to look at, but the cut was not as good and the prices were the same. since i was working with both jewelers remotely, i went whiteflash because you could tell from their images that the cut is superb. leiter k, massachusetts, usa december 01, 2022 the earrings look beautiful we just picked up the earrings and they look wonderful! melanie, texas, usa december 01, 2022 i recommend whiteflash to anyone who wants a high quality diamond great experience. superb customer service through becca, who not only answered all my concerns and questions about buying a diamond ring online, but continued to follow up with me to ensure my fiancée loved the ring and see if i had any other questions. i recommend whiteflash to anyone who wants a high quality diamond without the markups and added expenses of a brick and mortar store. andré a, texas, usa november 30, 2022 you’ve won a customer for life! the earrings look great! they have so much fire and sparkle! i appreciate all the help and support along the way. chris, california, usa load more be inspired by our designer engagement rings find the perfect designer ring for your special diamond by clicking the links below, and let us build the ultimate ring for the love of your life! as featured in as featured in follow us contact us chat now info@whiteflash.com 2150 town square place #330, sugar land, tx 77479 toll free: 1-877-612-6770 • outside usa: 1-832-252-6770 sign up for our newsletter go “winner of the better business bureau’s top honor – the bbb 2021 pinnacle award!” sitemap © 2000 - 2022 whiteflash inc. privacy policy my cart my diamonds my jewelry my diamond pairs last visited products my cart my diamonds my jewelry my diamond pairs find diamonds find jewelry go to my cart continue shopping proceed to checkout find diamonds find jewelry compare remove all find more diamonds compare remove all find more jewelry compare remove all find more diamonds what would you like to do? buy this diamond without setting – you can still add the diamond to a setting later if you decide to do so. buy this diamond with setting. search from our selection of diamond settings to find your perfect ring. what would you like to do? buy this diamond pair without setting – you can still add the diamond pair to a setting later if you decide to do so. buy this diamond pair with earrings. search our selection for studs and earrings to find the perfect match for your diamonds. what would you like to do? buy setting now without diamond. you can add a diamond to this setting later. buy diamond with this setting. choose from our selection of loose diamonds to create your ideal engagement ring. what would you like to do? buy earrings now without diamond. you can add a diamond to these earrings later. buy these earrings with our diamonds. choose from our selection of loose diamonds to create your gorgeous earrings. engrave the ring 1. select a font: block italic script 2. enter your text: characters remaining: 3. preview (approximate): engraving tips save ultimate care plans