来源URL: https://web.archive.org/web/20221213053541/https://www.whiteflash.com/diamond-education/diamond-clarity/
================================================================================

an expert guide to diamond clarity and diamond grading free fedex worldwide shipping free worldwide shipping visit our houston showroom visit our store sign in wish list my cart aud cad eur gbp hkd nzd sgd usd usd 877-612-6770 live chat diamonds diamonds search loose diamonds round cushion radiant asscher princess oval emerald pear diamond pair search request a diamond a cut above® diamonds a cut above® hearts and arrows a cut above® collection series a cut above® princess a cut above® specifications the c's of diamond education diamond cut (shape) round princess cushion oval radiant emerald asscher pear heart marquise diamond carat 0.5 carat diamonds 3/4 carat diamonds 1 carat diamonds 1.5 carat diamonds 2 carat diamonds 3 carat diamonds 4 carat diamonds 5 carat diamonds 10 carat diamonds diamond color d color diamonds e color diamonds f color diamonds g color diamonds h color diamonds i color diamonds j color diamonds k color diamonds diamond clarity fl diamonds if diamonds vvs1 diamonds vvs2 diamonds vs1 diamonds vs2 diamonds si1 diamonds si2 diamonds i1 diamonds diamond glossary diamond buying guide diamond light performance imaging diamond certification diamond cut basics diamond cut analysis diamond cost engagement rings engagement rings engagement ring search solitaire engagement rings halo engagement rings pave engagement rings 3 stone engagement rings wedding sets custom engagement rings browse all engagement rings designer engagement rings simon g. а. jaffe ritani verragio tacori vatche valoria danhov benchmark browse all designer collections wedding rings wedding rings wedding ring search diamond wedding rings classic wedding rings eternity wedding rings women's wedding rings men's wedding rings browse all wedding rings designer wedding rings simon g. wedding rings a. jaffe wedding rings ritani wedding rings verragio wedding rings tacori wedding rings vatche wedding rings valoria danhov wedding rings benchmark wedding rings browse all designer collections jewelry jewelry diamond earrings diamond studs diamond drops diamond hoops diamond halos diamond pendants diamond pendants diamond necklaces diamond bracelets diamond bracelets diamond bangles education education education center diamond education jewelry education gems and gemology infographics whiteflash blog whiteflash policies jewelry care essentials diamond grading diamond cut grading diamond color grading diamond clarity grading princess cut grading laboratory procedures ags vs gia guide to vvs diamonds diamond analytics aset ideal scope hearts and arrows holloway cut advisor (hca) sarine report fluorescence whiteflash diamond imaging why whiteflash why whiteflash about whiteflash social responsibility iso 9000 certified bbb pinnacle award winner fully vetted in-stock diamonds customer testimonials core values ultimate care plan whiteflash benefits free shipping worldwide life time trade up one year buy back money back guarantee customer loyalty program one year service plan the whiteflash guarantee faq reviews contact call chat email sign in search loose diamonds round princess cushion oval radiant emerald asscher pear heart marquise diamond pair search request a diamond a cut above® diamonds a cut above® hearts and arrows a cut above® collection series a cut above® princess a cut above® specifications hearts and arrows diamonds how h&a diamonds are graded benefits of h&a diamonds the c's of diamond education round princess cushion oval radiant emerald asscher pear heart marquise diamond cut (shape) diamond certification 0.5 carat diamonds 3/4 carat diamonds 1 carat diamonds 1.5 carat diamonds 2 carat diamonds 3 carat diamonds 4 carat diamonds 5 carat diamonds 10 carat diamonds diamond carat diamond cut basics d color diamonds e color diamonds f color diamonds g color diamonds h color diamonds i color diamonds j color diamonds k color diamonds diamond color diamond cut analysis fl diamonds if diamonds vvs1 diamonds vvs2 diamonds vs1 diamonds vs2 diamonds si1 diamonds si2 diamonds i1 diamonds diamond clarity diamond cost diamond glossary diamond buying guide diamond light performance imaging engagement ring search solitaire engagement rings halo engagement rings pave engagement rings 3 stone engagement rings wedding sets custom engagement rings designer engagement rings simon g. а. jaffe ritani verragio tacori vatche valoria danhov benchmark engagement rings education the right way to maintain a diamond ring’s beauty how to select the perfect diamond engagement ring find my ring size platinum vs. white gold diamond setting guide wedding ring search diamond wedding rings classic wedding rings eternity wedding rings women's wedding rings men's wedding rings browse all wedding rings designer wedding rings simon g. wedding rings a. jaffe wedding rings ritani wedding rings verragio wedding rings tacori wedding rings vatche wedding rings valoria wedding rings danhov wedding rings benchmark wedding rings the finest wedding rings in houston whether you live in texas or are simply looking for the very best customer service experience around, you’ll find help, support and the finest selection of designer wedding rings in houston at whiteflash. visit our showroom page diamond earrings diamond studs diamond hoops diamond drops diamond halos diamond pendants diamond pendants diamond necklaces dreams of africa collection diamond bracelets diamond bracelets diamond bangles anniversary rings right hand rings men's jewelry gemstones and pearls designer jewelry collections we feature the finest designer jewelry brands including tacori and simon g. in addition, we offer whiteflash original designs and custom designed jewelry created in our state-of-the-art workshop. simon g jewelry tacori jewelry education center diamond education jewelry education gems and gemology infographics whiteflash blog whiteflash policies engagement ring care diamond grading ags cut grading ags color grading ags clarity grading ags princess cut grading ags laboratory procedures ags vs gia guide to vvs diamonds diamond analytics aset ideal scope heart and arrows holloway cut advisor (hca) sarine report fluorescence whiteflash diamond imaging about whiteflash social responsibility iso 9000 certified bbb pinnacle award winner fully vetted in-stock diamonds customer testimonials core values ultimate care plan whiteflash benefits free shipping worldwide life time trade up one year buy back money back guarantee customer loyalty program one year service plan the whiteflash guarantee the whiteflash store welcome to the whiteflash store! we have created a very special venue for our clients living in or visiting the houston area to come see our products and meet our friendly and knowledgeable staff. our store is open weekdays from 10am-5pm. engagement ring financing sign in call chat email home  > education  > diamond education  > the 4 c's - diamond clarity | whiteflash the 4 c's - a guide to diamond clarity and diamond gradingby bryan boyne (g.g.) the subject of diamond clarity is an interesting one. the impurities in diamond create a “fingerprint” that is unique for every diamond. in that regard they are quite helpful in providing identifying characteristics. and while there are many types of diamond inclusions, and they are the subject of much interest and discussion on the part of diamond shoppers, the practical impact of many diamond clarity grades on diamond beauty is surprisingly small! the gia (gemological institute of america) created the diamond color and clarity grading scale in the 1950’s. most laboratories use the same framework today. the clarity scale ranges from flawless (no internal or external features visible to a trained grader under 10x magnification) to imperfect diamonds that are so heavily included that they lack transparency and/or have durability issues. while a high percentage of commercial jewelry is made using imperfect diamonds, the percentage of laboratory certified diamonds in the middle and upper portion of the scale is quite high. browse in stock diamonds there are eleven clarity grades in the gia system and it can be said that diamonds within the top six grades are almost certain to be clean to the naked eye, or “eye clean”, when viewed normally in the face-up position. when a diamond is clean to the naked eye and does not have clarity features that diminish light performance to an appreciable degree, the clarity grade has virtually no impact on the visual appearance of the diamond. even if the diamond is six or seven grades down the scale! clarity is the only one of the diamond 4 c’s where this is true. in a sense it can be said that “clarity is rarity”. diamond prices are generally predicated on rarity. the bigger, the cleaner and better color the diamond is, the higher the price. so, for the most part, until you get into the imperfect range, the clarity grade only impacts price and has little or no bearing on beauty. diamond clarity grading scale diamond clarity grading scale fl - flawless - no internal inclusions or external blemishes if – internally flawless - no inclusions visible at 10x magnification but some minor blemishes. vvs1 - very, very slightly included 1- inclusions extremely difficult to see at 10x magnification. vvs2 – very, very slightly included 2 – inclusions very difficult to see at 10x magnification. vs1 - very slightly included 1 – inclusions difficult to see at 10x magnification. vs2 – very slightly included 2 – inclusions somewhat difficult to see at 10x magnification. si1 - slightly included 1 – inclusions somewhat easy to see at 10x magnification, can sometimes be seen with naked eye. si2 - slightly included 2 – inclusions very noticeable at 10x magnification, often possible to see with naked eye. i1- imperfect 1 – inclusions obvious with 10x magnification, and usually can be seen with naked eye. i2- imperfect 2 – inclusions can be seen with naked eye and often compromises beauty or durability. i3- imperfect 3 – inclusions that cause severe beauty and/or durability deficits. simulated representation of the diamond clarity scale diamond clarity vs color color grades are also very small ranges along a continuum from colorless to strongly tinted, and many of the top grades look “white”. but people with very good color sensitivity can detect even small amounts of body color in a diamond. they can therefore discern differences in beauty in diamonds even at the top of the scale. yet it is physically impossible for any human being to see an inclusion in a vvs diamond with the naked eye. while the color grade might have more impact on beauty than the clarity grade in many cases, the quality of the cut has the greatest impact of all. ideal cut diamonds enable the diamond to exhibit optimal light performance resulting in the greatest amount of fire brilliance and sparkle. diamond inclusions – a world of their own! some call them flaws while others call them beauty marks. but the range of characteristics falling under the definition of diamond inclusions is as wide as it is fascinating. sometimes inclusions are responsible for very rare and interesting fancy colored diamonds such as opaque or translucent white and black diamonds. sometimes single inclusions are particularly interesting in and of themselves; things sometimes trapped inside a diamond include rubies, sapphires, garnets, and even other diamonds! for more information and images please see our page on diamond inclusions. in stock diamonds compare 1.031 i si1 round ideal a cut above® $6,348 light perf. polish symmetry depth % table % crown angle star pavilion angle crown % lower girdle measurements fluorescence eye clean view details compare 1.076 k vvs2 round ideal a cut above® $5,465 light perf. polish symmetry depth % table % crown angle star pavilion angle crown % lower girdle measurements fluorescence eye clean view details compare 1.143 h vs1 round ideal a cut above® $10,698 light perf. polish symmetry depth % table % crown angle star pavilion angle crown % lower girdle measurements fluorescence eye clean view details compare 1.150 g vs1 round ideal a cut above® $11,975 light perf. polish symmetry depth % table % crown angle star pavilion angle crown % lower girdle measurements fluorescence eye clean view details load more show all si1 diamonds because diamonds with lower clarity grades are less expensive, shoppers looking for best value are particularly interested in those diamonds which are lower in grade but have no eye visible inclusions or any clarity features that might deprive the diamond of its fire, brilliance and sparkle. si1 diamonds are extremely popular for precisely this reason. but not all si1 diamonds will fit the criteria above. some do have eye visible inclusions, particularly larger diamonds. the term “eye-clean” means different things to different people and the definition can vary from vendor to vendor. so it is important to understand your own expectations to ensure proper communication with the merchant. the whiteflash definition of eye-clean is: no inclusions visible to the naked eye of a person with 20/20 vision when viewing the diamond in the face-up position at a distance of approximately 10 inches under normal overhead lighting. and some diamonds may be technically eye clean but have features that impede light performance, leaving them less bright or fiery than they would otherwise be. si diamonds with clarity grades based on features such as clouds, twinning wisps, and graining can sometimes have transparency deficits. it is wise to have an experienced expert review such diamonds before you are fully committed to a purchase, as these effects can sometimes not be obvious to the untrained eye. shopping for a good si1 can be a little tricky, but the payoff in value can be very worthwhile. diamond plot and keys to symbols magnified diamond with crystal inclusions generally speaking, moving to the vs range will remove the chance that clarity features will have any negative impact on the beauty of the diamond. fluorescence fluorescence can sometimes impact transparency as well. some diamonds with strong fluorescence can appear milky when exposed to strong ultraviolet light such as that found in direct sunlight. while fluorescence is normally just an identifying characteristic with no impact on diamond appearance in typical viewing environments, it is important to have an overall understanding of the topic when considering a fluorescent diamond. any meaningful discussion about the grade of a diamond assumes that the stone has a report from one of the top gemological laboratories such as gia or agsl (american gem society laboratories). only ethical, well-equipped labs with highly trained and experienced graders can be relied upon to give accurate and consistent grades. browse in stock diamonds be inspired by our designer engagement rings find the perfect designer ring for your special diamond by clicking the links below, and let us build the ultimate ring for the love of your life! as featured in as featured in follow us contact us chat now info@whiteflash.com 2150 town square place #330, sugar land, tx 77479 toll free: 1-877-612-6770 • outside usa: 1-832-252-6770 sign up for our newsletter go “winner of the better business bureau’s top honor – the bbb 2021 pinnacle award!” sitemap © 2000 - 2022 whiteflash inc. privacy policy my cart my diamonds my jewelry my diamond pairs last visited products my cart my diamonds my jewelry my diamond pairs find diamonds find jewelry go to my cart continue shopping proceed to checkout find diamonds find jewelry compare remove all find more diamonds compare remove all find more jewelry compare remove all find more diamonds what would you like to do? buy this diamond without setting – you can still add the diamond to a setting later if you decide to do so. buy this diamond with setting. search from our selection of diamond settings to find your perfect ring. what would you like to do? buy this diamond pair without setting – you can still add the diamond pair to a setting later if you decide to do so. buy this diamond pair with earrings. search our selection for studs and earrings to find the perfect match for your diamonds. what would you like to do? buy setting now without diamond. you can add a diamond to this setting later. buy diamond with this setting. choose from our selection of loose diamonds to create your ideal engagement ring. what would you like to do? buy earrings now without diamond. you can add a diamond to these earrings later. buy these earrings with our diamonds. choose from our selection of loose diamonds to create your gorgeous earrings. engrave the ring 1. select a font: block italic script 2. enter your text: characters remaining: 3. preview (approximate): engraving tips save ultimate care plans