来源URL: https://web.archive.org/web/20231229173940/https://www.whiteflash.com/confidence/iso-9000-certified/
================================================================================

what is iso 9000 and why should i care that whiteflash is certified free fedex worldwide shipping visit our houston showroom visit our store sign in wish list my cart aud cad eur gbp hkd nzd sgd usd usd 877-612-6770 live chat diamonds diamonds search natural diamonds round cushion radiant asscher princess oval emerald pear diamond pair search request a diamond search lab diamonds round cushion radiant asscher princess oval emerald pear lab diamond pair search a cut above® diamonds a cut above® hearts and arrows a cut above® collection series a cut above® specifications precision lab diamonds precision lab created diamonds a complete guide to lab grown diamonds engagement rings engagement rings engagement ring search solitaire engagement rings halo engagement rings pave engagement rings 3 stone engagement rings wedding sets custom engagement rings platinum engagement rings white gold engagement rings yellow gold engagement rings rose gold engagement rings browse all engagement rings designer engagement rings simon g. а. jaffe ritani verragio tacori vatche valoria danhov benchmark browse all designer collections wedding rings wedding rings wedding ring search diamond wedding rings classic wedding rings eternity wedding rings women's wedding rings men's wedding rings browse all wedding rings designer wedding rings simon g. wedding rings a. jaffe wedding rings ritani wedding rings verragio wedding rings tacori wedding rings vatche wedding rings valoria danhov wedding rings benchmark wedding rings browse all designer collections jewelry jewelry diamond earrings diamond studs diamond drops diamond hoops diamond halos diamond pendants diamond pendants diamond necklaces diamond bracelets diamond bracelets diamond bangles education education the diamond 4 c's diamond cut diamond cut (shape) round princess cushion oval radiant emerald asscher pear heart marquise diamond carat 0.5 carat diamonds 3/4 carat diamonds 1 carat diamonds 1.5 carat diamonds 2 carat diamonds 2.5 carat diamonds 3 carat diamonds 4 carat diamonds 5 carat diamonds 10 carat diamonds diamond color d color diamonds e color diamonds f color diamonds g color diamonds h color diamonds i color diamonds j color diamonds k color diamonds diamond clarity fl diamonds if diamonds vvs1 diamonds vvs2 diamonds vs1 diamonds vs2 diamonds si1 diamonds si2 diamonds i1 diamonds diamond certification gia igi ags egl gcal diamond glossary diamond analytics aset ideal scope hearts and arrows holloway cut advisor (hca) sarine report diamond imaging guide to vvs diamonds education center diamond education jewelry education gems and gemology infographics whiteflash blog whiteflash policies diamond buying guide why whiteflash why whiteflash whiteflash benefits free shipping worldwide life time trade up one year buy back money back guarantee customer loyalty program one year service plan the whiteflash guarantee about whiteflash social responsibility iso 9000 certified bbb pinnacle award winner fully vetted in-stock diamonds customer testimonials core values ultimate care plan faq reviews contact call chat email sign in search natural diamonds round princess cushion oval radiant emerald asscher pear heart marquise diamond pair search request a diamond search lab diamonds round princess cushion oval radiant emerald asscher pear heart marquise lab diamond pair search request a lab diamond a cut above® diamonds a cut above® hearts and arrows a cut above® collection series a cut above® specifications precision lab diamonds precision lab created diamonds a complete guide to lab grown diamonds engagement ring search solitaire engagement rings halo engagement rings pave engagement rings 3 stone engagement rings wedding sets custom engagement rings designer engagement rings simon g. а. jaffe ritani verragio tacori vatche valoria danhov benchmark engagement rings education the right way to maintain a ring’s beauty engagement ring care how to select the perfect engagement ring diamond setting guide find my ring size platinum vs. white gold jewelry manufacturing wedding ring search diamond wedding rings classic wedding rings eternity wedding rings women's wedding rings men's wedding rings browse all wedding rings designer wedding rings simon g. wedding rings a. jaffe wedding rings ritani wedding rings verragio wedding rings tacori wedding rings vatche wedding rings valoria wedding rings danhov wedding rings benchmark wedding rings the finest wedding rings in houston whether you live in texas or are simply looking for the very best customer service experience around, you’ll find help, support and the finest selection of designer wedding rings in houston at whiteflash. visit our showroom page diamond earrings diamond studs diamond hoops diamond drops diamond halos diamond pendants diamond pendants diamond necklaces dreams of africa collection diamond bracelets diamond bracelets diamond bangles anniversary rings right hand rings men's jewelry gemstones and pearls designer jewelry collections we feature the finest designer jewelry brands including tacori and simon g. in addition, we offer whiteflash original designs and custom designed jewelry created in our state-of-the-art workshop. simon g jewelry tacori jewelry the diamond 4 c's diamond cut round princess cushion oval radiant emerald asscher pear heart marquise diamond cut (shape) 0.5 carat diamonds 3/4 carat diamonds 1 carat diamonds 1.5 carat diamonds 2 carat diamonds 2.5 carat diamonds 3 carat diamonds 4 carat diamonds 5 carat diamonds 10 carat diamonds diamond carat d color diamonds e color diamonds f color diamonds g color diamonds h color diamonds i color diamonds j color diamonds k color diamonds diamond color fl diamonds if diamonds vvs1 diamonds vvs2 diamonds vs1 diamonds vs2 diamonds si1 diamonds si2 diamonds i1 diamonds diamond clarity gia igi ags egl gcal hrd diamond certification diamond glossary diamond analytics aset ideal scope heart and arrows holloway cut advisor (hca) sarine report diamond imaging guide to vvs diamonds education center diamond education jewelry education gems and gemology infographics whiteflash blog whiteflash policies diamond buying guide whiteflash benefits free shipping worldwide life time trade up one year buy back money back guarantee customer loyalty program one year service plan the whiteflash guarantee about whiteflash social responsibility iso 9000 certified bbb pinnacle award winner fully vetted in-stock diamonds customer testimonials core values ultimate care plan the whiteflash store welcome to the whiteflash store! we have created a very special venue for our clients living in or visiting the houston area to come see our products and meet our friendly and knowledgeable staff. our store is open weekdays from 10am-5pm. engagement ring financing sign in call chat email home > confidence > whiteflash – certified for iso 9000 what is iso 9000 and why should i care? many of our customers have never heard of iso 9000, so naturally it is unclear to them exactly what it is or why they should care. being certified for iso is a significant accomplishment, and whiteflash is proud to be the only retail jeweler that we know of with this distinction. and it has meaningful benefits for customers considering whiteflash for their important diamond and jewelry purchases. what is iso 9000? iso 9000 is an international quality management and continual improvement system. in order to become certified a company must commit significant time and resources to developing an iso compliant regimen of documenting their operational processes and tracking any issues, errors, or non-conformities that impact customers. the critical aspects of the business are comprehensively mapped out in a way that they can be fully understood and audited, and they must be updated as the business evolves or changes. this also provides a way for any person in the company involved in a particular process to understand how all the pieces fit together and their particular role in the operation. as such, these process maps and work instructions provide an important resource for training. when an error or quality problem occurs that reaches the customer (that is, is not caught and remedied by the iso quality control system internally), that issue must be thoroughly documented. on a certain schedule iso requires that those documents are reviewed and a determination made as to appropriate corrective actions to prevent such occurrences in the future. view in stock diamonds why iso 9000 most companies that commit to the rigorous requirements of iso are in fields where any errors could be catastrophic, such as medical device manufacturing, pharmaceuticals, or materials and installation of public infrastructure such as roads and bridges. these are cases where errors can literally be life and death. in some cases, companies require that any vendor wishing to do business with them be iso certified, which becomes the impetus for many businesses to become certified. this probably explains why whiteflash is unique among jewelry retailers for our iso certification. nobody will claim that diamonds or jewelry are life and death matters. nor is iso certification required to provide jewelry to the public. but precision cut diamonds and engagement rings are extremely important life commemorating moments for consumers, and as such deserve the greatest effort possible in getting everything right. annual audits achieving iso certification is a monumental undertaking involving literally every person in the company. but certification is an ongoing process that requires passing multi-day, annual reviews by iso 9000 auditors. documentation is carefully checked to verify compliance. interviews are conducted with employees to verify that they are fully engaged and understand the quality system. any deficiencies found in the audit must be remedied before re-certification is granted. years of continual improvement when you deal with a company that has been iso 9000 certified for a significant number of years, you know that continuous improvements have been made and that every quality issue has been reviewed and addressed. if you are considering making a significant purchase, knowing that you are dealing with a company that has made a full commitment to accuracy and quality, and is devoted to best practices and the customer experience, you can have great confidence that you are dealing with a reputable and reliable business. why iso 9000 should matter to you an engagement ring is not only a very expensive item, but it is also has extremely important emotional value. therefore the reputation of the company you are dealing with is of paramount importance. you want to know that the information and representations made by that company are honest and accurate, especially if you are buying online. you want to know that the quality you are investing in will be the quality that is delivered, and that any issues you may experience will be dealt with professionally and conscientiously. iso 9000 certification does not guarantee that a mistake will not be made, but it provides assurance that the likelihood is much lower than if such a rigorous quality management system was not in place. nearly all companies claim they are fully dedicated to customer care. but how do you really know that they are not just saying that in order to get your business? certainly peer reviews from other customers that can be found on third party review sites such as google and yelp provide some assurance, and things like membership in the american gem society and the company’s record with better business bureau are important. but a company that does the hard work and invests the time, money and resources to achieve and maintain iso certification is proving their commitment to their customers in a very specific and direct way. the integrity and quality of a business can be represented by the ven diagram above. the best companies are those that are defined by the intersection of a high level of talent, operating by best practices, and an adherence to core values (represented by the diamond in the center overlapping ‘sweet spot”). when the practices are defined by the iso 9000 quality management system, their team is a veteran group of gia and ags accredited jewelry professionals, and they are guided by a set of core values that has delivering a brilliant experience as its north star, that intersection is one you can count on for your most important purchases. browse designer rings achieving the highest bbb honors one of the most celebrated honors that reflects this intersection of talent, practice, and values is the better business bureau awards for excellence. whiteflash has been a winner of distinction each and every year since 2004. over that time whiteflash has not only maintained an a+ rating, but has been named the pinnacle winner multiple times, honoring the single best company in each business category. this annual competition is judged by business veterans on the basis of product quality, integrity, social responsibility and customer care. naturally whiteflash is proud of our bbb honors. the competition measures us against some of the finest jewelers in america operating in the fourth largest market in the us. but honors and awards are just the reflection of what really matters to the whiteflash team, and that is providing outstanding products and excellent care to customers making important life affirming purchases. *the term iso 9000 is a kind of shorthand. just like the companies they certify, the iso regimen evolves and changes over time. periodically their requirements change and a new updated version of iso is established. technically whiteflash is certified for iso 9001:2015 be inspired by our designer engagement rings find the perfect designer ring for your special diamond by clicking the links below, and let us build the ultimate ring for the love of your life! as featured in as featured in follow us contact us chat now info@whiteflash.com 2150 town square place #330, sugar land, tx 77479 toll free: 1-877-612-6770 • outside usa: 1-832-252-6770 sign up for our newsletter go “winner of the better business bureau’s top honor – the bbb 2021 pinnacle award!” sitemap © 2000 - 2024 whiteflash inc. privacy policy my cart my diamonds my jewelry my diamond pairs last visited products my cart my diamonds my jewelry my diamond pairs find diamonds find jewelry go to my cart continue shopping proceed to checkout find diamonds find jewelry compare remove all find more diamonds compare remove all find more jewelry compare remove all find more diamonds what would you like to do? buy this diamond without setting – you can still add the diamond to a setting later if you decide to do so. buy this diamond with setting. search from our selection of diamond settings to find your perfect ring. what would you like to do? buy this diamond pair without setting – you can still add the diamond pair to a setting later if you decide to do so. buy this diamond pair with earrings. search our selection for studs and earrings to find the perfect match for your diamonds. what would you like to do? buy this diamond pair without setting – you can still add the diamond pair to a setting later if you decide to do so. buy this diamond pair with earrings. search our selection for studs and earrings to find the perfect match for your diamonds. what would you like to do? buy setting now without diamond. you can add a diamond to this setting later. buy diamond with this setting. choose from our selection of loose diamonds to create your ideal engagement ring. what would you like to do? buy earrings now without diamond. you can add a diamond to these earrings later. buy these earrings with our diamonds. choose from our selection of loose diamonds to create your gorgeous earrings. engrave the ring 1. select a font: block italic script 2. enter your text: characters remaining: 3. preview (approximate): engraving tips save ultimate care plans