来源URL: https://web.archive.org/web/20231229173940/https://www.whiteflash.com/testimonials/
================================================================================

whiteflash diamond reviews and testimonials free fedex worldwide shipping visit our houston showroom visit our store sign in wish list my cart aud cad eur gbp hkd nzd sgd usd usd 877-612-6770 live chat diamonds diamonds search natural diamonds round cushion radiant asscher princess oval emerald pear diamond pair search request a diamond search lab diamonds round cushion radiant asscher princess oval emerald pear lab diamond pair search a cut above® diamonds a cut above® hearts and arrows a cut above® collection series a cut above® specifications precision lab diamonds precision lab created diamonds a complete guide to lab grown diamonds engagement rings engagement rings engagement ring search solitaire engagement rings halo engagement rings pave engagement rings 3 stone engagement rings wedding sets custom engagement rings platinum engagement rings white gold engagement rings yellow gold engagement rings rose gold engagement rings browse all engagement rings designer engagement rings simon g. а. jaffe ritani verragio tacori vatche valoria danhov benchmark browse all designer collections wedding rings wedding rings wedding ring search diamond wedding rings classic wedding rings eternity wedding rings women's wedding rings men's wedding rings browse all wedding rings designer wedding rings simon g. wedding rings a. jaffe wedding rings ritani wedding rings verragio wedding rings tacori wedding rings vatche wedding rings valoria danhov wedding rings benchmark wedding rings browse all designer collections jewelry jewelry diamond earrings diamond studs diamond drops diamond hoops diamond halos diamond pendants diamond pendants diamond necklaces diamond bracelets diamond bracelets diamond bangles education education the diamond 4 c's diamond cut diamond cut (shape) round princess cushion oval radiant emerald asscher pear heart marquise diamond carat 0.5 carat diamonds 3/4 carat diamonds 1 carat diamonds 1.5 carat diamonds 2 carat diamonds 2.5 carat diamonds 3 carat diamonds 4 carat diamonds 5 carat diamonds 10 carat diamonds diamond color d color diamonds e color diamonds f color diamonds g color diamonds h color diamonds i color diamonds j color diamonds k color diamonds diamond clarity fl diamonds if diamonds vvs1 diamonds vvs2 diamonds vs1 diamonds vs2 diamonds si1 diamonds si2 diamonds i1 diamonds diamond certification gia igi ags egl gcal diamond glossary diamond analytics aset ideal scope hearts and arrows holloway cut advisor (hca) sarine report diamond imaging guide to vvs diamonds education center diamond education jewelry education gems and gemology infographics whiteflash blog whiteflash policies diamond buying guide why whiteflash why whiteflash whiteflash benefits free shipping worldwide life time trade up one year buy back money back guarantee customer loyalty program one year service plan the whiteflash guarantee about whiteflash social responsibility iso 9000 certified bbb pinnacle award winner fully vetted in-stock diamonds customer testimonials core values ultimate care plan faq reviews contact call chat email sign in search natural diamonds round princess cushion oval radiant emerald asscher pear heart marquise diamond pair search request a diamond search lab diamonds round princess cushion oval radiant emerald asscher pear heart marquise lab diamond pair search request a lab diamond a cut above® diamonds a cut above® hearts and arrows a cut above® collection series a cut above® specifications precision lab diamonds precision lab created diamonds a complete guide to lab grown diamonds engagement ring search solitaire engagement rings halo engagement rings pave engagement rings 3 stone engagement rings wedding sets custom engagement rings designer engagement rings simon g. а. jaffe ritani verragio tacori vatche valoria danhov benchmark engagement rings education the right way to maintain a ring’s beauty engagement ring care how to select the perfect engagement ring diamond setting guide find my ring size platinum vs. white gold jewelry manufacturing wedding ring search diamond wedding rings classic wedding rings eternity wedding rings women's wedding rings men's wedding rings browse all wedding rings designer wedding rings simon g. wedding rings a. jaffe wedding rings ritani wedding rings verragio wedding rings tacori wedding rings vatche wedding rings valoria wedding rings danhov wedding rings benchmark wedding rings the finest wedding rings in houston whether you live in texas or are simply looking for the very best customer service experience around, you’ll find help, support and the finest selection of designer wedding rings in houston at whiteflash. visit our showroom page diamond earrings diamond studs diamond hoops diamond drops diamond halos diamond pendants diamond pendants diamond necklaces dreams of africa collection diamond bracelets diamond bracelets diamond bangles anniversary rings right hand rings men's jewelry gemstones and pearls designer jewelry collections we feature the finest designer jewelry brands including tacori and simon g. in addition, we offer whiteflash original designs and custom designed jewelry created in our state-of-the-art workshop. simon g jewelry tacori jewelry the diamond 4 c's diamond cut round princess cushion oval radiant emerald asscher pear heart marquise diamond cut (shape) 0.5 carat diamonds 3/4 carat diamonds 1 carat diamonds 1.5 carat diamonds 2 carat diamonds 2.5 carat diamonds 3 carat diamonds 4 carat diamonds 5 carat diamonds 10 carat diamonds diamond carat d color diamonds e color diamonds f color diamonds g color diamonds h color diamonds i color diamonds j color diamonds k color diamonds diamond color fl diamonds if diamonds vvs1 diamonds vvs2 diamonds vs1 diamonds vs2 diamonds si1 diamonds si2 diamonds i1 diamonds diamond clarity gia igi ags egl gcal hrd diamond certification diamond glossary diamond analytics aset ideal scope heart and arrows holloway cut advisor (hca) sarine report diamond imaging guide to vvs diamonds education center diamond education jewelry education gems and gemology infographics whiteflash blog whiteflash policies diamond buying guide whiteflash benefits free shipping worldwide life time trade up one year buy back money back guarantee customer loyalty program one year service plan the whiteflash guarantee about whiteflash social responsibility iso 9000 certified bbb pinnacle award winner fully vetted in-stock diamonds customer testimonials core values ultimate care plan the whiteflash store welcome to the whiteflash store! we have created a very special venue for our clients living in or visiting the houston area to come see our products and meet our friendly and knowledgeable staff. our store is open weekdays from 10am-5pm. engagement ring financing sign in call chat email home > reviews mindy wow! i just got the ring in today and it looks great! my dad came over to see it and was amazed how the diamond looks like it is floating. he tried to get me to let him give it to her now instead of waiting for their anniversary but i wouldn’t let him. ha! he said he is going to die if he has to wait until july to give it to her. i know she will be jumping for joy! thanks again for all of your help read more tyra it's perfect!!! thank you again so much for your patience and help. we are over the moon with everything from the ring itself to the outstanding customer service we have received from each and every one of you guys at whiteflash who has dealt with us. we will both recommend your services - no other company we contacted regarding rings has given us quite as great a service as you. read more emma i love my ring, it's so beautiful. excellent customer service and the delivery was on time with a great tracking system. the whole experience from start to finish has been above expectation. read more sean my fiancee is thrilled with the ring! thanks so much for all your help and for being so accommodating. i will be sure to refer any friends who might need engagement rings to go to whiteflash. read more david i received both my diamonds and we are very happy about them. both diamonds are truly outstanding as compared to those inside the local jewellery store in hong kong. to be honest, buying a diamond online is a difficult decision for most of us. at first i really afraid if that's a good decision to choose a online shop. but that feeling was gone once i revived the diamond. whiteflash provides such excellent service in answering my questions. their expert opinions helped a lot in choosing the right diamond. the shipping was fast and the packaging looks amazing. i will definitely recommend whiteflash to my friends. thank you so much for helping me during the process read more whiteflash customer reviews and testimonials there is no better way to understand the whiteflash experience than by reading actual customer reviews. they convey the feelings of excitement about our hearts and arrows diamonds, the exceptional quality of our diamond engagement rings, and our very personal brand of customer service. below are authentic emails that we receive from whiteflash customers on a daily basis from all over the world. they are reprinted in un-edited form except when necessary to protect the customer's privacy. the images imbedded on the pages enable you to see the quality and variety of the fabulous pieces that we offer. here you will see examples of whiteflash signature styles and custom design projects, as well as designer engagement rings. please take your time and enjoy your whiteflash "eye candy"! for independent whiteflash reviews you can visit third party review sites such as google and yelp. view: reviews found found country: display: 12 24 36 48 january 10, 2024 the proposal went super well! she loves the ring. i am so happy i found this company! i had the pleasure of working with becca. she was super helpful in helping me find the perfect diamond for my now fiancée! i was a little nervous at first but becca made the whole process so seamless. she was patient with all my questions and even after my purchase, she checked up with me to make sure everything went perfect. i couldn't have gotten better customer service! will for sure be purchasing any diamonds in the future from them and i hope to get becca again! :) josh g, california, usa january 10, 2024 the diamond is beyond what i had even hoped for. thank you so much for your help finding a diamond. i had it set in a platinum bezel setting, and i just got my completed ring today. the stone is incredibly sparkly, beyond what i had even hoped for. laura k, new jersey, usa january 10, 2024 loyal customer for life. i absolutely love, love, love my three whiteflash diamonds. they are stunning!! cheryl b, texas, usa january 09, 2024 she said yes! she loves the ring and everyone compliments her on it. tyler c, michigan, usa january 08, 2024 we are very happy with the ring! the diamond's cut is superb. the ring's workmanship is clean and professional. very happy. :) thanks for all the help making this a reality. and an extra thank you for getting us the ring right before the holidays. that made it extra special for us! cherag k, massachusetts, usa january 08, 2024 my fiancée has been receiving lots of compliments. the engagement ring is high quality. the diamonds are very sparkly. i would definitely order again from whiteflash. luke k, california, usa january 06, 2024 whiteflash's commitment to customer satisfaction make them a standout in the industry. i recently had the pleasure of purchasing a custom made diamond ring from brittany at whiteflash. brittany was extremely helpful in helping me design the perfect ring. brittany immediately made me feel at ease with her extensive knowledge of diamonds and the various options available and took the time to understand my preferences and budget. brittany's attention to detail was evident, making the entire shopping experience enjoyable and stress-free. throughout the process, brittany demonstrated exceptional professionalism and integrity. it was evident that her primary goal was customer satisfaction. i highly recommend whiteflash to anyone in search of a diamond ring. their expertise, personalized service, and genuine commitment to customer satisfaction make them a standout in the industry. david j, florida, usa january 05, 2024 it's exactly what i wanted. perfect ! i am so glad i found you, becca, and really appreciate all the care and help you put into my purchase to make it exactly what i wanted. please thank everyone involved in my gift. she will love it. paul c, florida, usa january 04, 2024 kayla loves the set and we're thrilled with the rings! when i received the ring i was thoroughly impressed with the quality and presentation. it was absolutely stunning. i'm happy to announce that the proposal happened this last weekend and it went off without a hitch and kayla absolutely loves the ring. i really appreciate all the help that you and your team have provided along the way! i really appreciate everything you've done over the last few months! dylan g, canada january 03, 2024 it turned out to be a great surprise. the ring is such a beauty, we both like it very much! the diamond plays with the different light in a such a great way. the ring size seems to be the right one, a little loose at the place it sits and she feels it comfortable. i want to thank you for everything you did to make this happen. angel d, bulgaria january 02, 2024 i absolutely love the ring! everything about it is perfect. thank you so much for your assistance along the way. the profile is actually a tinge shorter than my original engagement ring so it's just what i wanted. now i need to find a way to keep it clean. i have been eyeing your tennis bracelets, i will need to start doing some savings to get one in the near future! thanks again!! jennifer g, minnesota, usa december 29, 2023 customer service was remarkable. my wife was thrilled with the diamond studs. they exceeded all expectations. thanks for all your personal assistance in my purchase. i was concerned about a purchase of this magnitude from an internet provider. you took all the worries out of the transaction. david k, missouri, usa load more be inspired by our designer engagement rings find the perfect designer ring for your special diamond by clicking the links below, and let us build the ultimate ring for the love of your life! as featured in as featured in follow us contact us chat now info@whiteflash.com 2150 town square place #330, sugar land, tx 77479 toll free: 1-877-612-6770 • outside usa: 1-832-252-6770 sign up for our newsletter go “winner of the better business bureau’s top honor – the bbb 2021 pinnacle award!” sitemap © 2000 - 2024 whiteflash inc. privacy policy my cart my diamonds my jewelry my diamond pairs last visited products my cart my diamonds my jewelry my diamond pairs find diamonds find jewelry go to my cart continue shopping proceed to checkout find diamonds find jewelry compare remove all find more diamonds compare remove all find more jewelry compare remove all find more diamonds what would you like to do? buy this diamond without setting – you can still add the diamond to a setting later if you decide to do so. buy this diamond with setting. search from our selection of diamond settings to find your perfect ring. what would you like to do? buy this diamond pair without setting – you can still add the diamond pair to a setting later if you decide to do so. buy this diamond pair with earrings. search our selection for studs and earrings to find the perfect match for your diamonds. what would you like to do? buy this diamond pair without setting – you can still add the diamond pair to a setting later if you decide to do so. buy this diamond pair with earrings. search our selection for studs and earrings to find the perfect match for your diamonds. what would you like to do? buy setting now without diamond. you can add a diamond to this setting later. buy diamond with this setting. choose from our selection of loose diamonds to create your ideal engagement ring. what would you like to do? buy earrings now without diamond. you can add a diamond to these earrings later. buy these earrings with our diamonds. choose from our selection of loose diamonds to create your gorgeous earrings. engrave the ring 1. select a font: block italic script 2. enter your text: characters remaining: 3. preview (approximate): engraving tips save ultimate care plans