来源URL: https://web.archive.org/web/20250505023952/https://www.whiteflash.com/testimonials/
================================================================================

whiteflash diamond reviews and testimonials free fedex worldwide shipping visit our houston showroom visit our store sign in wish list my cart aud cad eur gbp hkd nzd sgd usd usd 877-612-6770 live chat diamonds diamonds search natural diamonds round cushion radiant asscher princess oval emerald pear diamond pair search request a diamond search lab diamonds round cushion radiant asscher princess oval emerald pear lab diamond pair search a cut above® diamonds a cut above® hearts and arrows a cut above® collection series a cut above® specifications precision lab diamonds precision lab created diamonds a complete guide to lab grown diamonds engagement rings engagement rings engagement ring search solitaire engagement rings halo engagement rings pave engagement rings 3 stone engagement rings wedding sets custom engagement rings platinum engagement rings white gold engagement rings yellow gold engagement rings rose gold engagement rings browse all engagement rings designer engagement rings simon g. а. jaffe ritani verragio tacori vatche valoria danhov benchmark browse all designer collections wedding rings wedding rings wedding ring search diamond wedding rings classic wedding rings eternity wedding rings women's wedding rings men's wedding rings browse all wedding rings designer wedding rings simon g. wedding rings a. jaffe wedding rings ritani wedding rings verragio wedding rings tacori wedding rings vatche wedding rings valoria danhov wedding rings benchmark wedding rings browse all designer collections jewelry jewelry diamond earrings diamond studs diamond drops diamond hoops diamond halos diamond pendants diamond pendants diamond necklaces diamond bracelets diamond bracelets diamond bangles education education the diamond 4 c's diamond cut diamond cut (shape) round princess cushion oval radiant emerald asscher pear heart marquise diamond carat 0.5 carat diamonds 3/4 carat diamonds 1 carat diamonds 1.5 carat diamonds 2 carat diamonds 2.5 carat diamonds 3 carat diamonds 4 carat diamonds 5 carat diamonds 10 carat diamonds diamond color d color diamonds e color diamonds f color diamonds g color diamonds h color diamonds i color diamonds j color diamonds k color diamonds diamond clarity fl diamonds if diamonds vvs1 diamonds vvs2 diamonds vs1 diamonds vs2 diamonds si1 diamonds si2 diamonds i1 diamonds diamond certification gia igi ags egl gcal diamond glossary diamond analytics aset ideal scope hearts and arrows holloway cut advisor (hca) sarine report diamond imaging guide to vvs diamonds education center diamond education jewelry education gems and gemology infographics whiteflash blog whiteflash policies diamond buying guide why whiteflash why whiteflash whiteflash benefits free shipping worldwide life time trade up one year service plan money back guarantee customer loyalty program ultimate care plan the whiteflash guarantee about whiteflash social responsibility iso 9000 certified bbb winner of distinction fully vetted in-stock diamonds customer testimonials core values engagement ring financing faq reviews contact call chat email sign in search natural diamonds round princess cushion oval radiant emerald asscher pear heart marquise diamond pair search request a diamond search lab diamonds round princess cushion oval radiant emerald asscher pear heart marquise lab diamond pair search request a lab diamond a cut above® diamonds a cut above® hearts and arrows a cut above® collection series a cut above® specifications precision lab diamonds precision lab created diamonds a complete guide to lab grown diamonds engagement ring search solitaire engagement rings halo engagement rings pave engagement rings 3 stone engagement rings wedding sets custom engagement rings designer engagement rings simon g. а. jaffe ritani verragio tacori vatche valoria danhov benchmark engagement rings education the right way to maintain a ring’s beauty engagement ring care how to select the perfect engagement ring diamond setting guide find my ring size platinum vs. white gold jewelry manufacturing wedding ring search diamond wedding rings classic wedding rings eternity wedding rings women's wedding rings men's wedding rings browse all wedding rings designer wedding rings simon g. wedding rings a. jaffe wedding rings ritani wedding rings verragio wedding rings tacori wedding rings vatche wedding rings valoria wedding rings danhov wedding rings benchmark wedding rings the finest wedding rings in houston whether you live in texas or are simply looking for the very best customer service experience around, you’ll find help, support and the finest selection of designer wedding rings in houston at whiteflash. visit our showroom page diamond earrings diamond studs diamond hoops diamond drops diamond halos diamond pendants diamond pendants diamond necklaces lab grown diamond jewelry diamond bracelets diamond bracelets diamond bangles anniversary rings right hand rings men's jewelry gemstones and pearls designer jewelry collections we feature the finest designer jewelry brands including tacori and simon g. in addition, we offer whiteflash original designs and custom designed jewelry created in our state-of-the-art workshop. simon g jewelry tacori jewelry the diamond 4 c's diamond cut round princess cushion oval radiant emerald asscher pear heart marquise diamond cut (shape) 0.5 carat diamonds 3/4 carat diamonds 1 carat diamonds 1.5 carat diamonds 2 carat diamonds 2.5 carat diamonds 3 carat diamonds 4 carat diamonds 5 carat diamonds 6 carat diamonds 7 carat diamonds 10 carat diamonds diamond carat d color diamonds e color diamonds f color diamonds g color diamonds h color diamonds i color diamonds j color diamonds k color diamonds diamond color fl diamonds if diamonds vvs1 diamonds vvs2 diamonds vs1 diamonds vs2 diamonds si1 diamonds si2 diamonds i1 diamonds diamond clarity gia igi ags egl gcal hrd diamond certification diamond glossary diamond analytics aset ideal scope heart and arrows holloway cut advisor (hca) sarine report diamond imaging guide to vvs diamonds education center diamond education jewelry education gems and gemology infographics whiteflash blog whiteflash policies diamond buying guide whiteflash benefits free shipping worldwide life time trade up one year service plan money back guarantee customer loyalty program ultimate care plan the whiteflash guarantee about whiteflash social responsibility iso 9000 certified bbb winner of distinction fully vetted in-stock diamonds customer testimonials core values engagement ring financing the whiteflash store welcome to the whiteflash store! we have created a very special venue for our clients living in or visiting the houston area to come see our products and meet our friendly and knowledgeable staff. our store is open weekdays from 10am-5pm. sign in call chat email home > reviews mindy wow! i just got the ring in today and it looks great! my dad came over to see it and was amazed how the diamond looks like it is floating. he tried to get me to let him give it to her now instead of waiting for their anniversary but i wouldn’t let him. ha! he said he is going to die if he has to wait until july to give it to her. i know she will be jumping for joy! thanks again for all of your help read more tyra it's perfect!!! thank you again so much for your patience and help. we are over the moon with everything from the ring itself to the outstanding customer service we have received from each and every one of you guys at whiteflash who has dealt with us. we will both recommend your services - no other company we contacted regarding rings has given us quite as great a service as you. read more emma i love my ring, it's so beautiful. excellent customer service and the delivery was on time with a great tracking system. the whole experience from start to finish has been above expectation. read more sean my fiancee is thrilled with the ring! thanks so much for all your help and for being so accommodating. i will be sure to refer any friends who might need engagement rings to go to whiteflash. read more david i received both my diamonds and we are very happy about them. both diamonds are truly outstanding as compared to those inside the local jewellery store in hong kong. to be honest, buying a diamond online is a difficult decision for most of us. at first i really afraid if that's a good decision to choose a online shop. but that feeling was gone once i revived the diamond. whiteflash provides such excellent service in answering my questions. their expert opinions helped a lot in choosing the right diamond. the shipping was fast and the packaging looks amazing. i will definitely recommend whiteflash to my friends. thank you so much for helping me during the process read more whiteflash customer reviews and testimonials there is no better way to understand the whiteflash experience than by reading actual customer reviews. they convey the feelings of excitement about our hearts and arrows diamonds, the exceptional quality of our diamond engagement rings, and our very personal brand of customer service. below are authentic emails that we receive from whiteflash customers on a daily basis from all over the world. they are reprinted in un-edited form except when necessary to protect the customer's privacy. the images imbedded on the pages enable you to see the quality and variety of the fabulous pieces that we offer. here you will see examples of whiteflash signature styles and custom design projects, as well as designer engagement rings. please take your time and enjoy your whiteflash "eye candy"! for independent whiteflash reviews you can visit third party review sites such as google and yelp. view: reviews found found country: display: 12 24 36 48 march 26, 2025 beautiful diamond and presentation. i received the order today. the diamond is very beautiful and bright, and the presentation in its wooden box is perfect. thank you. rodrigo c, italy march 26, 2025 the ring came out fantastic!! i am extremely happy with it, and so is the wife! it complements the engagement ring perfectly. thank you again. chris b, new york, usa march 26, 2025 the necklace is fantastic, my wife loved it. it was the perfect anniversary gift. great product and excellent customer service. keep doing what you’re doing. matt s, illinois, usa march 25, 2025 i'm more than happy with my selection on both the ring and stone. i was able to pickup the ring yesterday and i must say it truly commands your attention upon opening the box. i'm more than happy with my selection on both the ring and stone. it has a very bold, yet elegant appearance to me. thank you so much for the help with this, brittany! adam s, south carolina, usa march 25, 2025 proposal success! she loves the ring! i proposed last night and she absolutely loved the ring. she said its the most perfect ring she has ever seen and i completely agree. your size recommendation was almost perfect as well, 4-5 seems spot on. thank you so much for making my idea a reality. darren b, uk march 24, 2025 the rings look as good in real life as they do here on this beautiful picture. everyone on the team works together ensuring the client experience is ultimate at every level. from my first interaction over the phone, over to the design, the decision and the reception of the items, i could not have been better supported! frederic l, canada march 24, 2025 i received the ring and it is beautiful. i wanted to personally thank becca for all the time and patience she put into making this happen. alexander s, florida, usa march 23, 2025 thank you soo much!❤️ the ring was everything i wished for!! the proposal went as well as i could have hoped and it all started with the slightly early delivery thanks to you! thanks for all the help throughout all of this! deep p, new jersey, usa march 22, 2025 the ring was amazing! i was very happy with it and my fiancée can’t stop staring at it. thank y'all for the quick service and the great job building the ring. definitely will be a returning customer if i need diamonds / jewelry in the future! keith c, texas, usa march 21, 2025 the ring is beautiful! the ring has been presented. my wife thinks it’s beautiful! simon c, canada march 20, 2025 great experience with whiteflash for engagement ring purchase. great range of diamonds and had a very great point of contact where my clarifications were dealt with swiftly and was also informed of the additional charges of the import of goods by local authorities before making my purchase. would recommend if you whiteflash for an engagement ring. just make sure that you are okay with the location to collect your purchase as this will be at a fixed location. dunstan o, singapore march 18, 2025 the ring is an absolute showstopper. whiteflash truly exceeded my expectations. brittany and the team here are absolutely fantastic! everything was top-notch, and my girlfriend—now fiancée—was over the moon when she saw the ring. the elegant case it came in was the perfect finishing touch. on top of that, the complimentary diamond earrings are simply stunning. i couldn’t be more impressed—this ring is an absolute showstopper, and they truly exceeded my expectations! garrett c, delaware, usa load more be inspired by our designer engagement rings find the perfect designer ring for your special diamond by clicking the links below, and let us build the ultimate ring for the love of your life! as featured in as featured in follow us contact us chat now info@whiteflash.com 2150 town square place #330, sugar land, tx 77479 toll free: 1-877-612-6770 • outside usa: 1-832-252-6770 sign up for our newsletter go “winner of the better business bureau’s top honor – the bbb 2024 winner of distinction!” sitemap © 2000 - 2025 whiteflash inc. privacy policy my cart my diamonds my jewelry my diamond pairs last visited products my cart my diamonds my jewelry my diamond pairs find diamonds find jewelry go to my cart continue shopping proceed to checkout find diamonds find jewelry compare remove all find more diamonds compare remove all find more jewelry compare remove all find more diamonds what would you like to do? buy this diamond without setting – you can still add the diamond to a setting later if you decide to do so. buy this diamond with setting. search from our selection of diamond settings to find your perfect ring. what would you like to do? buy this diamond pair without setting – you can still add the diamond pair to a setting later if you decide to do so. buy this diamond pair with earrings. search our selection for studs and earrings to find the perfect match for your diamonds. what would you like to do? buy this diamond pair without setting – you can still add the diamond pair to a setting later if you decide to do so. buy this diamond pair with earrings. search our selection for studs and earrings to find the perfect match for your diamonds. what would you like to do? buy setting now without diamond. you can add a diamond to this setting later. buy diamond with this setting. choose from our selection of loose diamonds to create your ideal engagement ring. what would you like to do? buy earrings now without diamond. you can add a diamond to these earrings later. buy these earrings with our diamonds. choose from our selection of loose diamonds to create your gorgeous earrings. engrave the ring 1. select a font: block italic script 2. enter your text: characters remaining: 3. preview (approximate): engraving tips save ultimate care plans