来源URL: https://web.archive.org/web/20250505023952/https://www.whiteflash.com/jewelry-education/
================================================================================

jewelry education - whiteflash free fedex worldwide shipping visit our houston showroom visit our store sign in wish list my cart aud cad eur gbp hkd nzd sgd usd usd 877-612-6770 live chat diamonds diamonds search natural diamonds round cushion radiant asscher princess oval emerald pear diamond pair search request a diamond search lab diamonds round cushion radiant asscher princess oval emerald pear lab diamond pair search a cut above® diamonds a cut above® hearts and arrows a cut above® collection series a cut above® specifications precision lab diamonds precision lab created diamonds a complete guide to lab grown diamonds engagement rings engagement rings engagement ring search solitaire engagement rings halo engagement rings pave engagement rings 3 stone engagement rings wedding sets custom engagement rings platinum engagement rings white gold engagement rings yellow gold engagement rings rose gold engagement rings browse all engagement rings designer engagement rings simon g. а. jaffe ritani verragio tacori vatche valoria danhov benchmark browse all designer collections wedding rings wedding rings wedding ring search diamond wedding rings classic wedding rings eternity wedding rings women's wedding rings men's wedding rings browse all wedding rings designer wedding rings simon g. wedding rings a. jaffe wedding rings ritani wedding rings verragio wedding rings tacori wedding rings vatche wedding rings valoria danhov wedding rings benchmark wedding rings browse all designer collections jewelry jewelry diamond earrings diamond studs diamond drops diamond hoops diamond halos diamond pendants diamond pendants diamond necklaces diamond bracelets diamond bracelets diamond bangles education education the diamond 4 c's diamond cut diamond cut (shape) round princess cushion oval radiant emerald asscher pear heart marquise diamond carat 0.5 carat diamonds 3/4 carat diamonds 1 carat diamonds 1.5 carat diamonds 2 carat diamonds 2.5 carat diamonds 3 carat diamonds 4 carat diamonds 5 carat diamonds 10 carat diamonds diamond color d color diamonds e color diamonds f color diamonds g color diamonds h color diamonds i color diamonds j color diamonds k color diamonds diamond clarity fl diamonds if diamonds vvs1 diamonds vvs2 diamonds vs1 diamonds vs2 diamonds si1 diamonds si2 diamonds i1 diamonds diamond certification gia igi ags egl gcal diamond glossary diamond analytics aset ideal scope hearts and arrows holloway cut advisor (hca) sarine report diamond imaging guide to vvs diamonds education center diamond education jewelry education gems and gemology infographics whiteflash blog whiteflash policies diamond buying guide why whiteflash why whiteflash whiteflash benefits free shipping worldwide life time trade up one year service plan money back guarantee customer loyalty program ultimate care plan the whiteflash guarantee about whiteflash social responsibility iso 9000 certified bbb winner of distinction fully vetted in-stock diamonds customer testimonials core values engagement ring financing faq reviews contact call chat email sign in search natural diamonds round princess cushion oval radiant emerald asscher pear heart marquise diamond pair search request a diamond search lab diamonds round princess cushion oval radiant emerald asscher pear heart marquise lab diamond pair search request a lab diamond a cut above® diamonds a cut above® hearts and arrows a cut above® collection series a cut above® specifications precision lab diamonds precision lab created diamonds a complete guide to lab grown diamonds engagement ring search solitaire engagement rings halo engagement rings pave engagement rings 3 stone engagement rings wedding sets custom engagement rings designer engagement rings simon g. а. jaffe ritani verragio tacori vatche valoria danhov benchmark engagement rings education the right way to maintain a ring’s beauty engagement ring care how to select the perfect engagement ring diamond setting guide find my ring size platinum vs. white gold jewelry manufacturing wedding ring search diamond wedding rings classic wedding rings eternity wedding rings women's wedding rings men's wedding rings browse all wedding rings designer wedding rings simon g. wedding rings a. jaffe wedding rings ritani wedding rings verragio wedding rings tacori wedding rings vatche wedding rings valoria wedding rings danhov wedding rings benchmark wedding rings the finest wedding rings in houston whether you live in texas or are simply looking for the very best customer service experience around, you’ll find help, support and the finest selection of designer wedding rings in houston at whiteflash. visit our showroom page diamond earrings diamond studs diamond hoops diamond drops diamond halos diamond pendants diamond pendants diamond necklaces lab grown diamond jewelry diamond bracelets diamond bracelets diamond bangles anniversary rings right hand rings men's jewelry gemstones and pearls designer jewelry collections we feature the finest designer jewelry brands including tacori and simon g. in addition, we offer whiteflash original designs and custom designed jewelry created in our state-of-the-art workshop. simon g jewelry tacori jewelry the diamond 4 c's diamond cut round princess cushion oval radiant emerald asscher pear heart marquise diamond cut (shape) 0.5 carat diamonds 3/4 carat diamonds 1 carat diamonds 1.5 carat diamonds 2 carat diamonds 2.5 carat diamonds 3 carat diamonds 4 carat diamonds 5 carat diamonds 6 carat diamonds 7 carat diamonds 10 carat diamonds diamond carat d color diamonds e color diamonds f color diamonds g color diamonds h color diamonds i color diamonds j color diamonds k color diamonds diamond color fl diamonds if diamonds vvs1 diamonds vvs2 diamonds vs1 diamonds vs2 diamonds si1 diamonds si2 diamonds i1 diamonds diamond clarity gia igi ags egl gcal hrd diamond certification diamond glossary diamond analytics aset ideal scope heart and arrows holloway cut advisor (hca) sarine report diamond imaging guide to vvs diamonds education center diamond education jewelry education gems and gemology infographics whiteflash blog whiteflash policies diamond buying guide whiteflash benefits free shipping worldwide life time trade up one year service plan money back guarantee customer loyalty program ultimate care plan the whiteflash guarantee about whiteflash social responsibility iso 9000 certified bbb winner of distinction fully vetted in-stock diamonds customer testimonials core values engagement ring financing the whiteflash store welcome to the whiteflash store! we have created a very special venue for our clients living in or visiting the houston area to come see our products and meet our friendly and knowledgeable staff. our store is open weekdays from 10am-5pm. sign in call chat email home > education > jewelry education jewelry education category diamond education jewelry education gems & gemology infographics whiteflash blog whiteflash policies tags cut carat color clarity certification designers metals styles order by popularity newest to oldest oldest to newest show hide filters sort by : popularity newest oldest jewelry education articles found articles found display: 10 25 50 the whiteflash jewelry education center the world of jewelry is vast and encompasses gems and minerals, artistry and technical craftsmanship. the range of options is almost limitless. it can be a little overwhelming even for experienced jewelry shoppers. our jewelry education section is intended to provide information on a variety of topics that will be helpful to shoppers in making good decisions in their jewelry purchases. whether you are curious about different setting styles, different jewelry designers, or the pros and cons of different precious metals you, will be able to learn useful things to better understand your options. as a specialist in designer engagement rings, our jewelry education section will feature lots of articles on the designers, their collections and their particular specialties. you will learn the history and inspiration behind the brands and the particular design elements and features that make them unique. in addition to information specific to engagement and wedding rings, you will find articles about fine jewelry in the form of earrings, pendants, necklaces and bracelets. there are so many occasions where a gift of jewelry is appropriate and well received, that it is just a matter of finding the style and price point that best suits the purpose. many of the jewelry designer brands have extensive collections of fine jewelry to choose from. we also provide information on the custom jewelry design process, for those interested in creating something very personal and one of a kind. a step by step process is available to move from a concept, drawing or picture of an item to finished product such that much of the uncertainty is removed. many custom projects today are done with use of cad (computer assisted design), which allows for rendering of photo realistic images before manufacturing and allowing for changes to be made and rendered as part of the process. whatever it is that you are shopping for in the world of fine jewelry, we hope you find helpful information here. if you do not find what you are looking for, please contact us and one of our friendly gia accredited jewelry professionals will be happy to assist! be inspired by our designer engagement rings find the perfect designer ring for your special diamond by clicking the links below, and let us build the ultimate ring for the love of your life! as featured in as featured in follow us contact us chat now info@whiteflash.com 2150 town square place #330, sugar land, tx 77479 toll free: 1-877-612-6770 • outside usa: 1-832-252-6770 sign up for our newsletter go “winner of the better business bureau’s top honor – the bbb 2024 winner of distinction!” sitemap © 2000 - 2025 whiteflash inc. privacy policy my cart my diamonds my jewelry my diamond pairs last visited products my cart my diamonds my jewelry my diamond pairs find diamonds find jewelry go to my cart continue shopping proceed to checkout find diamonds find jewelry compare remove all find more diamonds compare remove all find more jewelry compare remove all find more diamonds what would you like to do? buy this diamond without setting – you can still add the diamond to a setting later if you decide to do so. buy this diamond with setting. search from our selection of diamond settings to find your perfect ring. what would you like to do? buy this diamond pair without setting – you can still add the diamond pair to a setting later if you decide to do so. buy this diamond pair with earrings. search our selection for studs and earrings to find the perfect match for your diamonds. what would you like to do? buy this diamond pair without setting – you can still add the diamond pair to a setting later if you decide to do so. buy this diamond pair with earrings. search our selection for studs and earrings to find the perfect match for your diamonds. what would you like to do? buy setting now without diamond. you can add a diamond to this setting later. buy diamond with this setting. choose from our selection of loose diamonds to create your ideal engagement ring. what would you like to do? buy earrings now without diamond. you can add a diamond to these earrings later. buy these earrings with our diamonds. choose from our selection of loose diamonds to create your gorgeous earrings. engrave the ring 1. select a font: block italic script 2. enter your text: characters remaining: 3. preview (approximate): engraving tips save ultimate care plans