来源URL: https://web.archive.org/web/20250505023952/https://www.whiteflash.com/engagement-rings/custom-design/
================================================================================

custom jewelry | custom engagement rings | whiteflash free fedex worldwide shipping visit our houston showroom visit our store sign in wish list my cart aud cad eur gbp hkd nzd sgd usd usd 877-612-6770 live chat diamonds diamonds search natural diamonds round cushion radiant asscher princess oval emerald pear diamond pair search request a diamond search lab diamonds round cushion radiant asscher princess oval emerald pear lab diamond pair search a cut above® diamonds a cut above® hearts and arrows a cut above® collection series a cut above® specifications precision lab diamonds precision lab created diamonds a complete guide to lab grown diamonds engagement rings engagement rings engagement ring search solitaire engagement rings halo engagement rings pave engagement rings 3 stone engagement rings wedding sets custom engagement rings platinum engagement rings white gold engagement rings yellow gold engagement rings rose gold engagement rings browse all engagement rings designer engagement rings simon g. а. jaffe ritani verragio tacori vatche valoria danhov benchmark browse all designer collections wedding rings wedding rings wedding ring search diamond wedding rings classic wedding rings eternity wedding rings women's wedding rings men's wedding rings browse all wedding rings designer wedding rings simon g. wedding rings a. jaffe wedding rings ritani wedding rings verragio wedding rings tacori wedding rings vatche wedding rings valoria danhov wedding rings benchmark wedding rings browse all designer collections jewelry jewelry diamond earrings diamond studs diamond drops diamond hoops diamond halos diamond pendants diamond pendants diamond necklaces diamond bracelets diamond bracelets diamond bangles education education the diamond 4 c's diamond cut diamond cut (shape) round princess cushion oval radiant emerald asscher pear heart marquise diamond carat 0.5 carat diamonds 3/4 carat diamonds 1 carat diamonds 1.5 carat diamonds 2 carat diamonds 2.5 carat diamonds 3 carat diamonds 4 carat diamonds 5 carat diamonds 10 carat diamonds diamond color d color diamonds e color diamonds f color diamonds g color diamonds h color diamonds i color diamonds j color diamonds k color diamonds diamond clarity fl diamonds if diamonds vvs1 diamonds vvs2 diamonds vs1 diamonds vs2 diamonds si1 diamonds si2 diamonds i1 diamonds diamond certification gia igi ags egl gcal diamond glossary diamond analytics aset ideal scope hearts and arrows holloway cut advisor (hca) sarine report diamond imaging guide to vvs diamonds education center diamond education jewelry education gems and gemology infographics whiteflash blog whiteflash policies diamond buying guide why whiteflash why whiteflash whiteflash benefits free shipping worldwide life time trade up one year service plan money back guarantee customer loyalty program ultimate care plan the whiteflash guarantee about whiteflash social responsibility iso 9000 certified bbb winner of distinction fully vetted in-stock diamonds customer testimonials core values engagement ring financing faq reviews contact call chat email sign in search natural diamonds round princess cushion oval radiant emerald asscher pear heart marquise diamond pair search request a diamond search lab diamonds round princess cushion oval radiant emerald asscher pear heart marquise lab diamond pair search request a lab diamond a cut above® diamonds a cut above® hearts and arrows a cut above® collection series a cut above® specifications precision lab diamonds precision lab created diamonds a complete guide to lab grown diamonds engagement ring search solitaire engagement rings halo engagement rings pave engagement rings 3 stone engagement rings wedding sets custom engagement rings designer engagement rings simon g. а. jaffe ritani verragio tacori vatche valoria danhov benchmark engagement rings education the right way to maintain a ring’s beauty engagement ring care how to select the perfect engagement ring diamond setting guide find my ring size platinum vs. white gold jewelry manufacturing wedding ring search diamond wedding rings classic wedding rings eternity wedding rings women's wedding rings men's wedding rings browse all wedding rings designer wedding rings simon g. wedding rings a. jaffe wedding rings ritani wedding rings verragio wedding rings tacori wedding rings vatche wedding rings valoria wedding rings danhov wedding rings benchmark wedding rings the finest wedding rings in houston whether you live in texas or are simply looking for the very best customer service experience around, you’ll find help, support and the finest selection of designer wedding rings in houston at whiteflash. visit our showroom page diamond earrings diamond studs diamond hoops diamond drops diamond halos diamond pendants diamond pendants diamond necklaces lab grown diamond jewelry diamond bracelets diamond bracelets diamond bangles anniversary rings right hand rings men's jewelry gemstones and pearls designer jewelry collections we feature the finest designer jewelry brands including tacori and simon g. in addition, we offer whiteflash original designs and custom designed jewelry created in our state-of-the-art workshop. simon g jewelry tacori jewelry the diamond 4 c's diamond cut round princess cushion oval radiant emerald asscher pear heart marquise diamond cut (shape) 0.5 carat diamonds 3/4 carat diamonds 1 carat diamonds 1.5 carat diamonds 2 carat diamonds 2.5 carat diamonds 3 carat diamonds 4 carat diamonds 5 carat diamonds 6 carat diamonds 7 carat diamonds 10 carat diamonds diamond carat d color diamonds e color diamonds f color diamonds g color diamonds h color diamonds i color diamonds j color diamonds k color diamonds diamond color fl diamonds if diamonds vvs1 diamonds vvs2 diamonds vs1 diamonds vs2 diamonds si1 diamonds si2 diamonds i1 diamonds diamond clarity gia igi ags egl gcal hrd diamond certification diamond glossary diamond analytics aset ideal scope heart and arrows holloway cut advisor (hca) sarine report diamond imaging guide to vvs diamonds education center diamond education jewelry education gems and gemology infographics whiteflash blog whiteflash policies diamond buying guide whiteflash benefits free shipping worldwide life time trade up one year service plan money back guarantee customer loyalty program ultimate care plan the whiteflash guarantee about whiteflash social responsibility iso 9000 certified bbb winner of distinction fully vetted in-stock diamonds customer testimonials core values engagement ring financing the whiteflash store welcome to the whiteflash store! we have created a very special venue for our clients living in or visiting the houston area to come see our products and meet our friendly and knowledgeable staff. our store is open weekdays from 10am-5pm. sign in call chat email home > engagement rings > custom design whiteflash custom jewelry and engagement ring design our team of highly skilled and experienced craftsman are ready to take your ideas from concept to dazzling finished product.  it is a process that gives you a high level of creative control in bringing your vision to life. the end result is a top quality jewelry piece that is as intimately personal as it is beautiful. the work is performed by talented jewelers working to the highest standards of quality, and most projects are completed in approximately four weeks. if you are interested in exploring a custom design project and obtaining a free quote, please fill out the short form below so that one of our friendly and knowledgeable diamond and jewelry consultants can contact you. please supply any information you would like to help us understand your vision. there is also a button to upload any photos or drawings that would be helpful in communicating the design elements that are important to you. *please note that the whiteflash custom design service is reserved for customers purchasing whiteflash diamonds. custom design request first name* last name* email address* phone number best time to call? how did you hear about us? previous purchase google beyond4cs pricescope, inc. reviews referral reddit duckduckgo tiktok chatgpt gemini bing yahoo other search engine kiplinger's chron.com stonealgo your diamond teacher your diamond guru my top 10 diamond websites petra gems diamdb credit donkey my engagement ring experience diamantring kaufen worauf achten lab diamonds review international gem society (igs) diamonds peace army jewelry shopping guide prosumer diamonds ringspo odba my diamond guide laurdiy learning jewelry pinterest instagram your diamond guide facebook twitter email press release flickr blog verragio designs simon g designs tacori designs ritani designs danhov designs purseblog vatche designs yelp bbb benchmark diamondreview.com other unknown upload images please provide a description of your project submit custom design services design the engagement ring of your dreams our custom design and manufacturing service is provided for customers looking for something unique and different. before deciding on going the custom route, we strongly advise customers to browse through our catalogue of fine designer brands. you may find that what you are looking for is readily available, or you may find something you like even better than what you originally had in mind! many styles offered by each designer may not be in the whiteflash catalogue but are available. if you visit the designer's website and find something you like, let us know. all designs offered by these fine companies are available through whiteflash and we will be happy to get you a quote. the designers will also do some customizations in order to tailor the piece to individual preferences. you may also like to browse the whiteflash design gallery to see our extensive portfolio of custom projects done for customers over the years. the gallery is organized by jewelry type. you can click on the images within each type to see more details of the project. you may find it helpful to reference these listings in communicating your design ideas to us. *please note that whiteflash does not engage in the practice of copying designs that belong to other designers. duplication of copyright designs is both unethical and illegal. you should use caution doing business with any jeweler who offers to copy another designer's intellectual property as it is a red flag that the jeweler may be involved in other unethical practices regarding the quality and authenticity of the products or services they offer. recent custom designs custom design process unique and personal choosing to do a custom jewelry design project is an exciting and rewarding endeavor. whether you choose to do something completely unique or simply put together classic design elements in your own way, a custom-made jewelry piece is very personal and special. evaluation and quotation whiteflash offers an outstanding custom jewelry design service specializing in engagement rings and wedding sets that is reserved for certified diamonds purchased from whiteflash. because of certain limitations, we are not able to take on all custom design requests. your request will be evaluated by our production team, and if approved, a firm quote will be provided along with a cad rendering within 48 hours. confirmation and payment there is no charge to have our team evaluate your project and provide you with a firm quote and cad. upon your acceptance of the quote, an order confirmation will be sent to you. full payment is required to begin production. any certified diamond or other feature gemstone going into the custom piece is also required to be paid in full for work to begin. refund policy and production timetable if for any reason you decide not to move ahead based on quote and cad, there will be no cost to you. once payment is received the piece proceeds to our state-of-the-art production facility to be manufactured. at this point your custom project is non-refundable. production time is approximately four weeks following receipt of payment. creative photography and secure delivery upon completion of your project our photography team will capture beautiful creative digital images of your special creation. these images are a joy to share with family and friends or post to sites like facebook and pinterest. once photography is done and the piece has been put through the final steps of quality control, it will be shipped to you via insured fedex delivery. our logistics department will communicate with you to coordinate secure shipping. design gallery for custom jewelry design ideas you can visit our design gallery. and to hear what whiteflash customers have to say about their special pieces, please read our customer reviews. please feel free to give us a call at 877-612-6770 if you have any further questions or if you would like a free quote. be inspired by our designer engagement rings find the perfect designer ring for your special diamond by clicking the links below, and let us build the ultimate ring for the love of your life! as featured in as featured in follow us contact us chat now info@whiteflash.com 2150 town square place #330, sugar land, tx 77479 toll free: 1-877-612-6770 • outside usa: 1-832-252-6770 sign up for our newsletter go “winner of the better business bureau’s top honor – the bbb 2024 winner of distinction!” sitemap © 2000 - 2025 whiteflash inc. privacy policy my cart my diamonds my jewelry my diamond pairs last visited products my cart my diamonds my jewelry my diamond pairs find diamonds find jewelry go to my cart continue shopping proceed to checkout find diamonds find jewelry compare remove all find more diamonds compare remove all find more jewelry compare remove all find more diamonds what would you like to do? buy this diamond without setting – you can still add the diamond to a setting later if you decide to do so. buy this diamond with setting. search from our selection of diamond settings to find your perfect ring. what would you like to do? buy this diamond pair without setting – you can still add the diamond pair to a setting later if you decide to do so. buy this diamond pair with earrings. search our selection for studs and earrings to find the perfect match for your diamonds. what would you like to do? buy this diamond pair without setting – you can still add the diamond pair to a setting later if you decide to do so. buy this diamond pair with earrings. search our selection for studs and earrings to find the perfect match for your diamonds. what would you like to do? buy setting now without diamond. you can add a diamond to this setting later. buy diamond with this setting. choose from our selection of loose diamonds to create your ideal engagement ring. what would you like to do? buy earrings now without diamond. you can add a diamond to these earrings later. buy these earrings with our diamonds. choose from our selection of loose diamonds to create your gorgeous earrings. engrave the ring 1. select a font: block italic script 2. enter your text: characters remaining: 3. preview (approximate): engraving tips save ultimate care plans