来源URL: https://web.archive.org/web/20111229181614/http://www.bodycandy.com/blog
================================================================================

bodycandy body jewelry blog dec 31 new years eve: outrageous fashion fit for a party by lorna · comments (0) it’s new years eve, and whether it’s out on the streets or in the club, anything goes.  we’re saying bon voyage to the 2011 year with a fashion tribute to all of the outrageous style that this night of the year promises.  so without further ado, here are some of the coolest and craziest things that you might just catch a glimpse of as we usher in 2012. rainbow rink street-smart skater meets rowdy rainbow punk in this fun mish-mosh of holiday style.  how you’ll know it when you see it?  traditional skate brands will be intermingled with grunge styling, unisex accessories, and vibrant color.  the ultimate tip off: skater t-shirt plus cocktail wear topped off with rainbow coloring and unisex shoes. kiddie chic awkwardly childish accessories and motifs come together with sporty style for an interesting new look.  how you’ll know it when you see it?  cartoons or disney brands will be paired with athletic wear and child-like hair styling.  the ultimate tip off: varsity jacket plus kid’s hair accessory with stylized sneakers and tattered tights. beach bomb unseasonable beachy attire pairs with gently retro bombshell styling for something deliciously katy perry.  how you’ll know it when you see it?  boustiers and bikini separates will be mixed with neo-retro accessories and decidedly summery motifs.  the ultimate tip off: bikini top plus retro hairstyle with a spicy old hollywood cover up and beach worthy accessories. what will you be rocking this new years eve? categories : body jewelry information, ear piercings, facial piercings, holiday jewelry, jewelry fashion, party jewelry comments (0) dec 30 new year, new you: choosing a new piercing for 2012 – part 2 by lorna · comments (0) if you’ve been mulling it over, now is definitely the time to start fresh by changing your look with that piercing that you’ve been pining over, and to drive this 2012 fashion decision home, we’re here to help with a brief overview of some popular piercings and the data that you’ll need to make an informed decision.  let’s continue. if you’ve been thinking about a bridge piercing: the bridge piercing is great for those who are looking for a fresher alternative to eyebrow or standard nose piercings. tid bit: this piercing will naturally draw attention to your eyes, so if you’re looking to show off beautiful baby blues, browns, or greens, this one’s just the ticket. what you should know: the bridge is technically a surface piercing, although much of the time it’s done using a flexible bioplast barbell rather than a surface bar.  as a surface piercing, there’s slightly higher risk of rejection, but if properly cared for, initial healing should take about 12 weeks.  using makeup around a new bridge piercing is not recommended as it may cause infection. pros: if you’re worried about pain, the bridge piercing is nice, because due to its placement, there’s minimal risk of swiping, jostling, catching, or otherwise bumping the jewelry during healing. hold off if: you prefer glasses to contacts.  for those who need vision correction and prefer a pair of glasses, the placement of this piercing creates a less than comfortable situation.  it’s best to trade in your specs for a set of softies for at least the first month. if you’re thinking about a tongue web piercing: tongue web piercing, also called a marley, is like a neat little secret that no one will know, and when you do show it off it’s definitely a conversation starter. tid bit: the “tongue web”, or frenulum linguae, is the part of our oral anatomy that allows humans to speak.  for this reason, some spiritualists believe that piercing it will cause the wearer to think more about what they say and aid them in self expression. what you should know: tongue web piercings carry a higher risk of rejection than standard tongue piercings, but aftercare includes the same components (rinses with salt water or special mouthwash), and healing time is relatively quick at about four to six weeks.  horseshoes, captive rings, and curved barbells can all be worn in a tongue web piercing. pros: the marley is literally completely hidden, so if you like piercings but aren’t allowed to have them visible at work, it’s the perfect option. hold off if: you’re a smoker.  smoking significantly raises the risk of infection for this type of piercing, so it’s recommended to use electronic cigarettes for the first few weeks after getting one because they deliver nicotine through harmless vapor instead. stay tuned for more informational overviews of popular piercings that you might just take the plunge for in 2012.  bye for now! categories : body art and extreme modification, body jewelry information, facial piercings, new year new you, nose piercings, oral piercings, piercing and aftercare information, series, surface piercings, unisex jewelry comments (0) dec 29 going gaga for color: how to beat the winter blues by lorna · comments (0) sparkling clean white is the new holiday mainstay, tangerine is the new cocktail party black, but what about those normal days when you’re just rockin it casual? you know, the other three hundred or so days of the year?  well to beat the winter fashion blues, there’s one way to be sure that every time you step out, you’re stepping out in style.  color. winter is no longer reserved for quieted pastels and lackluster deep neutrals.  the new style for a cold climate is upbeat, fun, and riddled with vibrant hues.  just ask one of our favorite superstars, lady gaga.  one of the greatest things about gaga, aside from her awesome sound and ridiculously cool stage shows, is her year-round exploitation of the bright and brilliant colors that make summer sweet and winter hot. looks from lady gaga (source: wgsn) for some of us, our hair or eyelids are a canvas, and anything (and i mean anything) goes, but the rest of the population might be looking for a slightly less permanent or time consuming solution to dousing the color blahs.  for daily wear, one of the easiest ways to spice up any frosty outfit is of course with your accessories, and concerning jewelry in particular this season, brights and neons are a hot ticket.  plus, the best part about coloring your world with the extras is that there’s no confusing coordination required.  just pick one or two power pigments that work well together, and you’re out the door. some of gaga’s most notable stand alone hues that can be embraced into everyone’s cold weather wardrobe? fuschia purple, honeysuckle pink, electric blue, canary yellow, and brilliant mint green. categories : body jewelry information, celebrity piercing, ear piercings, facial piercings, jewelry fashion, steal the style comments (0) dec 28 coolest piercings you may have never heard of: the ragnar by lorna · comments (0) the ragnar piercing, also called a “deep snug,” is a modification of traditional snug piercing.  this is a piercing of the ear cartilage at about the point where the lobe blends into the helix, but unlike a regular snug piercing, the ragnar extends from the traditional snug point and goes through the cartilage of the helix (the ear’s outer rim) coming out the other side.  as a horizontal piercing, this makes it appear as though there is one ball at the inside ear rim and another resting on its outside edge. although modifications like the ragnar may have existed prior to its naming and exposure, the first formal photography of a deep snug piercing labeled with the name “ragnar” was published around 2002.  the piercing was shown on a man named thure ragnar stedt, whom it was undoubtedly named for. because a ragnar piercing passes through such a large amount of cartilage at one of the crucial structural points in the ear, it often takes several months to heal completely and must be looked after carefully to avoid the perils of infection.  some of the suggestions for aftercare when healing this piercing include not sleeping on your pierced side, sea salt soaks, and the avoidance of hair products for at least twelve weeks.  the jewelry most fitting for a ragnar is a barbell made of movable biocompatible material like bioplast or bioflex, because they are hypoallergenic and apply less pressure to the curvature of the ear than heavier solid materials. if you haven’t heard of the ragnar, it’s probably because of its rarity.  although ragnar piercings have been around for about a decade, very few professional piercers can say they’ve performed more than one or two.  almost everyone who sees one agrees though, that they love how interesting and different a ragnar looks, which probably makes it one of the coolest piercings you may have never heard of. categories : body art and extreme modification, body jewelry information, coolest piercings you may have never heard of, ear piercings, piercing and aftercare information, series, unisex jewelry comments (0) dec 27 new year, new you: choosing a new piercing for 2012 – part 1 by lorna · comments (0) it’s the end of the calendar year again, and like usual all of us are taking a look in the mirror and thinking, i really wanted to do that last year, but i didn’t.  so of course we’ve made a vow that this year will be different, starting right here and now with something that we wanted all year but didn’t have the time, capital, or guts to get: a new piercing. if you’ve been mulling it over, now is definitely the time to start fresh by changing your look with that piercing that you’ve been pining over, and to drive this 2012 fashion decision home, we’re here to help with a brief overview of some popular piercings and the data that you’ll need to make an informed decision.  here we go. if you’ve been thinking about a septum piercing: the septum piercing is on point, it’s versatile, and it looks good on most faces because it draws attention to the lips. tid bit: a septum piercing may also boost your confidence for speaking in public, because most people you talk to will naturally focus on your mouth, causing them to subconsciously pay better attention to what you’re saying. what you should know: this piercing is pretty straightforward.  like most other nose piercings, it will hurt for a quick second, and cause your eyes to tear up as a reflex to your sinuses being pinched.  initial healing time is usually about six to twelve weeks, and salt water cleanings are the most commonly recommended form of aftercare. pros: if you prefer to heal your piercing inconspicuously, most piercers can pierce the septum with a retainer that you can flip up inside the nostrils on each side; for the most part noone will even be able to tell that it’s there. hold off if: you’re allergic to dust.  the winter months are prime time for dust allergies because all of our windows are closed and we’re spending most of our time inside, so if you’re allergic to dust but experience minimal warm weather pollen symptoms, hold off until after spring cleaning.  while it isn’t a deal breaker, having to continually blow and rub your nose will be uncomfortable with a new septum piercing and may extend healing time. if you’ve been thinking about a vertical labret: vertical labrets are finally coming into their own; they’re aesthetically pleasing, interesting, and don’t carry the same issues as a lip piercing that rests inside the mouth. tid bit: piercings that pass through the tissue of the actual lip are rumored to have begun as an accident, when inexperienced piercers botched the needle angle of standard lip piercings.  but what an accident! what you should know: because a vertical labret doesn’t have one end inside the mouth, aftercare will be slightly less involved and there won’t be any risk to the gums.  however, do the nature of constant jostling from speech and the fragility of the lip tissue, there’s higher risk of scarring or rejection with this piercing, so extra care must be taken, particularly when eating certain foods.  healing generally takes anywhere from eight weeks to a few months, and aftercare make consist of salt rinses, and less commonly cleanses with gentle soap. pros: unlike most others in the oral piercing family, speech is effected very minimally by a vertical labret, so if you have a job that requires a lot of talking and interaction, this one might be for you. hold off if: you have exceptionally dry lips.  during winter, dry lips can be a problem, and though salt soaks do help, for dryer lips it’s best to wait until the warm season when our bodies are naturally better hydrated.  one thing you can’t do with a piercing of the lip tissue: wear chapstick. stay tuned for more informational overviews of popular piercings that you might just take the plunge for in 2012.  bye for now! categories : body jewelry information, facial piercings, labret and monroe piercings, multi functional body jewelry, new year new you, nose piercings, piercing and aftercare information, septum piercings, series, unisex jewelry comments (0) dec 26 alternative beauty: lip piercing color coordination by lorna · comments (0) a lip piercing, especially worn with an on-trend hoop, draws a lot of attention to your pretty pout.  but when people have a looksie at your luscious lips, is your color combo of choice going to fall flat?  never fear; we’ve got the solution to lip jewelry color woes right here: if you like to light up a room in retro red, black is the lip jewelry color of choice.  this combination of vibrant red and neutral, unobtrusive black holds attention because of contrast while maintaining a classic sophistication that perfectly compliments your retro look.  just be sure to offset your stunning lip color with the right texture hoop.  (if you wear matte lipstick, go for shining titanium jewelry, and if you go for glossy lips, keep jewelry matte or subdued, rather than blingy.) for natural girls who love to lace their lips with nude shades, solid stainless steel is the ticket.  just take a look at our neutral lipped models.  the current trend in peachy nude tones is a glossy lip, but in this case a shiny finish on your jewelry will compliment, rather than overpower.  gems can work too, and for this particular look, dark jewel tones are best.  just don’t forget to smile. and last but not least, for those who prefer pastoral swaths of inky pink on their pouts, your surefire shot at attention grabbing greatness is contrasting white.  shades of powder and cream keep your rosy lips feminine and hint at a little wild streak, especially when paired with black clothing or accessories. talk about lip service. categories : bcrs, body jewelry information, facial piercings, jewelry fashion, labret and monroe piercings, multi functional body jewelry, party jewelry, steal the style comments (0) dec 24 the science of color: what your jewelry choices say about you by lorna · comments (0) we’ve all heard about what color can do; how bright and warm tones impart energy and vigor, or cool soft hues can assist with relaxation.  so when you’re known to choose certain colors, it can say a lot about your personality and outlook.  just take a look at what these colors could be saying about you. if you like blue: it’s no surprise that in surveys blue is consistently found to have the highest percentage of persons claiming it as a favorite color.  those who choose blue tend to have a calm, even keel and be dependable and easy to trust.  also, lovers of lighter and brighter blues will generally have a dynamic personality and be innovative in most facets of life. if you like green: as “favorite color” status goes, green comes in just under blue for both men and women, and is usually depicted by those who favor it in warmer, more vivid hues.  green lovers tend be very zen; people who are intelligent, with harmonious energy, and who are in touch with both themselves and the natural world around them.  green people may be more likely to volunteer, participate in outdoor activities, and maintain a more natural approach to beauty. if you like purple: purple is far more commonly favored amongst women than men, which lends itself well to the phrase “women’s intuition.”  those who choose purple are generally very intuitive and creative, with open minds and a trusting nature.  this color is common amongst those who maintain a level of spirituality in their lives and also those who are interested in physics, astrology, or the general nature of the universe. if you like red: this color tends to be favored by men more than twice as much as it is by women.  people who like red are described as energetic, confident, and passionate.  they are known to be well spoken and courageous with their open expression of ideas and opinions, and are usually extroverts who feel at home receiving attention. if you like orange: orange is the only color that almost one hundred percent of people either love or hate; almost nobody feels neutral towards this vibrant hue.  people who enjoy orange are very energetic, quick thinking, and social.  they often take the opportunity to try new things and are generally very thoughtful, and may make friends easily. if you like pink: lovers of this multi-tasking hue are normally soft spoken and maybe even a little shy, but they’re always willing to listen, and are truly romantic at heart.  it’s no surprise that pink is favored almost entirely by females, but anyone who enjoys this color will have an optimistic outlook and be pleased with most aspects of their life.  as a combination of red and white, pink is often credited with giving those who embrace it both the ability to dream big, and the tools to achieve those dreams. if you like yellow: the color yellow is favored by persons with high iqs, and those who are very level-headed and clear thinking.  yellow lovers have good memory and concentration skills, and are generally optimistic and confident in their decisions.  they may also be a little bit bubbly at times, but the calm and wise qualities about them tend to keep their sunny personalities from becoming overblown.  yellow is also the only color that can normally be seen in some respect even by persons who are legally blind. if you like black: black is associated with power, and those who can truly claim it as a favorite color will normally have a demanding presence.  they are often versatile, good at most things they try, and chameleons when it comes to appearance and beauty.  black lovers are apt to achieve high status in life, whether it’s through fame and fortune, or the simple accomplishment of things they apply themselves to.  black also invokes an air of mystery, and those who wear it often may be considered introspective or always appear to be holding onto an amazing wildcard. categories : body jewelry fans, body jewelry information, jewelry fashion, party jewelry, steal the style, unisex jewelry comments (0) dec 23 celebrating the solstice: world traditions and modern festivities by lorna · comments (0) yesterday, december 22nd, was the winter solstice.  the solstices, which happen twice each year in summer and winter, are days that mark a seasonal change in the length of daylight hours.  the winter solstice, also referred to as midwinter or alban arthan (“light of winter”), marks the longest night of the year, and from that day moving forward towards spring the days will slowly become longer. although it falls within the month of december, the winter solstice is celebrated by many pagan, celtic, neo-spiritualist, and east asian religions as a holiday of rebirth and renewal, signifying the coming spring and the return of light and abundance.  it is also celebrated at different times throughout the month, with several festivals occurring closer to new years eve.  for many ancient religions, this meant celebratory gatherings or festivals at which group rituals were often held.  as with other important seasonally and astrologically influenced holidays, this often included ritual piercing or modification of the body in other ways. today one of the most common themes in many solstice celebrations is paying worship or homage to the sun, including any gods or goddesses associated with it.  in modern celebrations, just as in centuries past, observances generally include the drinking of beer or mead, the use of oranges for food and decoration, exchanging of gifts, feasts involving candy and game birds, the wearing of flowers and sun emblems, and alternatively getting pierced or tattooed amongst groups of friends and doing yoga or performing prayers outdoors at sunrise. for a modern midwinter celebration, getting piercings or tattoos with friends has become fairly popular, especially since this is the time of year when many people who live in colder climates get cabin fever.  the event can even be turned into a party, where cookies, candy, and gift exchanging occur.  just remember to have plenty of aftercare products on hand! categories : body art and extreme modification, body jewelry history, body jewelry information, holiday jewelry, jewelry fashion, steal the style, unisex jewelry comments (0) dec 22 coolest piercings you may have never heard of: the ashley by lorna · comments (0) the ashley piercing, also often called by it’s more technical name, “inverse vertical labret,” is a modern lip piercing in which one end rests inside the mouth (normally in the area where a standard labret would fall) and the other end is visible in the center of the bottom lip.  although there are variations of this piercing done in pairs or to the side of the lip, unlike most others of its kind, all of them are generally referred to by the same name. there is little information directly available concerning how the ashley piercing got it’s name, but it is suspected that as with many other contemporary piercings it came from either the piercer who invented it, or the first person to successfully wear it.  and although it is similar to both a vertical labret and a jestrum (named for the first woman to be seen with it, jesika bornsen), the ashley has not been around as long as either of these piercings, and is likely an inventive modification of traditional vertical labrets. as with other piercings that pass through the tissues of the lip itself, many professional piercers who are familiar with this type of piercing recommend the use of a curved barbell to lessen the risks of migration and rejection.  healing time is usually longer for an ashley as well, averaging anywhere from three to twelve months, due to the fact that it’s placed in an area of the lip more prone to irritation and jostling from movement.  normally ashley jewelry is purchased or modified by its wearers to have a flat disc or dome instead of an actual ball on the inside of the lip, and is done in either a 14 or 16 gauge. if you haven’t heard of the ashley, it’s probably because of it’s age!  this piercing is still in the stages of being perfected and standardized, so much so that many piercers who have been practicing for years have never even performed one.  it’s new, it’s interesting, it’s pretty to look at; it’s definitely one of the coolest piercings you may have never heard of. categories : body jewelry information, coolest piercings you may have never heard of, facial piercings, labret and monroe piercings, piercing and aftercare information, series, surface piercings comments (0) dec 21 2011 year in review: the 5 best piercing and jewelry trends by lorna · comments (0) #5.  hoop-la a staple that we all know and love from the 90′s, the hoop made a huge comeback this year.  in every piercing possible, in every color of the rainbow, hoop style body jewelry is absolutely everywhere.  from nose hoops, to ball captive rings, some of the piercings that gave serious love to the hoop in 2011 include: septum, lip, eyebrow, belly, tongue web, oral tissue piercings, ear piercings of the lobes and cartilage, and even tongue piercings and surface piercings. #4.  oh-versized from the cocktail ring to the statement necklace, the chandelier earring, and even the belly ring, super-sizing wasn’t just for mickey d’s this year.  multiple finger rings, chunky cuffs, out of this world necklaces, and uber belly bling defined the 2011 year in fashion both on and off the runway. #3.  new-tral from fleshy tones to basic black, neutral hues dominated the scene in 2011.  they’re classic, have an element of softness, and allow texture to take center stage.  matte taupe earrings paired with a shining black titanium lip ring?  yes, please! #2.  mul-tie colored multicolored and multi-tonal styling has been a big fashion flash fire this year, but while ombre and rainbow are amazing and fun, nothing colored our 2011 like tie dye.  it translates from retro to modern; it can be soft and flower child, or bright, brilliant and urban.  and let’s not forget that bright multi-hued jewelry and accessories are continuing to build a trans-genre following into 2012. #1.  diy new and interesting ways to wear jewelry were seen in 2011 more than ever.  from necklaces used as headpieces, to creating new looks by layering cocktail rings, or wearing spiraled or custom bent jewelry wound through multiple, strategically placed piercings.  unique and fashion forward do-it-yourself styling found it’s niche this year, and it promises to become one of the hottest looks in years to come. (source: wgsn) so if you’re looking to create one of the hottest fashion trends of 2012, just keep doing what you’re doing! categories : belly piercings, body jewelry information, ear piercings, facial piercings, jewelry fashion, nose piercings, unisex jewelry comments (0) next page » archives december 2011 (27) november 2011 (26) october 2011 (26) september 2011 (26) august 2011 (27) july 2011 (25) june 2011 (26) may 2011 (24) april 2011 (23) march 2011 (20) february 2011 (8) january 2011 (6) december 2010 (4) november 2010 (9) october 2010 (6) september 2010 (6) august 2010 (9) july 2010 (7) find bodycandy on what’s hot bodycandy body jewelry blog copyright © 2012 all rights reserved flexx theme by ithemespowered by wordpress