来源URL: https://web.archive.org/web/20121223195014/http://www.bodycandy.com/blog
================================================================================

bodycandy body jewelry blog jan 25 body jewelry materials: bioplast benefits and making the switch by lorna · comments (0) so what exactly is bioplast?  bioplast is a material that’s commonly used for making all kinds of body jewelry.  it’s non-metallic, can be either colored or clear, and is flexible and easy to maneuver.  but what makes it a good choice? well, first of all, bioplast is “biocompatible.” this simply means that it’s been tested and approved as a substance that’s capable of coexisting with the tissue of a living organism.  unlike some other materials, bioplast won’t be interpreted by the body as what it truly is: a piece of foreign material that’s not part of the skin.  also, because bioplast isn’t rigid or fixed like metals and other materials, it puts less pressure on the skin when you move.  this makes it a great candidate for any piercing that sees a lot of movement, and along with tygon and ptfe, it’s even sometimes worn in surface style piercings. the other great thing about bioplast jewelry is that it’s hypoallergenic. two of the most common culprits of body jewelry allergy are lead and nickel, and since bioplast is non-metallic, it doesn’t contain either of these allergens.  plus, due to its flexibility, bioplast also reduces the risk of chronic swelling and infection, particularly in new piercings.  this allows for faster healing, and because it’ available clear, it can also be virtually unnoticeable. last but not least, both straight and curved barbell shafts made of bioplast can be sterilized by autoclave up to 121 degrees centigrade (that’s about 250 degrees fahrenheit, which is over thirty degrees higher than the boiling point of water).  so who can benefit from bioplast?  just about anyone who makes the switch.  ready to go non-metallic? categories : body jewelry materials comments (0) jan 24 body jewelry pick of the day: boosting your belly laugh by lorna · comments (0) today is belly laugh day, and with the winter starting to melt away, we’re raring to go with a host of handsome decorations that’ll make that belly laugh fashionable and healthy.  medical experts agree that laughter, which can aid in the release of the feel-good hormone dopamine, is good for your health and helps to balance stress.  so what better way to ensure that laugh is sincere than by piling on some cheerful bling for an instant mood boost?  some of our favorites: these hot neon-hued offerings. categories : pick of the day comments (0) jan 24 style video: sexy belly rings for every valentine’s girl by lorna · comments (0) do you hate valentine’s day?  sick of hearing about how everyone is in “love?”  well maybe we can turn that lovelorn frown joyfully upside down, with a sparkly set of gifts that are sure to catch your fancy. just watch as our humbugging pinup friend jojo gets a lesson in heart-worthy belly bling from the valentine girl.  custom candy convo hearts, shimmering crystal elements, and lots of flirty fashion abound, with plenty of picks that are sure to be perfect for your crush, bff, or as your own guilt-free holiday treat.  so what do you say?  will you be our valentine? categories : jewelry fashion comments (0) jan 23 quick take: choosing a nose hoop by lorna · comments (0) if you’re in the market for a new nose ring and are thinking of making the switch from stud to hoop, there’s a few things you’ll want to consider while browsing. first, you’ll need to know what gauge size your nose piercing is.  the gauge is the thickness of the jewelry that goes into the piercing, and since there are two commonly used sizes, obtaining this knowledge is a must for a proper fit.  the two most common sizes are an 18 gauge (1 millimeter in diameter) and a 20 gauge (.8 millimeters).  it may not seem like very much of a contrast, but trust us, it definitely makes a difference. once you’re sure which size you’ll need, then it’s time to think about the dimensions of the hoop itself.  most standard nose hoops (jewelry that’s specifically made for the nose) come in either a 5/16″ diameter size (about 8mm) or a 3/8″ diameter size (about 10mm). if you know that you need a larger hoop because of piercing placement or nasal anatomy, a piece of universal circular jewelry like a bcr is always a good bet instead, because half inch sizes are easier to come by. and finally, for those who aren’t sure at all what size hoop they need, you always have the option of purchasing a fishtail.  a fishtail nose ring is an extra long straight piece made in the proper gauge size, and you take it your piercer to be custom fit.  this means that the piercer will bend the straight nose ring into a hoop for you, ensuring that you get the exact size you want and need. okay! now that you’re locked and loaded with the right amount of knowledge, it’s time… to shop! categories : body jewelry information comments (0) jan 21 iconic: sharing the dream by lorna · comments (0) perhaps it’s fitting that today, as our first african american president delivers the inaugural oath that will usher in his second term, we also celebrate martin luther king day.  here, we take a look back at the famous words that began a moving american legacy. i have a , that one day this nation will rise up and live out the true meaning of its creed: “we hold these truths to be self-evident: that all men .” i have a dream that one day on the red hills of the sons of former slaves and the sons of former slave owners will be able to sit down at the table of brotherhood. i have a dream that my will one day live in a nation where they will not be judged by the of their skin but by the content of their character. this is our . with this faith we will be able to transform the jangling discords of our nation into a beautiful of brotherhood. ~martin luther king jr. categories : body jewelry history comments (0) jan 20 body jewelry update: listen to your heart by lorna · comments (0) we’ve all heard of  wearing your heart on your sleeve, but who says we’re always wearing sweaters just because it’s winter?  there’s other places to show off your love, including one of the cutest exposed areas whether rain or shine: the ears.  this way, not only is every outfit extra sweet, but the proximity makes it easier to listen to your heart.  get it?  “listen” to your “heart.”  haha.  did we mention it’s also a great way to keep your stretching on track through valentine’s day while also celebrating in style? categories : jewelry fashion comments (0) jan 18 modification around the world: belly piercings and cultural renewal by lorna · comments (0) the navel piercing is unique amongst modifications.  as a primarily modern piercing, first gaining popular momentum in the 1990s, it remains one of the only standard modifications to never be heavily practiced amongst the native peoples of any particular nation.  but the belly button ring has forged for itself a distinctly cultural purpose in the new millennium, as a noted accompaniment to eastern dance. belly dance, as is the popular western term, is a combination of several traditional asian and middle eastern dance styles repurposed and modified for wider practice.  first popularized in the west during the victorian era, this type of dance has grown to include navel adornment as an important costuming feature, particularly amongst practitioners in the us and uk.  the most popular of these of course, is the belly button piercing. as body modification in general continues to rise in the western world, so too do the social and cultural connotations adherent to particular forms of that body art, and just as nose piercing has grown to be forever connected with indian culture and ayurveda, navel piercing has begun to interlace itself socially with the imagined exoticism of the middle east, egypt, and asia.  beginning in the late 1800s, belly dancers from across the globe carved out a niche performing at symposiums and world’s fairs.  their style of dance was decidedly foreign and mysterious to the american public, and drew followers almost immediately. in today’s society over one hundred years later, bare bellies, piercings, and alternative dance are a cultural norm, so it’s easy to forget about all of the less superficial reasons for modifying the human belly.  while navel piercings are sure to continue their partnership with the sometimes media-driven aesthetic of modern beauty, it’s certainly worth noting that amongst their virtues we can now count the drive to explore our deeper cultural roots.  it’s enough to make you wanna dance. categories : belly piercings, modification around the world comments (0) jan 17 iconic: all about the benjamins by lorna · comments (0) today is benjamin franklin’s birthday, and we’re paying fashion tribute to the only thing more iconic than our founding fathers: dough. moolha, greenbacks, cheddar; whatever you call it, we all work hard and strive for it every single day.  from sunup to sundown, and sometimes in between, we’re revving it up to make sure we reel it in.  but there is a way to look nouveau riche without breaking the bank.  it’s a little thing that we in the world of jewelry like to call “bling.” that’s right.  even if your bank roll is a doughnut, your necklace can be a dollar sign, and that’s why today is all about the benjamins (in more ways than one)! ready for a little fun?  can you name the corresponding famous mug for every denomination of paper u.s. currency?  just in case, we’ve banked an answer key below, but no peeking! answer key: $1 – george washington, $2 – thomas jefferson, $5 – abraham lincoln, $10 – alexander hamilton, $20 – andrew jackson, $50 – ulysses s. grant, $100 – benjamin franklin (of course!) now here comes the big money that most of us never see.  last issued in 1929 and standing to this day: $500 – william mckinley, $1,000 – grover cleveland, $5,000 – james madison, $10,000 – salmon p. chase, $100,000 – woodrow wilson. the $100,000 bill was issued only to banks and never circulated.  as far as the other large bills, both the five thousand and ten thousand dollar note are known to have just over 300 each left in existence. categories : body jewelry history, jewelry fashion comments (0) jan 16 piercing fashion flash: tainted love by lorna · comments (0) there’s plenty of pink and passionate red to go around leading up to valentine’s day, but what about the rest of us who aren’t so mainstream with our fairytale romances?  just because love’s a little dark, doesn’t mean flowers and hearts don’t fit in. for those who are gothic, alt or punk, the perfect compliment to leather and lace can be strategically placed bits of femme that fall south of cutesy and are in keeping with the color scheme.  wear it in your hair, on your skin, and in all your favorite piercings for a look that celebrates love of the darker variety. after all, your romance isn’t like everyone else’s, so why should your wardrobe be? categories : jewelry fashion comments (0) jan 15 quick take: choosing microdermal body jewelery by lorna · comments (0) if you or a friend have a microdermal anchor and you’re interested in changing out the visible portion of your jewelry, there’s a couple of things that you’ll want to know. first off, not all dermal tops are created equal.  there are a few different sizes that you’ll commonly run across, and knowing which one you need is the best way to proceed.  most dermal jewelry will be threaded for either a 14 or 16 gauge, and that means you must know which size your anchor is, because if you get the wrong one, it simply won’t fit. once you’ve got that covered, then you’ll want to decide how big of a gem or design you need.  availability of different size studs or gems can vary greatly, so here’s a little something to give you an idea: 2mm- the size of an average nose piercing stud, or about as wide as a u.s. quarter is thick. 3mm- the size of an average lip stud, or about as thick as the lens in an average pair of glasses. 4mm- the size of an average bcr ball, or about the width of a cd case. 5mm- the size of a belly ring’s top ball, or about the size of the numbers printed on a credit card. 6mm- the size of an average tongue ring ball, or about the width of your pinky fingernail. there.  now you can be confident that you’re getting exactly what you want when you shop for microdermal jewelry.  perfect! categories : jewelry sizing comments (0) next page » categories select category alternative and gothic fashion now  (9) bcrs  (8) belly piercings  (42) belts and buckles  (4) body art and extreme modification  (62) body jewelry history  (91) body jewelry information  (177) body jewelry materials  (26) body piercing interviews  (16) celebrity piercing  (12) christmas and hannukah jewelry  (11) coolest piercings you may have never heard of  (10) crash course  (14) custom jewelry  (15) ear piercings  (36) eyebrow piercings  (4) halloween jewelry  (24) holiday jewelry  (102) industrials  (4) jewelry fashion  (271) jewelry sizing  (17) labret and monroe piercings  (15) life in ink  (3) masters of modification  (5) men’s jewelry and fashion  (12) modification around the world  (12) mothers day and fathers day jewelry  (4) multi functional body jewelry  (33) necklaces and pendants  (11) new body jewelry  (40) nipple rings  (4) non-pierced body jewelry  (5) nose piercings  (15) oral piercings  (9) pick of the day  (4) piercing and aftercare information  (62) piercisms  (5) plugs and gauging  (19) rings  (15) rising stars of modern piercing  (14) saint patrick’s day jewelry  (4) steal the style  (22) surface piercings  (7) uncategorized  (1) unisex jewelry  (31) valentine’s day jewelry  (6) wedding jewelry  (5) zodiac and birthstones  (11) find bodycandy on archives select month january 2013  (25) december 2012  (26) november 2012  (29) october 2012  (28) september 2012  (25) august 2012  (28) july 2012  (26) june 2012  (26) may 2012  (28) april 2012  (25) march 2012  (31) february 2012  (24) january 2012  (25) december 2011  (27) november 2011  (26) october 2011  (26) september 2011  (26) august 2011  (27) july 2011  (25) june 2011  (26) may 2011  (24) april 2011  (23) march 2011  (20) february 2011  (8) january 2011  (6) december 2010  (4) november 2010  (9) october 2010  (6) september 2010  (6) august 2010  (9) july 2010  (7) what’s hotbridge piercing cosmic dermals double extreme body mod fashion lip music nape ocean piercing history plugs punk retro septum piercing sizing sports stretching super heros surface piercing tattoo art tribal piercing vampire bodycandy body jewelry blog copyright © 2013 all rights reserved flexx theme by ithemespowered by wordpress