来源URL: https://web.archive.org/web/20131214051819/http://www.bodycandy.com/blog
================================================================================

bodycandy body jewelry blog jan 21 body jewelry in depth: anatomy of a lip ring by lorna · comments (0) lip rings are a difficult subject to tackle, because so many different types of piercings can be worn in or around the lips, and a multitude of jewelry styles work there as well.  for our purposes here, we’ll just cover the basics, starting with the different types of lip ring. first we have the “labret/monroe ring,” or stud.  this is basically just a stud style piece of jewelry with a small decoration on one side, a post in the center, and a flat backing of some type on the other end.  the flat portion sits under the lip (inside the mouth), and the post rests inside the piercing itself, while the decorative portion is the only part that shows.  this type of jewelry is measured for length along the shaft, from the backing to the bottom of the embellishment. next there’s the circular, most often just referred to as a “lip ring” or “lip hoop.”  there are several different types of circular jewelry that can be worn in a lip piercing, including horseshoes, segment rings, bcrs, spiral barbells, and lippy loops.  each of these items will be measured for diameter rather then length, which is always the distance between the two inside edges at the widest part of the hoop. finally, we’ve got the last type of jewelry worn in the lip, the small curved barbell.  this type of jewelry generally only works with certain piercings, like the jestrum (vertical medusa), the vertical labret, or the ashley (inverse vertical labret).  this item will be measured for length like a stud, but instead of measuring along the curve of the barbell, you’ll be measuring the distance straight across from the bottom of one ball or decoration to the other. once you’ve got the length or diameter measurement for your lip jewelry, there’s a couple more things that you’ll need to get a good fit.  first, you’ll want to know the gauge, or thickness of the item, as lip piercings can be done in more than one standard size.  most commonly a labret, monroe, or medusa will be pierced with either a 16 or 14 gauge, and the difference can make or break the fit of certain jewelry. after making sure of the correct gauge and length (or diameter) of your lip ring, you’ll then need to decide what type of ball or decorative tip you’d like and how big you want it.  for those interested in minimizing the look of their piercing due to professional or aesthetic reasons, a small simple ball or single gem might suffice, but if you have fuller lips or are looking to make a statement, anything from larger gems or multiple crystals, to spikes, shapes, or even dangles might be what you’re looking for. the last you’ll want to consider is material.  for some, allergies might dictate what they can wear, and others might find non-metallic backings more comfortable against the gums.  it really is a matter of anatomy and preference.  if you’re ever in doubt, your piercer is a great resource for sizing and material suggestions.  for more about jewelry and sizing, check out our jewelry sizing category, and as always, buy smart. categories : jewelry sizing, labret and monroe piercings comments (0) jan 20 jewelry fashion fix: celebrating our coexistence by lorna · comments (0) today is martin luther king day, and in honor of the esteemed civil rights activist and gifted orator, we’re breaking out some jewelry goodies that support the dream of equality, the belief in unity, and the ideal of a peaceful global coexistence. practicing random acts of kindness is a great way to celebrate the legacy of doctor king, and showing your support outwardly for unity and the power of belief is another good way to go.  the beauty of the dream that began with rev. martin luther king jr. can be a constant reminder to strive for the betterment of our own lives and the lives of others. the coexist symbol is based on another motif that ties in perfectly to the themes of equality, tolerance, and brotherhood adherent to the civil rights movement.  the seamless combination of a number of religious and heritage symbols exemplifies the concept of world peace, while the word itself denotes a realization of our interconnectedness as a species, regardless of gender, race, or beliefs. today we celebrate the life of a remarkable man, and the strong continuation of his ideals now, and into the future.  happy martin luther king day! categories : jewelry fashion comments (0) jan 18 body jewelry update: eternal love by lorna · comments (0) love.  you can feel it in the air (and see it just about everywhere else) as valentine’s day approaches.  brilliant red trimmings and pop-up displays of heart-shaped candy luxuries litter the landscape pretty much everywhere you go.  but what about real love?  the kind that doesn’t come from a decorative box.   with the rash of ya fiction featuring immortal lovestruck heroines lately, the concept of forever somehow seems a bit more attainable than it used to.  and when we say “forever,” we’re talking about forever.  the only thing cuter than ’til death do us part is a love that lasts beyond the grave.  if you’re ready to take the leap for somebody this year, why not show it with a darkly beautiful fashion statement?  talk about deadly glamor. categories : jewelry fashion, valentine's day jewelry comments (0) jan 17 the modern modification lifestyle: the anti-valentine by lorna · comments (0) valentine’s day is coming on fast, and everyone’s getting ready for that ooey gooey love rush.  but what about people who are unattached?  or those who had a partner and recently decided to go their separate ways?  there’s definitely a stigma attached to being single on v day, and the tendency is to call anyone who isn’t “in the spirit” bitter.  there’s a lot more to being anti-valentine’s though. the modified generation is full of trendsetters who abstain for a variety of reasons, some of which are actually heart-felt and complex.  and going against the lovey dovey grain isn’t just for folks who are single; plenty of couples have stopped celebrating too.  motivations include not supporting certain industries, avoidance of setting unrealistic expectations within a relationship, not perpetuating gender stereotypes, reclaiming the original significance of the holiday (which had nothing to do with roses and chocolate), and many more. so the question remains: how do you get away with not hopping on the red and pink bandwagon without being wrongfully labeled a spinster or a cynic?  well, there’s a few things you can do that will actually help your case regardless of whether friends or family align with your point of view. first, you can schedule your next appointment for a tattoo or spa service day of.  if valentine’s day is really about love, then consider this loving yourself the right way by doing something that makes you feel good about yourself.  who could disagree with that, right?  next, if you don’t need a new tattoo or can’t book the day, you can volunteer somewhere on valentine’s day.  choose something close to your heart like the aspca, or a women and children’s shelter, and think of it as showing some love for your fellow man (or fur ball).  lastly, you can throw a party and invite any single or like-minded friends over for some hang time.  turn the focus into celebrating the genuine non-romantic connections you have with eachother, and pretty soon everyone will forget about cupid and fixate on what really matters. if you really do want to let everybody know that you’re down on love though, (and there’s nothing wrong with that), just let your accessories do the talking. categories : modification culture, valentine's day jewelry comments (0) jan 16 what’s that called?: ear piercing index by lorna · comments (0) lobe: this is just a standard ear lobe piercing.  for most this piercing was originally performed with a piercing gun, but in recent years trained piercers with sterile shops have been called on to perform more ear piercings than ever before. transverse lobe: the transverse, or “horizontal” lobe piercing goes through the full width of the bottom portion of the lobe and as such requires a barbell for normal wear rather than a stud. stretched lobe: a lobe piercing that is considered “stretched” has had the actual piercing hole itself (known as the fistula) enlarged to accommodate plugs rather than standard earrings. helix: the helix is the outcropping of cartilage that circles the free edge of the ear, and can be pierced in a range of spots depending on anatomy and preference.  this type of piercing is also often referred to as simply “cartilage piercing.” forward helix: the portion of the helix that folds forward where the ear meets the side of the face can be pierced on most individuals, which is called a forward helix piercing. industrial: an industrial is actually a set of piercings performed along the edge of the ear and connected with a single barbell.  although this too can include a variety of positions, the most common is horizontally across the upper ear at a slight diagonal (as shown). vertical industrial: this is an industrial that runs vertically across the ear rather than horizontally.  most often this is done beginning at the helix, running down the length of the ear, and emerging through the concave plate of cartilage at the inner edge, above the lobe. snug: a snug is a piercing of the secondary cartilaginous outcropping; the smaller ridge that forms right next to the helix.  for most, the snug will be worn with a piece of circular body jewelry, but barbells can also be used. orbital: the orbital is a piercing that goes through the ear in two separate spots, connected together by a circular barbell.  although the edge of the ear is popular, orbitals can be pierced in other, more interesting parts of the cartilage. tragus: tragus piercings are made through the nub of cartilage that protrudes in front of the opening of the inner ear.  one of the more popular ear cartilage piercings, they can be worn with a circular, or a stud. vertical tragus: when the tragus is pierced through vertically, most often utilizing a small curved barbell, it’s called a vertical tragus. anti-tragus: the anti-tragus is the protrusion of cartilaginous tissue just across from the tragus, which can be freely pierced in most individuals. daith:  a piercing of the crest just above the opening of the ear canal is called a daith, but to be a true daith as originally designed, the piercee must wear a hoop or circular, so that the item appears to emerge from within the ear. inner conch: this is a piercing in the concave plane of cartilage at the inside of the ear, below the uppermost ridge. outer conch: an outer conch piercing perforates the flatter cartilage above the upper ridge but underneath the helix. rook: last but not least, the rook is a piercing of the upper cartilage ridge, usually worn with a curved barbell. categories : ear piercings, piercing and aftercare information comments (0) jan 15 piercing fashion flash: a flower in your hat by lorna · comments (0) today is national hat day in the us.  sounds a little bit interesting, no?  just when you thought there was a holiday for literally everything, here comes another new one!  actually, this unofficial day of celebration has apparently been around for some time.  although no single person or group has taken official credit for this fun mini holiday, there are rumors linking it to the headwear association, who now names a “hat person of the year” on this fashionably auspicious day. in case you’re wondering how you’re meant to celebrate, it’s actual as simple as putting on a hat!  and what’s the best thing to wear with your favorite hat?  flowers, of course.  big flowers, small flowers, colorful flowers, all kinds of flowers; they really do hold a chapeau-focused ensemble together in just the right way.  you can wear them in your hair, or around your neck, but for a youthful modern look, they’re also great in modified ears.  start small with accents or cute little studs, graduate to dangle earrings or bcrs, or “go big or go home” with some beautiful blooming plugs. fun hat day trivia - some of the top reasons to wear a hat in the us include safety, religion, fashion, and warmth. - a designer/fabricator of hats is called a milliner. - more body heat is lost through the head than any other part of the body, so a hat really does help to keep you warm. - some of the most famous figures in world history were known for wearing highly recognizable hats, such as abraham lincoln’s stovepipe hat, napoleon bonaparte’s bicorne hat, and jackie kennedy’s trademark pillbox hat. categories : jewelry fashion comments (0) jan 14 body jewelry in depth: anatomy of a tongue ring by lorna · comments (0) for the most part tongue rings come in one standard type, a straight barbell with a decoration on one end and a ball or half ball on the other.  there’s definitely more to picking out a new tongue ring though, so here’s what you’ll need to know: we’ll start with gauge, which is the girth or thickness of the piece.  most regular tongue piercings are performed in a 14 gauge, which means that the barbell portion is 1.6 millimeters in diameter.  some however, may choose to be pierced in a slightly larger 12 gauge, or may stretch their tongue piercing to accommodate even larger jewelry.  for the purposes of fit, you’ll always want to know exactly what gauge your particular piercing is, as anything too large won’t fit and anything too small will be awkward and uncomfortable. next you’ll want to know what length you need.  this again is subject to variation given the potential differences in individual anatomy, but for the most part you’ll find that the standard 5/8″ (16mm) length is most common.  length is measured as the distance from the base of one ball or ending to the other along the barbell. another thing you’ll need to think about is the size of the decoration.  many tongue rings are simply outfitted with two balls, one or both of them baring a logo, glitter, or a fun design.  there are items with a wide variety of other decorative elements though, and these can vary in size greatly.  some common tips include dice, whistles, hoops, gems, hearts, 3d renderings of animals, letters, crosses, and vibrating capsules. the last thing you’ll want to consider is the materials.  tongue rings can be made using acrylic, silicone, austrian crystal, surgical steel, titanium, 14kt gold, bioplast, and a variety of other mediums.  just as with piercings of the skin, allergies, weight, and preferential factors should all be taken into account, along with considerations for proper oral health.  if you know that you tend to play with your tongue rings a lot and regularly feel them making contact with your teeth, sticking with non-metallic materials is a good way to prevent any accidental tooth damage.  also remember to check the security if your body jewelry balls at regular intervals to keep them from becoming a choking hazzard. for more about jewelry and sizing, check out our jewelry sizing category, and always buy smart. categories : jewelry sizing, nose piercings comments (0) jan 13 jewelry fashion fix: dreaming big by lorna · comments (0) today is make your dream come true day, and what a wonderful offbeat holiday it is.  dreams, goals, and aspirations are common to every human being on the planet, binding us all together as a wishing, hoping species.  so to celebrate this once a year opportunity, we’ll start by making some of your fashion dreams come true. head in the clouds what’s the first thing you see when your head’s in the clouds?  rainbows of course.  better than birds and bees and jet planes, the rainbow represents the sunny side of rain and gloom.  so wear it, share it, and keep on dreaming, because even if there isn’t a pot of gold at the end, everybody’s imagination deserves a little extra color. a fantasy world who says your life can’t also be a fairytale?  intelligent civilizations around the world have believed in fairy folk for centuries, and with all that reverence for the spirits of nature, there has to be a little truth to their magic, even if it is only fashion magic.  sparkling gems and shining silver lend themselves perfectly to a little modern day fairy dust, and if you follow your dreams you can be your own fairy godmother. make a wish blow out the candles and make a wish, because it’s time to wear your cake and eat it too.  just take all that sweetness and bring it into your life.  dream big, make things happen, and never forget that with a little ambition (and the right jewelry) even the stars aren’t out of reach. happy make your dream come true day! categories : jewelry fashion comments (0) jan 11 body jewlery update: good with wood by lorna · comments (0) we all know that wooden body jewelry looks cool, but did you know that there’s other benefits to wearing wood?  in stretched piercings, organic wood jewelry is ideal because it’s naturally porous.  the pores in the material allow the lobe fistula to breath, reducing the odor that so often accompanies stretching, and allowing the skin to eliminate excess moisture before it builds up and causes chafing or discomfort.  on top of that, wood is lightweight, durable, and reacts well to the natural oils that the skin produces, extending the life of the item itself.  ornate wooden tapers or hanger plugs are the perfect way to wear this great natural trend, adding a simple but beautiful extra touch to any outfit that they’re paired with.  just pick a motif that fits your style, and let the fringe benefits begin. categories : jewelry fashion, new body jewelry comments (0) jan 10 the modern modification lifestyle: having the hots for tea by lorna · comments (0) it’s no secret that the pierced and tattooed community has the hots for that wonderful beverage called tea.  in fact, the month of january is hot tea month, and around the western world people are raising awareness and educating about the many benefits of tea.  green tea has been used as a weight management tool, and contains a healthy dose of toxin-fighting antioxidants, while studies have suggested that regular consumption of black tea contributes to better oral and coronary health.  herbal teas are caffeine free, and also pack a powerful antioxidant punch, and several other types of tea have successfully been used to treat pain and indigestion. america’s obsession with coffee is gently waning in the 2010s, whilst tea, its accoutrements, and it’s british roots have all become popular in modification culture.  tattoos, of heritage china in particular, are exploding onto the body art scene in a plethora of styles, sizes, and influences.  even jewelry baring teapots, biscuits, cakes, and all manner of cups has been growing exponentially in popularity and availability.  the great thing though amongst all this retro tea-centric fashion is that the actual drinkingof tea has risen substantially as well.  just one more thing that makes the modified generations amongst the most health conscious in modern recorded history. so arrange your cookies, break out the good china, put on the kettle for a comforting cuppa, and join your fellow modified men and women in celebration by drinking, inking, wearing, and sharing all things tea.  happy january! categories : modification culture comments (0) next page » categories select category alternative and gothic fashion now  (9) bcrs  (8) belly piercings  (49) belts and buckles  (4) body art and extreme modification  (89) body jewelry history  (127) body jewelry information  (217) body jewelry materials  (34) body piercing interviews  (16) celebrity piercing  (13) christmas and hannukah jewelry  (12) coolest piercings you may have never heard of  (12) crash course  (14) custom jewelry  (16) ear piercings  (48) eyebrow piercings  (7) get social  (1) gift guide  (5) halloween jewelry  (37) holiday jewelry  (133) industrials  (7) jewelry fashion  (385) jewelry sizing  (28) labret and monroe piercings  (20) life in ink  (5) masters of modification  (5) men’s jewelry and fashion  (14) modification around the world  (24) modification culture  (24) mothers day and fathers day jewelry  (7) multi functional body jewelry  (33) necklaces and pendants  (11) new body jewelry  (62) nipple rings  (5) non-pierced body jewelry  (5) nose piercings  (22) oral piercings  (13) pick of the day  (8) piercing and aftercare information  (115) piercisms  (6) plugs and gauging  (21) rings  (17) rising stars of modern piercing  (15) saint patrick’s day jewelry  (5) steal the style  (22) surface piercings  (12) uncategorized  (10) unisex jewelry  (32) valentine’s day jewelry  (9) wedding jewelry  (6) zodiac and birthstones  (14) find bodycandy on archives select month january 2014  (18) december 2013  (26) november 2013  (26) october 2013  (27) september 2013  (25) august 2013  (27) july 2013  (27) june 2013  (25) may 2013  (27) april 2013  (26) march 2013  (26) february 2013  (25) january 2013  (29) december 2012  (26) november 2012  (29) october 2012  (28) september 2012  (25) august 2012  (28) july 2012  (26) june 2012  (26) may 2012  (28) april 2012  (25) march 2012  (31) february 2012  (24) january 2012  (25) december 2011  (27) november 2011  (26) october 2011  (26) september 2011  (26) august 2011  (27) july 2011  (25) june 2011  (26) may 2011  (24) april 2011  (23) march 2011  (20) february 2011  (8) january 2011  (6) december 2010  (4) november 2010  (9) october 2010  (6) september 2010  (6) august 2010  (9) july 2010  (7) what’s hotbridge piercing cosmic dermals double extreme body mod fashion lip music nape ocean piercing history plugs punk retro septum piercing sizing sports stretching super heros surface piercing tattoo art tribal piercing vampire bodycandy body jewelry blog copyright © 2014 all rights reserved flexx theme by ithemespowered by wordpress