来源URL: https://web.archive.org/web/20141230143325/http://www.bodycandy.com/blog
================================================================================

bodycandy body jewelry blog jan 20 super bowl xlix by jodie · comments (0) now that we’ve settled into the new year, it’s time to start anticipating some excitement in 2015! where will you be on february 1st? probably attending a super bowl party! even if you aren’t a sports fan… someone’s got to eat the taco dip and tweet about the halftime show, right? for the football fan in you, or just to impress your pro sports loving significant other, we’ve got some licensed nfl body jewelry for both teams. not a fan of either team? check out the rest of our collection: official nfl body jewelry categories : jewelry fashion, pick of the day comments (0) jan 16 to pierce, or not to pierce? by jodie · comments (0) that is the question. for many who are not seasoned in the art of body modification, the decision to pierce can be a tough one. will it look good on me? how bad is it going to hurt? what if it doesn’t heal? these are all questions that can detour someone from going through with a piercing. let’s clear a few of those up! will it look good on me? we all know beauty is not only skin deep, but maybe you’re unsure if a certain piercing is fit for your body. negative body image can greatly effect your decision and lead you to believe there are physical reasons your piercing won’t work out. well, we’re here to tell you that if you take care of your body, that’s not true! consult with your doctor to be certain of any health related issues that might complicate the piercing or healing process, or just ask your piercer. a professional will never pierce you if they feel it’s unsafe. and no need to feel self-conscious around these artists. a good piercer is compassionate about their work. after all, your body is their canvas. how bad is it going to hurt? you can’t always trust the opinion of a friend. as a teenager, i went into my navel piercing thinking i wouldn’t feel a thing, because that’s what my girl friends told me. every body has a different tolerance for pain. as a general rule of thumb: earlobe, navel, tongue and eyebrow piercings are the least painful. septum, labret, dermal (surface) piercings, cartilage piercings, nostril and male intimate piercings are typically a medium level of pain for most. the most painful piercings are in sensitive areas, ie. nipple and intimate piercings. what if it doesn’t heal? everybody knows somebody who’s had a piercing that didn’t heal properly or rejected. an easy way to avoid either of those from happening is to make certain you’re being pierced by a reputable artist. doing it yourself or with the help of a friend is never a good idea. to ensure your professional piercing does heal properly it is advisable not to get pierced when you are sick, physically exhausted, or stressed. if you are on medications of any sort, reschedule your piercing appointment – it’s for your own safety. if you have sensitive skin and scar or bruise easily, the chances of a smooth healing process are lower. any open wounds or piercings that are not fully healed yet can effect the healing process of a new piercing. upcoming medical procedures should be taken into consideration, also, since removing body jewelry is often a requirement. removing a piercing before the recommended healing time can cause serious infection. as long as you follow proper piercing care instructions, your piercing will heal! to be sure you are receiving a professional service, visit safepiercing.org to find an artist in your area! categories : piercing and aftercare information comments (0) jan 13 quick take: body jewelry for sensitive skin by nicole · comments (1) sensitivity to certain materials can detour people from wearing jewelry, and who wants that?! when it comes to body piercing, it is especially important to know what your body reacts to. an allergic reaction can be as simple as a rash or itching, or as severe as blistering. because your skin is ever changing throughout your life, it is possible you may develop a sensitivity at any time. even if you’re uncertain and just want to play it safe, the following materials should keep you in the clear. bioplast contains no metal whatsoever! it can be heat sterilized and is safe for healing swollen or infected piercings. when it comes to hypoallergenic materials, this is your savior. solid titanium pieces with a grade 23 or 5 are safe for those with jewelry allergies. steer clear of anodized titanium, however, because these pieces are only plated with titanium, and will have a center made of other metals. like bioplast, titanium can be heat sterilized, and is therefore safe for initial piercings. platinum jewelry is also excellent for piercings, however the material itself is rare and therefore comes with a higher price tag. if your sensitivity is mild, some stainless steel & 14k-18k gold pieces may also be an option. when in doubt, stick with titanium and bioplast! categories : body jewelry materials, piercing and aftercare information comments (1) jan 06 nose ring sizing q and a: why doesn’t my nose ring fit? by lorna · comments (1) a lot of us with nose piercings will jump around a bit, try a few different styles, and ultimately pick one or two go-to nose rings that fit well without very much difficulty.  but what happens when you find a bunch of nose rings you like, and most of them just plain don’t fit? if you know your gauge size and the style you prefer but still find your nose jewelry sticking up or sticking out, it’s time to get down to the nitty gritty.  not every nose will be the very same size and not every piercing will rest in the same place.  so here’s a few common nose jewelry pitfalls, and trust us, most of them can be fixed. q: instead of laying flat against my nose, why does my nose ring stick up leaving a gap? a: if the actual gem or decorative portion that’s visible sticks up, you need to look at the rise of your jewelry.  rise is the length of the portion between the base of your nose ring’s gem and the curve, and many common nose screws or l-shapes have a rise of 6 or 7 millimeters.  for those with slightly thinner nostrils though, a 5mm rise might be needed for proper fit, so you should look for an item with that smaller measurement. q: why does the corkscrew part of my nose screw stick out at the bottom of my nostril? a: if this happens it could mean you either have a slightly smaller nose than average, or that your piercing lays just slightly farther down your nostril.  neither of these are a bad thing, but they can make wearing screw style jewelry a little difficult.  if switching to a nose bone style item is comfortable, that can be a quick and easy fix.  for those who would prefer to stick to screws though, trying an item with a less pronounced curve or one that doesn’t make a full revolution may solve the issue. q: i want to wear a nose hoop but my piercing is a little higher on my nostril.  how can i get a hoop that will fit without looking oversized? a: if regular hoops don’t seem to be quite big enough but larger universal circulars stick out too much, a good fix is getting a custom bend.  in this case, you can purchase a type of extra long, straight nose ring called a fishtail, and take it to your piercer to get a hoop custom bent for your unique nose. other nose ring questions?  ask us in the comments! categories : jewelry sizing, nose piercings comments (1) jan 04 piercing video: jen’s daith ear cartilage piercing by lorna · comments (0) watch as modified cutie jen gets a daith ear cartilage piercing.  (look for the needle at about 22 seconds.) first, the piercer cleans jen’s ear thoroughly, being careful to get the cartilage all around where the daith will go.  he then marks dots and a circular guideline, to show where the jewelry is going to lay. our piercee approves the placement, and a hollow needle receiving tube is moved into place. she’s instructed to take a deep breath and exhale slowly, and the hollow piercing needle is gently pushed through, then corked. next, the needle is chased with a bcr, which is meticulously squeezed into place with a pair of special jewelry pliers.  a little final cleanup, and jen walks away with an awesome new daith piercing to add to her collection. daith piercings were first performed in 1992 by piercing legend erik dakota, but they’ve definitely come along way since then, and are now worn with a variety of body jewelry such as ball captive rings, horseshoe barbells, and clickers.  as a contemporary piercing, the daith has seen a steady rise in popularity, though it still remains less common compared to other ear cartilage piercings. for more about daiths and other ear piercings, check out our ear piercings category, and don’t forget to follow us on youtube for loads of fun close-ups of real piercings being performed. categories : ear piercings, piercing and aftercare information comments (0) jan 01 happy new year! by lorna · comments (0) 2014 brought a lot of changes.  a fun new look for the bodycandy online store, thousands of new items, and a slew of new friends and fans on our ever-growing collection of social networks.  we got new piercings, dermals, and tattoos, and maybe you did too.  the spring was hot, the summer was even hotter, but through all of our ups and downs, the good, the bad, and the fashionable, we stuck together like glue.  and now we’re happy to welcome another new year.  so from all of us at bodycandy, have an incredibly happy and healthy new year! in the mood to start 2015 off with a bang?  then it’s time to get your hands on best-selling body jewelry for all of your favorite piercings! belly rings          nose rings         tongue rings lip rings         plugs          earrings categories : holiday jewelry comments (0) dec 31 new piercings for the new year by lorna · comments (0) looking for something new to try in 2015?  just check out a few of these fun new ideas: scaffa project piercings referred to as “scaffa project” are any combination of multiple piercings across the flat plane of the upper ear underneath the helix.  these piercings can number as few as three or as many as eight or nine, and will generally make either a simple design or a line. daith conch orbital with daith piercings growing in popularity it’s no surprise that variations have arose.  case in point: the daith orbital.  this involves a daith piercing, an inner conch piercing, and an outer conch piercing, all connected with a single hoop.  only a seasoned professional will be able to pierce this one properly, but there’s no denying that the look is pretty neat. labret orbital not really an orbital in the truest sense of the word, this piercing only gives the illusion of a perfect hoop.  it’s as simple as connecting two standard labret piercings, but the jewelry can be a little bit tricky.  this one is best worn with a custom bent horseshoe that’s tipped with flat discs behind the lip. vertical bites vertical labrets are becoming more commonplace, but a little changeup can give them a unique spin.  try going double for either snake bites or spider bites, and you’ve got a piercing you’re not likely to see on everyone else in town. vertical bridge for some vertical surface piercings along the nose bridge aren’t feasible, but for those who can manage to pull it off, these fun piercings are interesting, unique, and draw lots of good attention to a set of pretty peepers. horizontal navel this provocative piercing can be done straight across, connecting both sides with a single barbell industrial style, or it can be a set of two separate belly piercings horizontally at the sides of the navel.  time to show off those killer abs. hairline these cute piercings along the hairline behind the ear can be worn as a single dermal or a set of several.  they’re feminine and unexpected.  as if you need to be any more alluring than you are already, right? categories : piercing and aftercare information comments (0) dec 27 2015: rocking the resolution by lorna · comments (0) with the 2015 year coming on fast, everybody’s thoughts are turning to one thing: new year’s resolutions.  it can be daunting for those who choose a resolution for sure, but we’re here to help you get started off right. want to get back to nature? start small with little changes and let them add up.  go for short walks a few days each week, and start switching your acrylic plugs over to stone and wood.  not only will organic materials make you feel closer to nature, but they’re also healthy for stretched piercings and more eco-conscious.  it’s a win-win. want to get fit? prepping for your new fitter self as if she already exists is key, so do things that’ll keep up your confidence and make you look forward to what lies ahead tangibly.  buy a beautiful belly ring that the world simply needs to see, and you’re sure to stay motivated to get those killer abs even quicker. want to stop eating junk food? get a candle in a sweet or appealing fragrance.  scent is a huge part of how we taste, and studies show that when a craving sets in, simply smelling something delicious and focusing on the scent can be just as satisfying as actually eating sweets! 2015?  bring it on! categories : body jewelry information, holiday jewelry comments (0) dec 25 merry christmas from bodycandy body jewelry by lorna · comments (1) the day is finally here!  gifts and family, food and cheer, and oodles of beautiful modified holiday style. whether it’s hot new jewelry, fun new mods, or anything else that your rockin’ little heart desires, we’re sending out a christmas wish that all of our awesome friends and fans get everything they want and more this holiday season.  so have a very merry modified christmas, hanukkah, or kwanza, and a happy new year. get your favorite festive holiday jewelry at awesome prices.  with hundreds of sparkling styles in stock and free shipping on orders of $19.99 or more, it’s never too early to start getting ready for next year! holiday belly rings   holiday nose rings   holiday earrings holiday plugs      holiday tongue rings      holiday cartilage categories : christmas and hannukah jewelry, holiday jewelry comments (1) dec 23 seeing red: pantone 2015 color of the year by lorna · comments (0) and the pantone institute’s 2015 color of the year is (drum roll please!) …marsala? now before you go getting bummed about this seemingly anti-climactic season opener, allow us to clarify exactly what marsala really is.  whereas wine, or deep red with a hint of violet, may be a color about as old as time itself, marsala is a far more brilliant offshoot.  in the purest (and certainly intended) form, we’re talking about a rich, dimensional, rusty red that hearkens to the era of film noir.  a color that’s capable of bringing out every woman’s inner femme fatale, and transforming your average about-town joe into a dashing gentleman of leisure. it pairs well with like tones including plum and ochre, pinky neutrals such as apricot, terra cotta, and coral, and rich warm browns like bronze, coconut, and amber.  it even lends depth when combined with desaturated pastels such as lilac heather, dusty rose, and lemon gray. is it the color that is a mystery wrapped in an enigma?  now your getting it!  just think of what a little strategic red can do. last note:  for anyone who doesn’t partake of such libations, you’ll be intrigued to know that the new signature shade gets its name from (perhaps you guessed) marsala wine, a distinct, sweet table red that originally hails from southern italy. categories : jewelry fashion comments (0) next page » categories select category alternative and gothic fashion now  (9) bcrs  (8) belly piercings  (54) belts and buckles  (4) body art and extreme modification  (99) body jewelry history  (157) body jewelry information  (248) body jewelry materials  (43) body piercing interviews  (17) celebrity piercing  (13) christmas and hannukah jewelry  (14) coolest piercings you may have never heard of  (12) crash course  (14) custom jewelry  (18) ear piercings  (60) eyebrow piercings  (9) get social  (5) gift guide  (14) halloween jewelry  (43) holiday jewelry  (162) industrials  (10) jewelry fashion  (457) jewelry sizing  (36) labret and monroe piercings  (24) life in ink  (8) masters of modification  (5) men’s jewelry and fashion  (14) modification around the world  (26) modification culture  (64) mothers day and fathers day jewelry  (12) multi functional body jewelry  (33) necklaces and pendants  (11) new body jewelry  (77) nipple rings  (6) non-pierced body jewelry  (7) nose piercings  (28) oral piercings  (16) pick of the day  (9) piercing and aftercare information  (160) piercisms  (6) plugs and gauging  (28) rings  (20) rising stars of modern piercing  (18) saint patrick’s day jewelry  (13) steal the style  (24) surface piercings  (15) uncategorized  (10) unisex jewelry  (35) valentine’s day jewelry  (19) wedding jewelry  (6) zodiac and birthstones  (14) find bodycandy on archives select month january 2015  (6) december 2014  (13) november 2014  (16) october 2014  (15) september 2014  (15) august 2014  (19) july 2014  (19) june 2014  (22) may 2014  (27) april 2014  (28) march 2014  (27) february 2014  (25) january 2014  (27) december 2013  (26) november 2013  (26) october 2013  (27) september 2013  (25) august 2013  (27) july 2013  (27) june 2013  (25) may 2013  (27) april 2013  (26) march 2013  (26) february 2013  (25) january 2013  (29) december 2012  (26) november 2012  (29) october 2012  (28) september 2012  (25) august 2012  (28) july 2012  (26) june 2012  (26) may 2012  (28) april 2012  (25) march 2012  (31) february 2012  (24) january 2012  (25) december 2011  (27) november 2011  (26) october 2011  (26) september 2011  (26) august 2011  (27) july 2011  (25) june 2011  (26) may 2011  (24) april 2011  (23) march 2011  (20) february 2011  (8) january 2011  (6) december 2010  (4) november 2010  (9) october 2010  (6) september 2010  (6) august 2010  (9) july 2010  (7) what’s hotbody jewelry bridge piercing cosmic dermals double extreme body mod fashion football licensed jewelry lip music nape nfl jewelry ocean piercing history plugs punk retro septum piercing sizing sports stretching super bowl jewelry super bowl xlix super heros surface piercing tattoo art tribal piercing vampire bodycandy body jewelry blog copyright © 2015 all rights reserved flexx theme by ithemespowered by wordpress