来源URL: https://web.archive.org/web/20181231110622/https://www.bodycandy.com/pages/help
================================================================================

help – bodycandy search wishlist wishlist wishlist cart cart add to wishlist added to wishlist menu × new jewelry belly rings belly ring monthly club handcrafted belly rings 14kt gold animals badass belly chains comic book / anime custom/personalized belly rings glow and mood holiday just girly things naughty belly rings picture word pregnancy belly rings rose gold top mount tropical under $3 ear industrial piercing monthly club handcrafted earrings cartilage studs cartilage hoops conch daith earrings earrings under $3 ear hangers ear weights helix industrial plugs/tapers/tunnels rook tragus nipple rings nipple ring monthly club handcrafted nipple rings animal captive dangling glow in the dark heart flower holiday nipple barbells nipple chains nipple shields sun star under $5 nose rings opal nose rings septum rings clickers themed (sports, symbols, etc) under $3 gem crystal micro nose hoops nose retainers 14kt gold and platinum ear to nose ring chains diamond and precious gem septum apparel sale $0.49 body jewelry bcr / horseshoe belly rings belt buckles cartilage earrings cheater plugs everything else eyebrow rings fake body jewelry industrial lip rings nipple rings nose rings plugs / tunnels replacement parts tongue rings more jewelry 14 kt gold body jewelry 14kt barbells 14kt belly rings 14 kt captive rings 14kt eyebrow rings 14kt lip rings 14kt nose rings 14kt replacement balls 14kt toe rings 14kt white gold bonus packs barbell bcr belly earring ear stretching kits eyebrow ring horseshoe lip ring nose ring replacement ball spiral twister captive rings horseshoes 14 kt gold captive bead rings dangle horseshoe replacement balls segment spiral rings under $3 create your own belly rings belt buckles bracelets cartilage earrings industrial necklace plugs tongue ring wood christmas ornaments dermal anchors dermal anchors dermal anchor tops skin divers earrings .925 sterling silver 14kt gold birthstone create your own chain link glow in the dark handcrafted holiday hoop hypoallergenic nickel free picture - sports stud threader stainless steel young girl's eyebrow rings 14 kt gold basic captive gem crystal picture under $3 fake non pierce jewelry back belly chains clip on rings fake plugs fake septum piercing holiday body jewelry christmas easter fall jewelry halloween mardi gras mother's day patriotic st patrick's day valentine's day intimate piercings intimate piercings lip rings captive rings horseshoes internally threaded labret / monroe lippy loop push in merch necklaces pendants ash holder chain college team create your own necklace dog tags holiday lockets young girl's handcrafted necklaces all necklaces replacement balls parts add your own charm belly rings replacement balls rubber o-rings shafts retainers belly lip nose pregnancy belly septum tongue tragus cartilage earring bcr cartilage chain link daith ear cuff helix industrial rook stud cartilage tragus rings band rings biker rings cocktail rings stainless steel toe ring / pinky two finger rings young girls rings sale $0.49 body jewelry bcr / horseshoe belly rings belt buckles cartilage earrings cheater plugs everything else eyebrow rings fake body jewelry industrial lip rings nipple rings nose rings plugs / tunnels replacement parts tongue rings tongue rings 14kt gold basics bioplast, acrylic, uv comic, anime create your own gem crystal naughty pictures, sports retainers under $3 aftercare piercing tattoo aftercare belt buckles create your own flags picture wood body candy apparel bracelets ankle bracelets college teams create your own cuff links money clips men's nfl football slider charms young girls bath bombs gift cards gift cards rewards program you're $24.99 away from free shipping! usd gbp cad eur shop #bodycandy my account look for: nose rings, tragus, labret, tongue rings, belly rings 00 0 your cart is empty. x - / + x subtotal: buy now empty cart the product has been added to your cart. continue shopping go to cart look for: nose rings, tragus, labret, tongue rings, belly rings new jewelry belly rings belly ring monthly club handcrafted belly rings 14kt gold animals badass belly chains comic book / anime custom/personalized belly rings glow and mood holiday just girly things naughty belly rings picture word pregnancy belly rings rose gold top mount tropical under $3 ear industrial piercing monthly club handcrafted earrings cartilage studs cartilage hoops conch daith earrings earrings under $3 ear hangers ear weights helix industrial plugs/tapers/tunnels rook tragus nipple rings nipple ring monthly club handcrafted nipple rings animal captive dangling glow in the dark heart flower holiday nipple barbells nipple chains nipple shields sun star under $5 nose rings opal nose rings septum rings clickers themed (sports, symbols, etc) under $3 gem crystal micro nose hoops nose retainers 14kt gold and platinum ear to nose ring chains diamond and precious gem septum apparel sale $0.49 body jewelry bcr / horseshoe belly rings belt buckles cartilage earrings cheater plugs everything else eyebrow rings fake body jewelry industrial lip rings nipple rings nose rings plugs / tunnels replacement parts tongue rings more jewelry home help help business hours our standard business hours are monday through friday from 9am to 5pm eastern standard time.  we are closed on weekends and major holidays. please contact our customer service department at sales@bodycandy.com we are closed on weekends and major holidays.  your email will be answered within 24 hours on business days. body jewelry - length chart the length of a barbell, straight or curved, is measured by the length of the jewelry shaft between the balls. listed below, please find a length chart for your information. length size chart inches -  millimeters  1/4"    =    6 mm  5/16"   =    8 mm  3/8"    =   10 mm  7/16"  =   11 mm  1/2"   =   12 mm  5/8"   =   16 mm  3/4"   =   19 mm  7/8"   =   22 mm  1"      =   25 mm 1 3/8"  =   35 mm 1 1/2"  =   38 mm  2"      =    50 mm body jewelry - gauge chart the gauge is the thickness of the barbell or jewelry shaft. the smaller the gauge, the thicker the barbell is.  listed below please find a gauge chart for your information. gauge size chart gauge -  millimeters  22    =     .5 mm  20    =     .8 mm  18    =     1 mm  16    =    1.2 mm  14    =    1.6 mm  12    =     2 mm  10    =    2.4 mm   8     =     3 mm   6     =     4 mm   4     =     5 mm   2     =     6 mm   0     =     8 mm  00    =    10 mm body jewelry care bodycandy is not responsible for damage to jewelry caused by outside sources. our quality guarantee covers manufacturing defects only. please consult a licensed, reputable piercing professional regarding proper care and cleaning of body jewelry. our corporation is not responsible for damage of dangling body jewelry during improper wear including sleeping, bathing, clothing obstructions, etc. appropriate care should be taken when wearing suspended body jewelry. acrylic balls can be easily striped if over-tightened. please use care when tightening acrylic balls. we do not replace jewelry that has stripped or cracked by over-tightening or toe rings that have been damaged from adjustment (stretching band). acrylic balls can also be damaged by cleaning with alcohol. do not immerse or clean acrylic body jewelry in alcohol. the jewelry will shatter. threaded balls on all jewelry should be checked often to make sure they have not come loose while being worn. barbell tongue rings may be affected by acidic food and alcohol consumption. discoloration is one of these adverse effects. body jewelry - size information all products listed on our website are only available in the size shown. please read the complete product description for each item. simply click on the specifications link to display the product details. if the information you need for a certain item is not included in our description, please contact us directly at (716) 694-6500 (during standard business hours). we can also be reached via email by completing the general question form under the help section or by emailing us directly at sales@bodycandy.com. be sure to include your question and reference the item name and number when submitting your inquiry. we are here to assist you monday through friday 9am-5pm est. catalogue request we do not have a printed catalog available due to our frequent change in inventory.  all of our in stock products are viewable on our web site. coupon code and gift certificates coupon codes - any codes you have received entitling you to discounts or special offers must be entered during the checkout process.  to take advantage of the discount or special offer, enter the code in the "promotion/coupon code" box.  this entry field is located on the second page of checkout directly following your shipping option selections. hit the enter button after entering the code into the correct field. you will see the coupon applied on the right hand side of the screen with your order summary immediately following the subtotal value. ** please note, only one coupon can be used per order. coupons not valid on previous purchases, 14k gold or bodycandy monthly club subscriptions. other exclusions may apply. orders must be received prior to expiration date and coupon codes are non-negotiable. discounts are not valid following expiration. gift certificates - when using a body candy gift certificate you will need to enter a credit card number to place the order and then you will enter the code on the gift certificate in the promo/coupon field.  the amount of the gift card will come off of the total and your credit card will not be charged unless you go over the gift card pre-purchased amount.   if you have a discount code that you would like to apply to your order, please contact customer service for assistance.  thank you. please note, only one gift certificate is valid per order. error ordering - the checkout process if your card is being declined, please review your credit card number as well as the expiration date for data entry errors.  if corrected, your order will process.  if the information is entered correctly, you will need to contact your bank directly regarding the declining of the credit card. if you are experiencing a verification error, please contact our customer service department monday through friday 9am-5pm est by email at sales@bodycandy.com. inventory question - i can not find an item on your site if you are unable to locate an item on our website, it is most likely out of stock.  only in-stock items are viewable on bodycandy.com.  please contact our customer service department for restock dates. mail-in order to pay with money order: if you already have an account with body candy, login to your account. if you do not have an account, simply create a new account by selecting the my account link on the menu bar. shop on site and add items to your shopping cart by clicking on the add to cart button. when you have placed all items in shopping cart, click on the process order button to review your final order. please select a shipping option and enter any gift certificate or promotional codes if applicable. when your order is complete, please print out the shopping cart page and write down the following information: - name - shipping address - email address - phone number - user name mail this information with your money order payment to: cybercartel international inc. 130 pineview drive amherst, ny 14228 * please make money order payable to: cybercartel international inc * you must add $2.99 for usps shipping for all united states orders for the 2-7 day delivery option, unless your order is over $24.99. * you must add $5.99 for shipping to canada. * you must add $8.99 for shipping to all other countries. * for international quicker delivery time please add $24.99 for priority mail international (6-10 day delivery). payments for international orders must be in us funds only. * only new york state and florida residents must include the following sales tax: ny= 8.75% and fl = 6%, on total merchandise ordered. * your order will be shipped as soon as we receive payment. * you will also receive an email to notify you of order receipt, as well as a second email to provide you with your order tracking number. fax your order: if you already have an account with body candy, login to your account. if you do not have an account, simply create a new account by selecting the my account link on the menu bar. shop on site and add items to your shopping cart by clicking on the add to cart button. when you have placed all items in shopping cart, click on the process order button to review your final order. please select a shipping option and enter any gift certificate or promotional codes if applicable. when your order is complete, please print out the shopping cart page and write down the following information: - name - shipping address - email address - phone number - user name - credit card information:            - credit card type            - account number            - expiration date            - cardholder name            - authorized signature fax your order to 716-204-0935.  you will receive an email confirmation upon order entry and a second email confirmation upon shipment of order. order not received please contact our customer service department via email at sales@bodycandy.com.  simply reference your order id number or last name for assistance.  please note, most orders are processed and shipped within 24 hours on weekdays, excluding holidays. please be sure to enter the correct and complete shipping address when placing your order. include company name (if applicable), suite or apartment number, etc.  bodycandy is not responsible for orders shipped to incomplete or incorrect addresses. order shipment timeframe international orders international orders are not shipped for free when you select the first class international delivery option with a shopping cart subtotal of $24.99 or higher. the cost is $5.99 for canada and $8.99 for all other countries. for faster delivery service, please select priority mail international (6 - 10 day delivery) at a rate of $24.99, regardless of order size. first class international delivery time is based on custom regulations, package volume, etc. it varies for each destination. ups express does not deliver to international destinations. order canceling - order modifying - order billing before you place your order, you can view the contents and the total amount in your shopping basket. once an order has been submitted successfully, the order will go directly to our warehouse for processing. customer service is unable to change or cancel an order once it has been submitted to our warehouse. credit card fraud protection is taken very seriously at cybercartel international, inc.  an invalid address entry for the billing information during order placement can cause an order cancellation within 48 hours of order placement. a notification email for credit card verification is sent upon order processing. this email is sent if the billing address entered is invalid or if the cvv credit card security code entry is not correct.  if you have an order that has been cancelled, please contact our customer service department at sales@bodycandy.com to verify your billing information and to reinstate your order. order confirmation the confirmation number you receive at the end of the checkout process confirms that we received the order. last page view upon order submission on our website: your order id is #bc0000. you will also receive an email following order placement as a second form of confirmation that we have received your order. please keep a copy of this number for your records. a second and final email will be sent upon shipment of your order. mail-in orders will receive an email confirmation upon receipt of order and entry into our system. order status please login to the my account section of the website with the username and password you established. if you did not establish an account with bodycandy or login to your account prior to order placement, you will not be able to review your order status online.  please contact our customer service department during standard business hours at sales@bodycandy.com and reference your order id number or last name for account location. payment type - visa - mastercard - discover - american express - paypal debit cards bank debit cards displaying a visa or mastercard symbol on the front side of the card can be utilized as a valid credit card payment. gift certificates bodycandy gift certificates other form of payment  (see mail in instructions for details) - money order (payable in us dollars only) personalize items - engraved jewelry all custom items from bodycandy are personalized in house and shipped within 48 hours of order placement (excluding holidays and weekends).  our in house high end machines allow us to personalize merchandise from bodycandy on site. inscriptions for merchandise are entered at order placement by customer.  please make sure to complete the "please personalize your product:" field located on product purchasing screen directly next to photo of product. all sales are final on custom personalized products. privacy policy information collection and use: cybercartel international, inc. (bodycandy.com) is the sole owner of the information collected on this site. we will not sell or rent this information to any third party and we will only share this information in the processing of your order. sharing: we use credit card processing companies to bill users for goods and services. these companies do not retain, share, store, or use personally identifiable information for any secondary purposes. these parties are not allowed to use personally identifiable information except for the purpose of providing these services. security: this website takes every precaution to protect our users' information. when our order form asks users to enter sensitive information, such as a credit card number, the information is encrypted and protected with the best encryption software in the industry - ssl. while on a secure page, like our order form, the lock icon on the bottom of web browsers such as netscape navigator and microsoft internet explorer becomes locked, as opposed to un-locked, or open, when you are just 'surfing'. links: this website contains links to other sites. please be aware that we (cybercartel international, inc.) are not responsible for the privacy practices of other sites. we encourage our users to be aware when they leave our site and to read the privacy statements of each and every website that collects personally identifiable information. this privacy statement applies solely to information collected by this website. cybercartel international, inc. - copyright (c) 2004 return policy requirements for a return return items must be in new condition return items must include all original packing and contents including accessories return items must be unused / unworn return must be received within 15 days of delivery date* no returns will be accepted on items made from 14k gold or sterling silver, custom or personalized items, or on items whose product number begins with q-, sr-, g-, au-, cu-, inox-, or spk-*please note: a 10% restocking fee is charged for cancellation of any and all custom or personalized orders and 25% restocking fee is charged for items returned outside of the fifteen (15) day return window. we process store credits for the cost of the item with no exceptions. because of the nature or our product, refunds are not an option. how do i return an item? email us at sales@bodycandy.com anytime with the following information: order number item to return item condition why item is being returned we will get back to you within 24 - 48 business hours. we are closed on saturday & sunday, as well as all major holidays. sales tax new york state and florida residents are subject to sales tax on total merchandise ordered. shipping methods and rates orders are processed and shipped within 24 hours of order receipt or credit card approval on weekdays, excluding holidays. custom and gold items are shipped within 7-10 business days.orders can be delayed for incorrect credit card information. please make certain when entering your order bill to and ship to information, you include the current bill to address in order to verify, authorize, and process your order. you will be able to select your shipping rate option during checkout. the following flat fee shipping and handling costs apply: usps 2 - 7 day delivery $2.99 (average delivery time not guaranteed)  (free delivery option with $24.99 order grand total (the grand total is your order total amount following any discounts and applicable taxes) usps priority (with delivery confirmation) 2 - 3 day average delivery $5.99  (average delivery time not guaranteed) ups ground (with delivery confirmation) 2 - 7 day delivery $6.99 (guaranteed delivery in 2-7 days) ups 3 day air (with delivery confirmation) 3 day delivery $10.99  (guaranteed delivery in 3 days) ups 2nd day air (with delivery confirmation) 2 day delivery $14.99  (guaranteed delivery in 2 days) ups next day air (with delivery confirmation) next business day delivery $34.99  (guaranteed next business day service) please note usps priority delivery is not a guaranteed 2-3 day delivery option.  this delivery service is an estimated delivery time of 2 - 3 days on average. international orders are not shipped for free when you select the first class international delivery option with a shopping cart grand total of $24.99 or higher (the grand total is your order total amount following any discounts and applicable taxes). the following shipping rates apply for all international orders: the standard first class shipping rate to canada is is $5.99. for all other international countries the rate is $8.99. for faster delivery service, please select priority mail international at a rate of $24.99 regardless of order size (6-10 day delivery). first class international delivery time is based on custom regulations, package volume, etc and varies for each destination. how do i return my merchandise? if you are not satisfied with your order for any reason, please contact us upon receipt of your order via email: sales@bodycandy.com.   free shipping - how do i qualify? domestic orders will qualify for free shipping when your shopping cart sub-total (after discounts) is $24.99 or higher. please remember to select the free shipping option during checkout. international orders will not ship for free when you select the first class mail international delivery option during checkout with the same sub-total qualifications. order tracking - how do i track my order? united states postal service (usps) customers who selected the following shipping options: 2 - 3 day priority delivery can track their orders directly on the official usps website at http://www.usps.com/ enter tracking number in tracking field click the search button customers can also contact usps toll-free by calling 1-800-222-1811, 24 hours a day, 7 days a week. please select the correct automated shipping options and have your tracking number available when phoning. please note: the 2-7 day usps standard delivery (free) is not a trackable shipping option. frequently asked questions: when is delivery status available? delivery status is available the evening of the date of delivery or attempted delivery. what if there is no delivery information available for a delivery confirmation™ item? this does not mean that the item has not been mailed. it just means that it has not been scanned as delivered. when tracking your order, the usps delivery confirmation will show you the day the order left our warehouse facility. please contact us directly regarding the status of your order. what can i do if my delivery confirmation™ mail piece hasn't been delivered? the estimated delivery time for priority mail® is 2 to 3 days, but it is not guaranteed.  delivery confirmationtm only provides you with a confirmation of the delivery date and time once the article has been delivered and scanned at the post office of the addressee - it does not provide for any tracking through the mail stream.  please contact us directly to confirm delivery of your package or to file a claim for non-receipt of order. united parcel service (ups) customers who selected the following shipping options for 2nd day air delivery and next day air delivery (business day) can track their orders directly on the official ups web site at http://www.ups.com/webtracking/track?loc=en_us enter tracking number in 1st tracking field mark accept terms box press track button if there are any issues with the address or if delivery attempts have been made and no one has been available to sign for the package, please contact ups directly at 1-800-pickups (742-5877). shipping status - when will my order ship? orders are processed and shipped within 24 hours of order receipt or credit card approval on weekdays, excluding holidays and weekends. exceptions include orders placed with any of the following types of items including customized, personalized, handcrafted, a variety of .925 sterling silver, and our line of exceptionally crafted platinum and gold body jewelry items created by our in house jewelers. these orders will be shipped within 2 - 3 days of order receipt during standard business hours.  sku numbers for this merchandise will begin with a letter. examples include, but are not limited to the following: au-, b-, cu-, dy-, g-, inox-, q-, r-, spk-, sr-, etc. other exceptions include order submission with the incorrect billing address information or a purchase made by an authorized cardholder. please make certain when entering your order bill to and ship to information, you include the current bill to address in order to verify, authorize and process your order. all orders with incomplete or invalid credit card billing address information will automatically be held for proper verification and cancelled within 48 hours for fraud protection security. an email will be sent to you to notify you of this order hold. if you should have any questions regarding order shipment time frames and delays, please feel free to contact any of our customer service representatives during standard business hours. payment information usd our store is in the united states and therefore we charge in us dollars.  if the customer is in a different country, their bank will process the daily exchange rate in the currency of the country in which their bank is located. thank you. product descriptions - how do i view? each item on our website has descriptive information to provide you with informative details when shopping. simply click on the find out more link to display details. if the information you need for a certain item is not included in our description, please contact us via email at sales@bodycandy.com. be sure to include your question and reference the item name and number when submitting your inquiry. we are available to assist you monday through friday 9am-5pm est.  we are closed on weekends and holidays. blog the body jewelry blog contact us help monthly subscription faq my account newsletter signup return policy rewards get a mystery coupon immediately get coupon follow bodycandy all rights reserved 2019 categories new jewelry belly rings nipple rings industrials earrings nose rings tongue rings lip rings plugs captive rings/bcrs gift cards view all about about us privacy policy blog the body jewelry blog info customer service / help shipping policy return policy monthly subscription faq account account overview my favorites my order home having trouble ordering? about us privacy policy coupon all rights reserved 2019