来源URL: https://web.archive.org/web/20241224164136/https://www.bodycandy.com/pages/terms-of-service
================================================================================

terms of service skip to content spend $24.99 more and get free shipping! country/region united states (usd $) country/region åland islands (eur €) albania (all l) algeria (dzd د.ج) andorra (eur €) anguilla (xcd $) antigua & barbuda (xcd $) armenia (amd դր.) aruba (awg ƒ) australia (aud $) austria (eur €) azerbaijan (azn ₼) bahamas (bsd $) bahrain (usd $) bangladesh (bdt ৳) barbados (bbd $) belarus (usd $) belgium (eur €) belize (bzd $) benin (xof fr) bhutan (usd $) bosnia & herzegovina (bam км) bouvet island (usd $) brazil (usd $) british indian ocean territory (usd $) british virgin islands (usd $) bulgaria (bgn лв.) burkina faso (xof fr) burundi (bif fr) canada (cad $) cape verde (cve $) central african republic (xaf fr) chile (usd $) china (cny ¥) christmas island (aud $) cocos (keeling) islands (aud $) comoros (kmf fr) cook islands (nzd $) costa rica (crc ₡) côte d’ivoire (xof fr) croatia (eur €) curaçao (ang ƒ) cyprus (eur €) czechia (czk kč) denmark (dkk kr.) djibouti (djf fdj) dominica (xcd $) dominican republic (dop $) egypt (egp ج.م) el salvador (usd $) equatorial guinea (xaf fr) eritrea (usd $) estonia (eur €) eswatini (usd $) ethiopia (etb br) falkland islands (fkp £) faroe islands (dkk kr.) finland (eur €) france (eur €) french guiana (eur €) french southern territories (eur €) gabon (xof fr) gambia (gmd d) georgia (usd $) germany (eur €) ghana (usd $) gibraltar (gbp £) greece (eur €) greenland (dkk kr.) grenada (xcd $) guadeloupe (eur €) guatemala (gtq q) guernsey (gbp £) guinea (gnf fr) guinea-bissau (xof fr) guyana (gyd $) haiti (usd $) heard & mcdonald islands (aud $) hong kong sar (hkd $) hungary (huf ft) iceland (isk kr) indonesia (idr rp) iraq (usd $) ireland (eur €) isle of man (gbp £) israel (ils ₪) italy (eur €) jamaica (jmd $) japan (jpy ¥) jersey (usd $) jordan (usd $) kazakhstan (kzt 〒) kiribati (usd $) kosovo (eur €) kyrgyzstan (kgs som) latvia (eur €) lesotho (usd $) liechtenstein (chf chf) lithuania (eur €) luxembourg (eur €) macao sar (mop p) malawi (mwk mk) malaysia (myr rm) mali (xof fr) malta (eur €) martinique (eur €) mauritania (usd $) mayotte (eur €) mexico (usd $) moldova (mdl l) monaco (eur €) montenegro (eur €) montserrat (xcd $) morocco (mad د.م.) mozambique (usd $) namibia (usd $) nauru (aud $) nepal (npr ₨) netherlands (eur €) new zealand (nzd $) nicaragua (nio c$) nigeria (ngn ₦) niue (nzd $) norfolk island (aud $) north macedonia (mkd ден) norway (usd $) oman (usd $) pakistan (pkr ₨) palestinian territories (ils ₪) paraguay (pyg ₲) philippines (php ₱) pitcairn islands (nzd $) poland (pln zł) portugal (eur €) qatar (qar ر.ق) réunion (eur €) romania (ron lei) russia (usd $) rwanda (rwf frw) san marino (eur €) são tomé & príncipe (std db) saudi arabia (sar ر.س) senegal (xof fr) serbia (rsd рсд) singapore (sgd $) sint maarten (ang ƒ) slovakia (eur €) slovenia (eur €) somalia (usd $) south africa (usd $) south georgia & south sandwich islands (gbp £) south korea (krw ₩) spain (eur €) st. barthélemy (eur €) st. helena (shp £) st. kitts & nevis (xcd $) st. lucia (xcd $) st. martin (eur €) st. pierre & miquelon (eur €) st. vincent & grenadines (xcd $) sudan (usd $) suriname (usd $) svalbard & jan mayen (usd $) sweden (sek kr) switzerland (chf chf) taiwan (twd $) tanzania (tzs sh) thailand (thb ฿) togo (xof fr) tokelau (nzd $) tonga (top t$) trinidad & tobago (ttd $) tunisia (usd $) türkiye (usd $) tuvalu (aud $) u.s. outlying islands (usd $) uganda (ugx ush) ukraine (uah ₴) united kingdom (gbp £) united states (usd $) uruguay (uyu $) uzbekistan (uzs ) vatican city (eur €) venezuela (usd $) vietnam (vnd ₫) wallis & futuna (xpf fr) western sahara (mad د.م.) zambia (usd $) new nose opal nose rings double spiral nose rings 14kt gold & platinum nose hoops under $3 nose rings septum rings & clickers gem crystal nose rings nose retainers diamond & precious gem nose rings ear to nose ring chains themed nose rings (sports, symbols, etc.) micro nose rings belly belly ring monthly club animal belly rings holiday belly rings picture & word belly rings top mount belly rings handcrafted belly rings badass belly rings custom & personalized belly rings just girly things belly rings pregnancy belly rings tropical belly rings 14kt gold belly rings belly chains glow & mood belly rings naughty belly rings rose gold belly rings under $3 belly rings 14k gold $1.99 $1.99 belly button rings $1.99 nose rings $1.99 industrial barbells $1.99 nipple rings $1.99 cartlilage rings $1.99 circular barbells & captive bead rings $1.99 lip rings $1.99 plugs & tunnels $1.99 tongue rings $1.99 eyebrow rings $1.99 faux piercing halloween clearance belly rings cheater plugs faux body jewelry nipple rings replacement parts ear hypoallergenic flat back earrings industrial piercing monthly club cartilage hoops earrings helix piercing jewelry rook piercing jewelry ear curations conch piercing jewelry ear hangers industrial ear piercing jewelry tragus piercing jewelry cartilage studs daith piercing jewelry ear weights plugs, tapers & tunnels christmas earrings nipple rings nipple ring monthly club captive nipple rings heart & flower nipple rings nipple chains under $5 nipple rings handcrafted nipple rings dangling nipple rings holiday nipple rings nipple shields faux nipple rings animal-theme nipple rings glow in the dark nipple rings nipple barbells sun & star nipple rings v-day more monthly club navigation bodycandy popular searches:nose rings,belly rings,labret,tongue rings,tragus newsletter 0 newnose opal nose ringsdouble spiral nose rings14kt gold & platinumnose hoopsunder $3 nose ringsseptum rings & clickersgem crystal nose ringsnose retainersdiamond & precious gem nose ringsear to nose ring chainsthemed nose rings (sports, symbols, etc.)micro nose ringsbelly belly ring monthly clubanimal belly ringsholiday belly ringspicture & word belly ringstop mount belly ringshandcrafted belly ringsbadass belly ringscustom & personalized belly ringsjust girly things belly ringspregnancy belly ringstropical belly rings14kt gold belly ringsbelly chainsglow & mood belly ringsnaughty belly ringsrose gold belly ringsunder $3 belly rings14k gold$1.99 $1.99 belly button rings$1.99 nose rings$1.99 industrial barbells$1.99 nipple rings$1.99 cartlilage rings$1.99 circular barbells & captive bead rings$1.99 lip rings$1.99 plugs & tunnels$1.99 tongue rings$1.99 eyebrow rings$1.99 faux piercinghalloween clearancebelly ringscheater plugsfaux body jewelrynipple ringsreplacement partsear hypoallergenic flat back earringsindustrial piercing monthly clubcartilage hoopsearringshelix piercing jewelryrook piercing jewelryear curationsconch piercing jewelryear hangersindustrial ear piercing jewelrytragus piercing jewelrycartilage studsdaith piercing jewelryear weightsplugs, tapers & tunnelschristmas earringsnipple rings nipple ring monthly clubcaptive nipple ringsheart & flower nipple ringsnipple chainsunder $5 nipple ringshandcrafted nipple ringsdangling nipple ringsholiday nipple ringsnipple shieldsfaux nipple ringsanimal-theme nipple ringsglow in the dark nipple ringsnipple barbellssun & star nipple ringsv-daymoremonthly club account new nose nipple belly $1.99 best sellers ear 14k gold more nose belly nipple septum earrings tragus tongue industrial plugs lip conch helix rook daith 14k gold aftercare cookie policyi agree to the processing of my data in accordance with the conditions set out in the policy of privacy. accept decline cart your cart is empty start shopping add order note save home terms of service terms of service we provide services to you subject to the notices, terms, and conditions set forth in this agreement. besides, you will obey the rules, guidelines, policies, terms, and conditions applicable to such services before you use them. we reserve the right to change this site and these terms and conditions at any time. before proceeding, please read this agreement because accessing, browsing, or otherwise using the site indicates your agreement to all the terms and conditions in this agreement. you shall not upload, distribute, or otherwise publish through this site any content, information, or other material that (a) includes any bugs, viruses, worms, trap doors, trojan horses, or other harmful code or properties; (b) is libelous, threatening, defamatory, obscene, indecent, pornographic, discriminatory, or could give rise to any civil or criminal liability under the laws of the u.s. or the laws of any other country that may apply; or (c)violates or infringes upon the copyrights, patents, trademarks, service marks, trade secrets, or other proprietary rights of any person.  www.yourbusinessdomain may give you an account identification and password to enable you to access and use certain portions of this site. each time you use a password or identification, you are deemed to be authorized to access and use the site in a manner consistent with the terms and conditions of this agreement, and www.bodycandy.com has no obligation to investigate the source of any such access or use of the site. by accepting these terms of use through your use of the site, you certify that you are 18 years of age or older. if you are under 18 years old please use this site only under the supervision of a parent or legal guardian. subject to the terms and conditions of this agreement, hereby grants you a limited, revocable, non-transferable, and non-exclusive license to access and use the site by displaying it on your internet browser only for the purpose of shopping and not for any commercial use or use on behalf of any third party, except as explicitly permitted by www.bodycandy.com in advance. any violation of this agreement shall result in the immediate revocation of the license granted in this paragraph without notice to you. unless explicitly permitted by our company in advance, all materials, including images, text, illustrations, designs, icons, photographs, programs, music clips or downloads, video clips and written and other materials that are part of this site (collectively, the “contents”) are intended solely for personal, non-commercial use. you may not make any commercial use of any of the information provided on the site or make any use of the site for the benefit of another business. we reserve the right to refuse service, terminate accounts, and/or cancel orders in its discretion, including, without limitation, if we believe that customer conduct violates applicable laws or is harmful to our interests. you may not reproduce, distribute, display, sell, lease, transmit, create derivative works from, translate, modify, reverse-engineer, disassemble, decompile, or otherwise exploit this site or any portion of it unless expressly permitted by our company in writing. you will be solely responsible for all access to and use of this site by anyone using the password and identification originally assigned to you whether or not such access to and use of this site is actually authorized by you, including without limitation, all communications and transmissions and all obligations (including without limitation financial obligations) incurred through such access or use. you are solely responsible for protecting the security and confidentiality of the password and identification assigned to you. you shall immediately notify www.bodycandy.com of any unauthorized use of your password or identification or any other breach or threatened breach of this site’s security. sms/mms mobile message marketing program terms and conditions bodycandy (hereinafter, “we,” “us,” “our”) is offering a mobile messaging program (the “program”), which you agree to use and participate in subject to these mobile messaging terms and conditions and privacy policy https://www.bodycandy.com/pages/privacy-policy (the “agreement”). by opting in to or participating in any of our programs, you accept and agree to these terms and conditions, including, without limitation, your agreement to resolve any disputes with us through binding, individual-only arbitration, as detailed in the “dispute resolution” section below. this agreement is limited to the program and is not intended to modify other terms and conditions or privacy policy that may govern the relationship between you and us in other contexts. user opt-in: the program allows users to receive sms/mms mobile messages by affirmatively opting into the program, such as through online or application-based enrollment forms. regardless of the opt-in method, you utilized to join the program, you agree that this agreement applies to your participation in the program. by participating in the program, you agree to receive autodialed or prerecorded marketing mobile messages at the phone number associated with your opt-in, and you understand that consent is not required to make any purchase from us. while you consent to receive messages sent using an autodialer, the foregoing shall not be interpreted to suggest or imply that any or all of our mobile messages are sent using an automatic telephone dialing system (“atds” or “autodialer”). message and data rates may apply. message frequency varies. user opt out: if you do not wish to continue participating in the program or no longer agree to this agreement, you agree to reply stop, end, cancel, unsubscribe, or quit to any mobile message from us in order to opt out of the program. you may receive an additional mobile message confirming your decision to opt out. you understand and agree that the foregoing options are the only reasonable methods of opting out. you acknowledge that our text message platform may not recognize and respond to unsubscribe requests that alter, change, or modify the stop, end, cancel, unsubscribe or quit keyword commands, such as the use of different spellings or the addition of other words or phrases to the command, and agree that bodycandy and its service providers will have no liability for failing to honor such requests. you also understand and agree that any other method of opting out, including, but not limited to, texting words other than those set forth above or verbally requesting one of our employees to remove you from our list, is not a reasonable means of opting out. program description: without limiting the scope of the program, users that opt into the program can expect to receive messages concerning the marketing, promotion, payment, delivery and sale of digital and physical products, services. messages may include checkout reminders. cost and frequency: message and data rates may apply. you agree to receive messages periodically at our discretion. daily, weekly, and monthly message frequency will vary. the program involves recurring mobile messages, and additional mobile messages may be sent periodically based on your interaction with us. support instructions: for support regarding the program, text “help” to the number you received messages from or email us at sales@bodycandy.com. please note that the use of this email address is not an acceptable method of opting out of the program. opt outs must be submitted in accordance with the procedures set forth above. mms disclosure: the program will send sms tms (terminating messages) if your mobile device does not support mms messaging. our disclaimer of warranty: the program is offered on an "as-is" basis and may not be available in all areas at all times and may not continue to work in the event of product, software, coverage or other changes made by your wireless carrier. we will not be liable for any delays or failures in the receipt of any mobile messages connected with this program. delivery of mobile messages is subject to effective transmission from your wireless service provider/network operator and is outside of our control. carriers are not liable for delayed or undelivered mobile messages. participant requirements: you must have a wireless device of your own, capable of two-way messaging, be using a participating wireless carrier, and be a wireless service subscriber with text messaging service. not all cellular phone providers carry the necessary service to participate. check your phone capabilities for specific text messaging instructions. age restriction: you may not use or engage with the platform if you are under thirteen (13) years of age. if you use or engage with the platform and are between the ages of thirteen (13) and eighteen (18) years of age, you must have your parent’s or legal guardian’s permission to do so. by using or engaging with the platform, you acknowledge and agree that you are not under the age of thirteen (13) years, are between the ages of thirteen (13) and eighteen (18) and have your parent’s or legal guardian’s permission to use or engage with the platform, or are of adult age in your jurisdiction. by using or engaging with the platform, you also acknowledge and agree that you are permitted by your jurisdiction’s applicable law to use and/or engage with the platform. prohibited content: you acknowledge and agree to not send any prohibited content over the platform. prohibited content includes: - any fraudulent, libelous, defamatory, scandalous, threatening, harassing, or stalking activity; - objectionable content, including profanity, obscenity, lasciviousness, violence, bigotry, hatred, and discrimination on the basis of race, sex, religion, nationality, disability, sexual orientation, or age; - pirated computer programs, viruses, worms, trojan horses, or other harmful code; - any product, service, or promotion that is unlawful where such product, service, or promotion thereof is received; - any content that implicates and/or references personal health information that is protected by the health insurance portability and accountability act (“hipaa”) or the health information technology for economic and clinical health act (“hitec” act); and - any other content that is prohibited by applicable law in the jurisdiction from which the message is sent. dispute resolution: in the event that there is a dispute, claim, or controversy between you and us, or between you and stodge inc. d/b/a postscript or any other third-party service provider acting on our behalf to transmit the mobile messages within the scope of the program, arising out of or relating to federal or state statutory claims, common law claims, this agreement, or the breach, termination, enforcement, interpretation or validity thereof, including the determination of the scope or applicability of this agreement to arbitrate, such dispute, claim, or controversy will be, to the fullest extent permitted by law, determined by arbitration in amherst, ny before one arbitrator. the parties agree to submit the dispute to binding arbitration in accordance with the commercial arbitration rules of the american arbitration association (“aaa”) then in effect. except as otherwise provided herein, the arbitrator shall apply the substantive laws of the federal judicial circuit in which bodycandy principle place of business is located, without regard to its conflict of laws rules. within ten (10) calendar days after the arbitration demand is served upon a party, the parties must jointly select an arbitrator with at least five years’ experience in that capacity and who has knowledge of and experience with the subject matter of the dispute. if the parties do not agree on an arbitrator within ten (10) calendar days, a party may petition the aaa to appoint an arbitrator, who must satisfy the same experience requirement. in the event of a dispute, the arbitrator shall decide the enforceability and interpretation of this arbitration agreement in accordance with the federal arbitration act (“faa”). the parties also agree that the aaa’s rules governing emergency measures of protection shall apply in lieu of seeking emergency injunctive relief from a court. the decision of the arbitrator shall be final and binding, and no party shall have rights of appeal except for those provided in section 10 of the faa. each party shall bear its share of the fees paid for the arbitrator and the administration of the arbitration; however, the arbitrator shall have the power to order one party to pay all or any portion of such fees as part of a well-reasoned decision. the parties agree that the arbitrator shall have the authority to award attorneys’ fees only to the extent expressly authorized by statute or contract. the arbitrator shall have no authority to award punitive damages and each party hereby waives any right to seek or recover punitive damages with respect to any dispute resolved by arbitration. the parties agree that each may bring claims against the other only in an individual capacity via arbitration and not as a plaintiff or class member in any purported class or representative arbitration proceeding. further, unless both parties agree otherwise in a signed writing, the arbitrator may not consolidate more than one person’s claims, and may not otherwise preside over any form of a representative or class proceeding. except as may be required by law, neither a party nor the arbitrator may disclose the existence, content, or results of any arbitration without the prior written consent of both parties, unless to protect or pursue a legal right. if any term or provision of this section is invalid, illegal, or unenforceable in any jurisdiction, such invalidity, illegality, or unenforceability shall not affect any other term or provision of this section or invalidate or render unenforceable such term or provision in any other jurisdiction. if for any reason a dispute proceeds in court rather than in arbitration, the parties hereby waive any right to a jury trial. this arbitration provision shall survive any cancellation or termination of your agreement to participate in any of our programs. state law: florida: we endeavor to comply with the florida telemarketing act and the florida do not call act as applicable to florida residents. for purposes of compliance, you agree that we may assume that you are a florida resident if, at the time of opt-in to program, (1) your shipping address, as provided is located in florida or (2) the area code for the phone number used to opt-into the program is a florida area code. you agree that the requirements of the florida telemarketing act and the florida do not call act do not apply to you, and you shall not assert that you are a florida resident, if you do not meet either of these criteria or, in the alternative, do not affirmatively advise us in writing that you are a florida resident by sending written notice to us. insofar as you are a florida resident, you agree that mobile messages sent by us in direct response to mobile messages or requests from you (including but are not limited to response to keywords, opt-in, help or stop requests and shipping notifications) shall not constitute a “telephonic sales call” or “commercial telephone solicitation phone call” for purposes of florida statutes section 501 (including but not limited to sections 501.059 and 501.616), to the extent the law is otherwise relevant and applicable.new jersey: n our efforts to comply with the new jersey telemarketing law, (as applicable to new jersey residents), you agree that we may assume that you are a new jersey resident if, at the time of opt-in to the program, the area code for the phone number used to opt-into the program is a new jersey area code. you agree that the requirements of the new jersey telemarketing statute do not apply to you, and you shall not assert that you are a new jersey resident, if you do not meet this criteria or, in the alternative, do not affirmatively advise us in writing that you are a new jersey resident. insofar as you are a new jersey resident, you agree that mobile messages sent by us in direct response to mobile messages or requests from you (including but are not limited to response to keywords, opt-in, help or stop requests and shipping notifications) shall not constitute an “unsolicited telemarketing sales call” or “telemarketing sales call” for purposes of new jersey statute title 56, chapter 8 (including but not limited to section 56:8-128.), to the extent the law is otherwise relevant and applicable. additionally, in efforts to comply with section 56:8-128, we will state our company name (or any d/b/a of ours) at the start of every message we send to you. washington: to the extent the law is relevant and applicable to the program, we endeavor to comply with the commercial telephone solicitation requirements pursuant to the revised code of washington (rcw) (including but not limited to sections 80.36.390, 19.158.040, 19.158.110 and 19.158) as applicable to washington residents. for purposes of compliance, you agree that we may assume that you are a washington resident if, at the time of opt-in to the program, the area code for the phone number used to opt-into the program is a washington area code. oklahoma: we endeavor to comply with the oklahoma telephone solicitation act of 2022 as applicable to oklahoma residents.  for purposes of compliance, you agree that we may assume that you are an oklahoma resident if, at the time of opt-in to program, the area code for the phone number used to opt-into the program is an oklahoma area code.  you agree that the requirements of the oklahoma telephone solicitation act do not apply to you, and you shall not assert that you are an oklahoma resident, if you do not meet the criteria or, in the alternative, do not affirmatively advise us in writing that you are an oklahoma resident by sending written notice to us.  insofar as you are an oklahoma resident, you agree that mobile messages sent by us in direct response to mobile messages or requests from you (including but are not limited to response to keywords, opt-in, help or stop requests and shipping notifications) shall not constitute a “telephonic sales call” or “commercial telephone solicitation phone call” for purposes of oklahoma statutes title 15 (including but not limited to sections 775c.1, 775c.2, 775c.3, 775c.4 and 775c.5), to the extent the law is otherwise relevant and applicable. miscellaneous: you warrant and represent to us that you have all necessary rights, power, and authority to agree to these terms and perform your obligations hereunder, and nothing contained in this agreement or in the performance of such obligations will place you in breach of any other contract or obligation. the failure of either party to exercise in any respect any right provided for herein will not be deemed a waiver of any further rights hereunder. if any provision of this agreement is found to be unenforceable or invalid, that provision will be limited or eliminated to the minimum extent necessary so that this agreement will otherwise remain in full force and effect and enforceable. any new features, changes, updates or improvements of the program shall be subject to this agreement unless explicitly stated otherwise in writing. we reserve the right to change this agreement from time to time. any updates to this agreement shall be communicated to you. you acknowledge your responsibility to review this agreement from time to time and to be aware of any such changes. by continuing to participate in the program after any such changes, you accept this agreement, as modified. p2p sms terms and conditions consent to receive messages. by opting-in to bodycandy’s messaging program called "bodycandy", you consent to receiving marketing text messages (e.g. cart reminders from information collected via cookies) at the telephone number, including short message service (sms) messages. bodycandy has full control of its messaging program and reserves the right to alter the frequency of messages sent at any time, so as to increase or decrease the total number of sent messages. no condition for purchase or services. your decision to opt into bodycandy’s messaging program is not a condition of purchasing any good or service. bodycandy’s terms of use and privacy policy. by opting in, you accept and agree to be bound by bodycandy’s privacy policy and terms of use, and you consent to the processing of your information as set forth in those policies. contact. if you have questions or comments, please reach out to bodycandy at sales@bodycandy.com messaging information. opt-in. to opt in, you may: enter your mobile phone number on a website form, you will then receive a text from +13477832186 where you may choose to opt-in to marketing messages. message frequency varies. rates. carrier message and data rates may apply. please consult your mobile service carrier's pricing plan to determine the charges for sending and receiving text messages. opt-out. to opt out, text "stop", “unsubscribe” to +13477832186. this is the only method for opt out. after opting out you will receive one additional message confirming that your request has been processed. help. for help, text "help" to +13477832186. other. carriers are not liable for delayed or undelivered messages. want your order faster? add vip ordering processing and...you jump to the front of the lineyour order ships before everyone else! about contact about faq blog piercing q&a customers wishlist rewards size guide care guide shipping policy return policy need help?customer servicemonday through friday from 9am to 5pm est+1 800-694-1426 subscribesign up for emails and never miss a drop! email sign up mybodyjewelry.com© 2024 bodycandy. all rights reserved.   | policies: terms of service privacy policy messaging privacy policy messaging terms & conditions accessibility