来源URL: https://web.archive.org/web/20111228075951/http://www.fanatics.com/helpdesk/FAQ
================================================================================

faqs home home my account |   sign out faqs customer service track my order shopping cart my cart ( 0 items ) $0.00 checkout now search for: search submit college air force falconsalabama crimson tideappalachian state mountaineersarizona state sun devilsarizona wildcatsarkansas razorbacksarmy black knightsauburn tigersboise state broncosboston college eaglesbyu cougarscal bearscincinnati bearcatsclemson tigerscolorado buffaloescolorado state ramsconnecticut huskiesduke blue devilseast carolina piratesflorida a&m rattlersflorida gatorsflorida state seminolesfresno state bulldogsga tech yellow jacketsgeorgetown hoyasgeorgia bulldogsgonzaga bulldogshawaii warriorsidaho vandalsillinois fighting illiniindiana hoosiersiowa hawkeyesiowa state cycloneskansas jayhawkskansas state wildcatskentucky wildcatslouisville cardinalslsu tigersmarquette golden eaglesmarshall thundering herdmaryland terrapinsmemphis tigersmiami hurricanesmichigan state spartansmichigan wolverinesminnesota golden gophersmississippi state bulldogsmissouri tigersmontana grizzliesnavy midshipmennc state wolfpacknebraska cornhuskersnevada wolf packnorth carolina tar heelsnorthwestern wildcatsnotre dame fighting irishohio bobcatsohio state buckeyesoklahoma soonersoklahoma state cowboysole miss rebelsoregon ducksoregon state beaverspac-12 gearpenn state nittany lionspitt pantherspurdue boilermakersrutgers scarlet knightssec gearseton hall piratessmu mustangssouth carolina gamecockssouth florida bullssouthern miss golden eaglesstanford cardinalstephen f austin lumberjackssyracuse orangetemple owlstennessee volunteerstexas a&m aggiestexas christian horned frogs ...texas longhornstexas tech red raiderstulsa golden hurricaneucf knightsucla bruinsunlv runnin rebelsusc trojansutah utesutep minersvanderbilt commodoresvillanova wildcatsvirginia cavaliersvirginia tech hokieswake forest demon deaconswashington huskieswashington state cougarswest virginia mountaineerswisconsin badgerswyoming cowboysdon't see your team? view all 500+ ncaa teams >> nfl arizona cardinalsatlanta falconsbaltimore ravensbuffalo billscarolina pantherschicago bearscincinnati bengalscleveland brownsdallas cowboysdenver broncosdetroit lionsgreen bay packershouston texansindianapolis coltsjacksonville jaguarskansas city chiefsmiami dolphinsminnesota vikingsnew england patriotsnew orleans saintsnew york giantsnew york jetsoakland raidersphiladelphia eaglespittsburgh steelerssan diego chargerssan francisco 49ersseattle seahawksst. louis ramssuper bowl merchandisetampa bay buccaneerstennessee titanswashington redskins mlb arizona diamondbacksatlanta bravesbaltimore oriolesboston red soxchicago cubschicago white soxcincinnati redscleveland indianscolorado rockiesdetroit tigersflorida marlinshouston astroskansas city royalsl.a. dodgerslos angeles angels of anaheimmiami marlinsmilwaukee brewersminnesota twinsnew york metsnew york yankeesoakland athleticsphiladelphia philliespittsburgh piratessan diego padressan francisco giantsseattle marinersst. louis cardinalstampa bay raystexas rangerstoronto blue jayswashington nationals nba atlanta hawksboston celticscharlotte bobcatschicago bullscleveland cavaliersdallas mavericksdenver nuggetsdetroit pistonsgolden state warriorshouston rocketsindiana pacerslos angeles clipperslos angeles lakersmemphis grizzliesmiami heatmilwaukee bucksminnesota timberwolvesnew jersey netsnew orleans hornetsnew york knicksoklahoma city thunderorlando magicphiladelphia 76ersphoenix sunsportland trail blazerssacramento kingssan antonio spursseattle supersonicstoronto raptorsutah jazzwashington wizards nhl anaheim ducksatlanta thrashersboston bruinsbuffalo sabrescalgary flamescarolina hurricaneschicago blackhawkscolorado avalanchecolumbus blue jacketsdallas starsdetroit red wingsedmonton oilersflorida pantherslos angeles kingsminnesota wildmontreal canadiensnashville predatorsnew jersey devilsnew york islandersnew york rangersottawa senatorsphiladelphia flyersphoenix coyotespittsburgh penguinssan jose sharksst. louis bluestampa bay lightningtoronto maple leafsvancouver canuckswashington capitalswinnipeg jets nascar a.j. allmendingerandy lallyaric almirolaaustin dillonbrad keselowskibrian keselowskicarl edwardscasey mearsclint bowyerdale earnhardtdale earnhardt jr.danica patrickdarrell waltripdave blaneydavid gillilanddavid ragandavid reutimanndenny hamlingreg bifflej.j. yeleyjamie mcmurrayjeff burtonjeff gordonjimmie johnsonjoey loganojuan pablo montoyakasey kahnekevin harvickkurt buschkyle buschmarcos ambrosemark martinmartin truex jrmatt kensethpaul menardregan smithrichard pettyrobert richardson jr.ryan newmansteve wallacetony stewarttravis kvapiltrevor bayne soccer club teamsac milanarsenalbayern munichbarcelonabenficacelticchelseaclub americahamburginter milanjuventusliverpoolmanchester unitedreal madrid2010 world cup gearnational teamsargentinaaustraliabelgiumbrazilcroatiaenglandfinlandfrancegermanygreecehollandhungaryitalyjapankorea republicmexiconigeriaparaguayportugalromaniarussiaserbiasloveniasouth africaspainswedenturkeyukraineusa olympics mma more arena footballcollege outletnfl outletmlb outletnba outletnhl outlet help desk main menu help desk help home page customer service phone orders information faqs about us gift certificates our promise sizing chart jersey glossary product glossary shipping information payment information your order information your account login create account security/privacy information returns information contact information contact list faqs / quick answers home ordering why can't i add a product to my cart?where is my order? how do i cancel or change an order? how do i exchange an order? how do i return an order? your account why should i log in? how do i log in to my account or find my login information? how do i change my profile information? what is fan cash™? how do i use fan cash™? does fan cash™ ever expire? what is an account balance? inventory why can't i find this item? why can't i find my size? why don't you have more items for this team? payments, privacy and security what payment methods do you accept? what kind of security measures are there? what is your privacy policy? shipping can i ship to multiple locations?will my order be delivered to my po box if it was shipped ups basic? why do some items take longer to ship? what kind of packaging do you use? miscellaneous do you offer gift certificates? can i customize a college jersey? what is the largest size you carry? products what is a special event item? what is a manufacturer direct item? how do i care for this item? does this item have a warranty? do you price match? ordering why can't i add a product to my cart? our site uses javascript to make it more interactive. if you do not have javascript enabled, our site will not work properly and you may experience issues adding to cart and selecting a size, among others. how to enable javascript on the most popular browsers: internet explorer 5 and later: click tools, then click on internet options. click the security tab. click the custom level button. scroll to the scripting section. under active scripting, allow paste operations via script, and scripting of java applets, check enable. click ok button. firefox 3.6 and later: click the tools menu. select options. click the content tab. select the 'enable javascript' checkbox. click the ok button. google chrome: click the wrench icon on the browser toolbar. select options (preferences on mac and linux; settings on a chromebook). click the under the hood tab. click content settings in the "privacy" section. safari: open the safari menu (os x), or the "edit" menu (windows). (if the menu is not visible, press the alt key.) select "preferences…" in the preferences dialog box, click the security icon (a padlock). in the web content section, click the check box next to "enable javascript" so that a tick appears. (click again to remove the tick if you want to disable javascript.) close the preferences dialog box by clicking the red button at the top left (os x) or by clicking the x icon at the top right (windows). where is my order? please log in and track your order. how do i cancel or change an order? to cancel or change your order, or to change the shipping address or method for your order, contact customer service or fill out our contact form selecting the appropriate option from the drop-down menu. how do i exchange an order? see our exchanges section. how do i return an order? see our returns section. ^ back to top inventory why can't i find this item? if it isn't on the site, it isn't in stock. we don't accept orders for out-of-stock items; however, we add new items to the site daily, so please check back often. why can't i find my size? all available sizes for a particular item are displayed on the product detail page. if the item is no longer available in a certain size, that size is grayed out. if you click on a size that has been grayed out, you will be given an option to shop by size. why don't you have more items for this team? we expand our merchandise selection daily. we constantly search for new items to grow our site and we add merchandise all the time, so please check back regularly to see new items. ^ back to top shipping can i ship to multiple locations? if you wish to ship to more than one location, you will need to place an order for each individual shipping address. it is not possible at this time to input more than one shipping address per order. will my order be delivered to my po box if it was shipped ups basic?yes. if your order is shipped ups basic, ups provides the pickup, processing and transportation of your package; however, final delivery is completed by usps. why do some items take longer to ship? manufacturer direct items are shipped by the manufacturer. each manufacturer has agreed to ship within a specified time frame, which varies by manufacturer. the time frame needed to produce and ship the item is listed under the item's picture. expedited shipping is not available on these items. what kind of packaging do you use? the type of packaging varies based on the item. we assure you that we take the most careful approach to make sure your items arrive undamaged when shipped from our warehouse. ^ back to top products what is a special event item? special event items are items in extreme demand, such as championship merchandise. what is a manufacturer direct item? manufacturer direct items are items shipped to the customer directly from the designated manufacturer. how do i care for this item? the best policy is to follow the cleaning directions on the item label. does this item have a warranty? any warranty information will come in the packaging with your item. do you price match? we offer a low price guarantee on all of our officially licensed, branded products. if you see the exact same item advertised for a lower price on a competitor's website, simply call our dedicated low price guarantee team at 1-877-344-5748 with the information. more info ^ back to top your account why should i log in?logging in provides you with some great benefits: reviewing past orders tracking orders viewing your fan cash™ balance and account balance using your fan cash™ or account balance receiving information by selecting your favorite teams managing your address book - including setting default shipping and billing addresses how do i log in to my account or find my login information? to log in to your account, click on my account at the very top menu of our site. enter your email address and the password you created when you placed your first order. if you have forgotten your password, input your email address under the forgot password text box. your password will be sent to you via email. if you still cannot access your account, contact customer service. how do i change my profile information? once you are logged in to your account, you can select from several options on the menu on the left side of the page. from modify account you can change your email address or password. you also can select your favorite teams. by providing your team preferences, we can keep you informed about new products and information pertaining to your selected teams. the menu on the left also allows you to update your shipping or billing address, manage your address book, see your fan cash™ balance and contact customer service via email. when completed, click on update my profile at the bottom of the page. what is fan cash™? fan cash™ is a merchandise discount that can be used on our website and applied toward your future purchases. how do i use fan cash™? when you are ready to check out, log in with your username and password. your fan cash™ will be deducted from your subtotal during checkout. fan cash™ cannot be used for shipping expenses or sales taxes. remember, you can only use fan cash™ when you're logged in! does fan cash™ ever expire? yes. if an account with fan cash™ remains unused for 18 months, the fan cash™ is expired. what is an account balance? an account balance is like a store credit and can be redeemed as cash on the site. unlike fan cash™, an account balance can be used toward shipping expenses and sales tax. ^ back to top payments, privacy and security what payment methods do you accept? we accept credit cards or check cards featuring the below logo(s). we also offer google checkout and paypal. what kind of security measures are there? we use a state-of-the-art 128-bit encryption technology to protect your credit card/personal information. every online transaction you make with us will be 100% safe and secure. what is your privacy policy? protecting your privacy is important to . it is always your choice whether to provide personal information through the web site. any personal information you provide will be treated with care, and subject to this policy, will not be used or disclosed in ways to which you have not consented. also, you may opt-out of certain uses and disclosures of your personal information. view our privacy policy. ^ back to top miscellaneous do you offer gift certificates? yes, please visit the gift certificate page. can i customize a college jersey? we offer customized college jerseys for many teams. if we carry them for your team, the customized jerseys can be found in the jerseys department. you will be able to customize the jersey with a number and name of up to 12 characters. some restrictions apply. what is the largest size you carry? we pride ourselves on constantly expanding the variety and options of our merchandise. for women's merchandise, we carry up to size xxl, when available. view men's clothing in sizes up to 6xl/6xb. ^ back to top account informationorder statusmy account   |   sign outview cartworry free shoppingsafe shopping privacy policyfanatics experiencesite mapcustomer servicefaqshelpshippingreturnscall: 1-877-827-8965size chartinformation about us affiliate program gift cards fanatics rewards club corporate info careers follow usfacebooktwitteryoutubejoin us on google+we are fanatics © 2011 fanatics, llc. all rights reserved. no portion of this site may be reproduced or duplicated without the express permission of fanatics, llc.