来源URL: https://web.archive.org/web/20111228075951/http://www.fanatics.com/helpdesk/Privacy
================================================================================

privacy information home home my account |   sign out faqs customer service track my order shopping cart my cart ( 0 items ) $0.00 checkout now search for: search submit college air force falconsalabama crimson tideappalachian state mountaineersarizona state sun devilsarizona wildcatsarkansas razorbacksarmy black knightsauburn tigersboise state broncosboston college eaglesbyu cougarscal bearscincinnati bearcatsclemson tigerscolorado buffaloescolorado state ramsconnecticut huskiesduke blue devilseast carolina piratesflorida a&m rattlersflorida gatorsflorida state seminolesfresno state bulldogsga tech yellow jacketsgeorgetown hoyasgeorgia bulldogsgonzaga bulldogshawaii warriorsidaho vandalsillinois fighting illiniindiana hoosiersiowa hawkeyesiowa state cycloneskansas jayhawkskansas state wildcatskentucky wildcatslouisville cardinalslsu tigersmarquette golden eaglesmarshall thundering herdmaryland terrapinsmemphis tigersmiami hurricanesmiami university redhawksmichigan state spartansmichigan wolverinesminnesota golden gophersmississippi state bulldogsmissouri tigersmontana grizzliesnavy midshipmennc state wolfpacknebraska cornhuskersnevada wolf packnorth carolina tar heelsnorthwestern wildcatsnotre dame fighting irishohio bobcatsohio state buckeyesoklahoma soonersoklahoma state cowboysole miss rebelsoregon ducksoregon state beaverspac-12 gearpenn state nittany lionspitt pantherspurdue boilermakersrutgers scarlet knightssec gearseton hall piratessmu mustangssouth carolina gamecockssouth florida bullssouthern miss golden eaglesstanford cardinalstephen f austin lumberjackssyracuse orangetemple owlstennessee volunteerstexas a&m aggiestexas christian horned frogs ...texas longhornstexas tech red raiderstulsa golden hurricaneucf knightsucla bruinsunlv runnin rebelsusc trojansutah utesutep minersvanderbilt commodoresvillanova wildcatsvirginia cavaliersvirginia tech hokieswake forest demon deaconswashington huskieswashington state cougarswest virginia mountaineerswisconsin badgersdon't see your team? view all 500+ ncaa teams >> nfl arizona cardinalsatlanta falconsbaltimore ravensbuffalo billscarolina pantherschicago bearscincinnati bengalscleveland brownsdallas cowboysdenver broncosdetroit lionsgreen bay packershouston texansindianapolis coltsjacksonville jaguarskansas city chiefsmiami dolphinsminnesota vikingsnew england patriotsnew orleans saintsnew york giantsnew york jetsoakland raidersphiladelphia eaglespittsburgh steelerssan diego chargerssan francisco 49ersseattle seahawksst. louis ramssuper bowl merchandisetampa bay buccaneerstennessee titanswashington redskins mlb arizona diamondbacksatlanta bravesbaltimore oriolesboston red soxchicago cubschicago white soxcincinnati redscleveland indianscolorado rockiesdetroit tigersflorida marlinshouston astroskansas city royalsl.a. dodgerslos angeles angels of anaheimmiami marlinsmilwaukee brewersminnesota twinsnew york metsnew york yankeesoakland athleticsphiladelphia philliespittsburgh piratessan diego padressan francisco giantsseattle marinersst. louis cardinalstampa bay raystexas rangerstoronto blue jayswashington nationals nba atlanta hawksboston celticscharlotte bobcatschicago bullscleveland cavaliersdallas mavericksdenver nuggetsdetroit pistonsgolden state warriorshouston rocketsindiana pacerslos angeles clipperslos angeles lakersmemphis grizzliesmiami heatmilwaukee bucksminnesota timberwolvesnew jersey netsnew orleans hornetsnew york knicksoklahoma city thunderorlando magicphiladelphia 76ersphoenix sunsportland trail blazerssacramento kingssan antonio spursseattle supersonicstoronto raptorsutah jazzwashington wizards nhl anaheim ducksatlanta thrashersboston bruinsbuffalo sabrescalgary flamescarolina hurricaneschicago blackhawkscolorado avalanchecolumbus blue jacketsdallas starsdetroit red wingsedmonton oilersflorida pantherslos angeles kingsminnesota wildmontreal canadiensnashville predatorsnew jersey devilsnew york islandersnew york rangersottawa senatorsphiladelphia flyersphoenix coyotespittsburgh penguinssan jose sharksst. louis bluestampa bay lightningtoronto maple leafsvancouver canuckswashington capitalswinnipeg jets nascar a.j. allmendingerandy lallyaric almirolaaustin dillonbrad keselowskibrian keselowskicarl edwardscasey mearsclint bowyerdale earnhardtdale earnhardt jr.danica patrickdarrell waltripdave blaneydavid gillilanddavid ragandavid reutimanndenny hamlingreg bifflej.j. yeleyjamie mcmurrayjeff burtonjeff gordonjimmie johnsonjoey loganojuan pablo montoyakasey kahnekevin harvickkurt buschkyle buschmarcos ambrosemark martinmartin truex jrmatt kensethpaul menardregan smithrichard pettyrobert richardson jr.ryan newmansteve wallacetony stewarttravis kvapiltrevor bayne soccer club teamsac milanarsenalbayern munichbarcelonabenficacelticchelseaclub americahamburginter milanjuventusliverpoolmanchester unitedreal madrid2010 world cup gearnational teamsargentinaaustraliabelgiumbrazilcroatiaenglandfinlandfrancegermanygreecehollandhungaryitalyjapankorea republicmexiconigeriaparaguayportugalromaniarussiaserbiasloveniasouth africaspainswedenturkeyukraineusa olympics mma more arena footballcollege outletnfl outletmlb outletnba outletnhl outlet help desk main menu help desk help home page customer service phone orders information faqs about us gift certificates our promise sizing chart jersey glossary product glossary shipping information payment information your order information your account login create account security/privacy information returns information contact information contact list security | safe shopping assurance | privacy policy security/privacy home security we use state-of-the-art encryption technology to protect your credit card/personal information. you can place your order(s) using secure socket layer (ssl) encryption. digital certificates encrypt data using ssl technology, which is the industry-standard method for protecting web communications. the ssl security protocol provides data encryption, server authentication, message integrity and optional client authentication for a tcp/ip connection. because ssl is built into all major browsers and web servers, simply installing a digital certificate turns on their ssl capabilities. ssl comes in two strengths, 40-bit and 128-bit, which refer to the length of the "session key;" generated by every encrypted transaction. the longer the key, the more difficult it is to break the encryption code. fanatics uses 128-bit encryption. most browsers support 128-bit ssl sessions, which is trillions of times stronger than 40-bit sessions. to shop with us, you need to enable cookies on your browser. learn more about enabling cookies. ^ back to top safe shopping assurance every online transaction you make with fanatics will be 100% safe. under the fair credit billing act, your bank cannot hold you liable for more than $50 of fraudulent charges. in the event of unauthorized use of your credit card, you must notify your credit card provider in accordance with its reporting rules and procedures. ^ back to top web site privacy policy this version in effect since july 1, 2007 protecting your privacy is important to us. this policy explains how we collect, use and disclose the personal information you may provide while using this web site. it is always your choice whether to provide personal information through the web site. any personal information you provide will be treated with care, and subject to this policy, will not be used or disclosed in ways to which you have not consented. also, you may opt-out of certain uses and disclosures of your personal information, as explained in this policy. your consent 1. by using the web site, you signify your consent to our collection, use and disclosure of your personal information in accordance with this policy. information automatically collected 2. non-identifiable information - like many other web sites, the web site automatically collects certain non-identifiable information regarding web site users, such as the internet protocol (ip) address of your computer, the ip address of your internet service provider, the date and time you access the web site, the internet address of the web site from which you linked directly to the web site, the operating system you are using, the sections of the web site you visit, the web site pages read and images viewed and the content you download from the web site. this non-identifiable information is used for web site and system administration purposes and to improve the web site. we also may use non-identifiable information to initiate interactive, real-time discussions with users. your non-identifiable information may be disclosed to others and permanently archived for future use. 3. cookies - the web site uses cookies, a technology that installs a small amount of information on a web site user's computer to permit the web site to recognize future visits using that computer. cookies enhance the convenience and use of the web site. for example, the information provided through cookies is used to recognize you as a previous user of the web site, so you do not have to enter your personal information every time, offer personalized web page content and information for your use, track your activity at the web site to respond to your needs and otherwise facilitate your web site experience. you may choose to decline cookies if your browser permits, but doing so may effect your use of the web site and your ability to access certain features of the web site or engage in transactions through the web site. 4. tracking information - we may use non-personal information to create aggregate tracking information reports regarding the web siteâ??s user demographics, traffic patterns and purchases, and then provide those reports to advertisers and others. none of the tracking information in the reports can be connected to the identities or other personal information of individual users. fanatics also may link tracking information with personal information voluntarily provided by web site users. once such a link is made, all of the linked information is treated as personal information and will be used and disclosed only in accordance with this policy. personal information you specifically provide 5. your personal information - during your web site use, you may be asked to voluntarily provide certain personal information, such as your name, email address, postal address, telephone number or credit card information. this information is used to make communicating with you easier and to help you apply for access to certain special features of the web site or carryout transactions. it is always your choice whether to provide personal information, unfortunately, without providing the requested information, certain site features will not be accessible, and you will not be able to make any transactions through the site. 6. use of your personal information - we may use your personal information to contact and correspond with you, to respond to your inquiries, to process transactions and payments and to facilitate and enhance your use of the web site. we may develop a confidential customer profile for you, which will be used to provide the very best service to you. 7. emails from us - from time to time, we may send email, or other communications containing information about us or other matters that we believe will interest you. at any time you may ask us to stop sending you email and other information by contacting privacy@teamfanshop.com. we respect your privacy and do not sell, rent or abuse the customer email list. also, each email sent by us will tell you how to decline further emails. 8. children's online policy - we are committed to the preservation of online privacy for all of our web site visitors, including children. consistent with the children's online privacy protection act, we will not knowingly collect any personally identifiable information from children under the age of 13. we sell products intended for purchase by adults. if you make a purchase on our web site, you are representing that you are an adult. if you are a child under the age of 13, you must ask your parent or legal guardian to assist you in using the web site. 9. disclosure of your personal information - we may disclose your personal information in the following circumstances: (i) disclosure to service providers - in order to process transactions, we must disclose some of your personal information to certain service providers, such as your credit card issuer, a third-party credit verification company, the product handler, the delivery service, and teamfanshop, inc. before personal information is disclosed, the service provider will agree with us to protect the privacy of your personal information in a manner that is consistent with this policy. if you do not wish us to provide your personal information to those service providers, you may not use the web site for transactions. (ii) disclosure to affiliates - we may provide limited personal information to our affiliates. before personal information is disclosed, the recipient organization will agree with us to protect the privacy of your personal information in a manner that is consistent with this policy. recipient organizations may use your personal information to provide you with email or other information about their products and services and other matters. (iii) law enforcement and legal disclosure - we may disclose your personal information to a government institution that has asserted its lawful authority to obtain the information or where we has reasonable grounds to believe the information could be useful in the investigation of unlawful activity, or to comply with a subpoena or warrant or an order made by a court, person or body with jurisdiction to compel the production of information, or to comply with court rules regarding the production of records and information, or to our legal counsel. 10. accessing your personal information - you may request access to your personal information and information about our collection, use and disclosure of that information, by contacting privacy@teamfanshop.com. subject to certain exceptions prescribed by law, you will be given reasonable access to your personal information, entitlement to challenge the accuracy and completeness of the information and the ability to have it amended as is appropriate. you can help us maintain the accuracy of your information by notifying us of any changes to your personal information. other matters 11. contests and promotions - if contests or promotions are made available through the web site, the applicable contest or promotion rules may include rules regarding the collection, use and disclosure of personal information. to the extent that those specific rules conflict with this policy, the contest rules supersede this policy, regarding personal information collected in connection with the contest or promotion. 12. other web sites - the web site may contain links to other web sites or internet resources. when you click on one of those links you are contacting another web site or internet resource. we have no responsibility or liability for, or control over, those other sites or resources or, their collection, use and disclosure of your personal information. 13. former users - if you stop using the web site or your permission to use the web site is terminated, we may continue to use and disclose your personal information in accordance with this policy as amended from time to time. however, if you want us to stop sending you unsolicited email and other information, please notify us at shop@email.teamfanshop.com. 14. policy changes - to accommodate changes on the web site, changing technology and legal developments, we have the sole discretion to change this policy from time to time without any prior notice or liability to you or any other person. new versions of this policy will be posted here. our collection, use and disclosure of your personal information will be governed by the version of this policy in effect at that time. accordingly, when you use the web site you should check the date of this policy and review any changes since the last version. ^ back to top account information order status my account   |   sign out view cart worry free shopping safe shopping privacy policy fanatics experience site map customer service faqs help shipping returns call: 1-877-827-8965 size chart information about us affiliate program gift cards fanatics rewards club corporate info careers follow us facebook twitter youtube join us on google+ we are fanatics © 2012 fanatics, llc. all rights reserved. no portion of this site may be reproduced or duplicated without the express permission of fanatics, llc.