来源URL: https://web.archive.org/web/20241231221402/https://www.fanatics.com/returns-policy
================================================================================

what is your return policy? - fanatics-hd north america main site group skip to main contentskip to footersign up & save!auctionsgift cardstrack orderhelprewardsmy accountfancashlearn moreteamsnflcollegemlbnbanhlsoccerwwewnbanascarnflcollegemlbteamsnbanhlsoccerwwewnbanascarnbanhlsoccerwwewnbanascarcollectiblesmoresaleplayershow can we help you? back to home returns need to make a return? we’ve got your back! most unused merchandise can be returned up to 365 days from the item's ship date. *returns must be unworn with any original tags and labels intact. here are some exceptions: customized items are final sale and cannot be returned. see customized items below for how to recognize when an item is customized. manufacturer direct items must be returned within 30 days of the shipping date. see manufacturer direct items below for details on how to distinguish a manufacturer direct item from other products. international returns require a manual return. see manual return / international return below if the self-service process does not work for your order. return fee: there is a one-time $9.99 return fee to cover the shipping costs, which can be waived if you select a gift card refund. if there is an issue with your order, exceptions may apply. please see “what if there is an issue with my order?” below, under “frequently asked questions”. **some orders will require more than one shipment for return, but you will only be charged one return fee per order (you will not be charged per item returned). please note: we are unable to accept returns via the online portal for items that were purchased in-venue. in-venue purchases must be returned in venue. additionally, items that were purchased via the online store must be returns to the online store. select self-service return, manual return / international return, or gift return below for how-to guides on initiating returns. self-service return (u.s.) head to "track my order" at the top of the page. 1. pop in your order number, hit "continue", and you're on your way! 2. once you're in, tap "view order details", enter your email, and click "continue". 3. now, you’ll see the items on your order with prices and sizes. scroll down and hit "return items". 4. pick the items you want to send back and choose the most suitable return option (we’ll show you any costs here). you can read more about any return fees under "what is the return fee?" in "frequently asked questions" below. 5. take a quick look over your details and hit "process return"—a return label with further instructions will be emailed to you! pro tips: don’t have a printer? no worries! you can print your label at a library, post office, or ups store. **if you have a few items to return, they may be going to different places so multiple return labels will be sent to you. they will need to be shipped separately (at no additional cost). each return label has a bar code with the item number on it so you know which item should be sent with each label. see return label below for more details. manual return / international return this does not apply to manufacturer direct items, please see how do i return a manufacturer direct item manually or if i'm an international customer? below. 1. fill out the return form form (you might need acrobat reader to view it!) and print out to put in the package with your return items. 2. send the package prepaid through any carrier you like—just make sure it’s insured and save your receipt with tracking information. 3. ship it here: fanatics retail group returns 5811 eco parkway frazeysburg, ohio 43822 **important: save your tracking information and receipt. eligible returns will be processed within 10 days of receiving the return. after it has been processed, you can expect to receive the refund in your financial account in 2-7 business days. if it has passed all expected timeframes and you have not received your refund, please contact us. gift return we’ve got you covered! you can return gifts for an e-gift card emailed directly to you. to retrieve your return information, we will ask you for the following information: • your full name and email address • purchaser’s full name and email address • the item / items you would like to return we’ll handle the rest and send you a return label. (you may be asked for additional information, if it is needed for order verification.) manufacturer direct items these items come straight from the manufacturer. they ship within the u.s., but only certain manufacturer direct items can ship internationally. expedited shipping is not an option here and those items may be shipped separately. manufacturing direct items are indicated on the product page with the words “ships directly from a trusted partner” or “manufacturer direct item” in 2 places - one in green below the product title or under “shipping” in the product details. (see attached photos for reference.) heads up: custom items from the manufacturer are final sale—no changes, cancellations, or returns. customized items items that you personalize with your own words, select numbers, or select personalized options such as patches are considered customized items. these are made-to-order merchandise and may have a longer processing timeframe. all sales are final, and we cannot guarantee modifications or cancellations. if you have an unexpected issue with your customized order, please contact us as soon as possible. return label return labels are sent to the email address associated with your order or account. follow the instructions on the email to properly send your return. some items will be returned to different locations and will require more than one return label barcode. these will need to be shipped separately (at no additional cost). please follow the instructions closely. each return label has a bar code with the item number on it so you know which item should be sent with each label. if you did not receive the return label in an email to your inbox, spam, or junk folders after 24 hours, please contact us. return labels can expire, if yours has expired you may be able to initiate the return the same way you did before. if not, you can contact us and we will resend it to you. to avoid this extra step, we recommend sending the return shortly after setting up the label. *if you need your return label sent to a different email address than the one on your order, please contact us. frequently asked questions can i return multiple items in one package? some items need to be returned separately since they are being returned to different places. if you initiate returns for more than one item and multiple return labels are sent make sure you send the right item to the right place by checking the barcode on the return label and matching the item number on it to the one you are returning. you will not be charged a return fee per item, there is only a one time return fee per order. how do i resend the return label? first, we recommend seeing if your return label is still available and active in your email inbox. you may be able to reprint it from there. if you do not receive your return label after 24 hours, please contact us. return labels can expire, if yours has expired you may be able to initiate the return the same way you did before. if not, you can contact us and we will resend it to you. to avoid this extra step, we recommend sending the return shortly after setting up the label. *if you need your return label sent to a different email address than the one on your order, please contact us. what is the return fee? there is a one-time $9.99 return fee to cover the shipping costs. if there is an issue with your order, exceptions may apply. **some orders will require more than one shipment for return, but you will only be charged one return fee per order (you will not be charged per item returned). pro tip: when you’re setting up your return you can select the e-gift card option for a refund, and we’ll waive the $9.99 return label fee. are there any items that can’t be returned? yes! trading cards (whether encapsulated, loose, or boxed), game-used items, vintage gear, and anything customized or personalized are all final sale and can’t be returned. what are the conditions for returning items? items should be in their original condition, unworn or unused, with all tags and labels attached. they must be returned within the policy timeframe described above. if the returned items are not eligible, they will be donated to charity and won’t be refunded. how do i return a manufacturer direct item manually or if i'm an international customer? reach out to our fan services team, and they’ll help you get started with the return. can i exchange my item? we do not offer traditional exchanges. if your order is eligible for a gift card refund, then you can get a full refund emailed to you in the form of a gift card to avoid the return fee and order a replacement. what happens if i return items after the 365 day policy, or the 30-day policy for manufacturer direct items? we can’t accept returns after the return policy has passed, so these items will be donated to a charity. no refund, sorry! when will i get my refund? once we get your return, it takes about 10 business days for our team to receive and process the item. we’ll email you once it’s all set! it can take 2–7 business days for your refund to show up in your financial institution. if you select a gift card refund, it will be emailed to you within 24 hours of the return being processed. please make sure to check the email associated with your order, including junk and spam folders. if you need to check on your return, just use "track order" or "my account" the same way you started the return. no refund will be processed if the item is not eligible for return. non-eligible returns will be donated. (please review are there items that can’t be returned?, and what are the conditions for returning items? for more information.) **for refunds from international or manual returns, please see manual returns / international returns above. what if my order did not arrive as i expected (is missing or defective)? we are so sorry if you've run into any issues with your order. lost, damaged, or defective items must be reported within 45 days of the shipping date. please be aware that some items are shipped separately and may arrive at different times. for instructions on how to check an item’s shipping status, please refer to the order inquiries page. if the delivery window, plus 3 business days, has passed for one or more items, please review is my order lost or is my tracking link broken? below. if an item on your order is damaged or defective, you can use the self-service return process described above (self-service return) to return it for a refund. please make sure to select the best-suited reason for the return. the $9.99 return fee is on us! alternatively, you can contact our athletes at fan services for additional assistance within the 45-day timeframe. we want to make it right for you! is my order lost or is my tracking link broken? once shipped, orders in the u.s. and u.s. territories should arrive in the timeframe of your selected shipping method. occasionally, we have seen unexpected delays in the delivery stage that can take up to 3 additional business days. that means, for standard shipping, if you have not received your order 10 business days after it shipped, please notify our athletes at fan services. lost packages must be reported within 45 days of shipping. if your tracking link hasn’t updated, please allow 24 hours to give it time to update. rarely, tracking link issues can keep the order from updating at all. before we take additional steps and deem a package 'lost', we will need to allow the full delivery timeframe to pass. we appreciate your patience. the shipping or delivery date is available in the confirmation sent to your email or can be located from the “track order” link at the top of the page. report a lost package to our athletes, by contacting us. we are here to help! popular answersaccessibilityfanatics auctions faqsfancash plus faqgift card faqjersey assurance faqzip faqcustomer servicecontact ushelptrack my ordershippingsize chartgift cardszipworry free shoppingpromo terms and exclusionscoupons & promotionscustomer testimonialssafe shopping365-day returnsauthenticity verificationinformationabout usaffiliate programfanatics appfanatics mvpfancash+fanatics mvp cardfanatics livefanatics fest nyccorporate infocareersvolume salescontact ushelp365-day returnstrack my orderpromo terms and exclusionsauthenticity verificationfanatics mvpfancash+gift cardszipfanatics mvp cardget the appstay updated on sales, new items and more.sign up & save!follow usprivacy policyyour privacy choicesterms of useinterest-based advertisementmodern slavery and child labor statementsite mapshopping internationally? visit fanatics.co.uk© fanatics, llc., 2024. all rights reserved. no portion of this site may be reproduced or duplicated without the express permission of fanatics, llc.visamaster cardamexdiscoverfancardpaypalapple payrc: 5ae8ee4428b586e3vid: 84f9e3a0-ba1a-11ef-9588-21c5cfe2d1a2version: 1.1.0-rc-20241009-19.102623+qualified experiments #:15273:a:0:115465:b:1:115472:a:0:1namespaces:5:661:09:1494:010:4893:011:7749:02:4132:03:4294:04:4956:06:4307:07:1152:08:2793:0