来源URL: https://web.archive.org/web/20161011215023/https://www.1800gunsandammo.com/blogs/news
================================================================================

news - 1800gunsandammo.com shooting firearms pistols rifles shotguns lowers & frames ammunition handgun ammo rifle ammo rimfire ammo shotgun shells bulk ammo firearm parts barrels triggers ar uppers & kits conversion kits bcg's & bolts rifle components charging handles firearm maintenace accessories magazines gun grips buttstocks handguards muzzle devices gun slings choke tubes accessory rails storage holsters gun cases scabbards drag bags gun safes tactical & duty gear range gear belts bandoleers chest rigs leg rigs plate & soft armor carriers night vision hunting archery bows crossbows arrows & bolts arrow rests quivers broadheads releases bow sights arrow components clothing jackets shirts hoodies pants bibs shorts headwear packs & bags packs & bags bags shoulder bags drag bags range bags travel bags packs backpacks hydration packs pack accessories hunting gear knives & tools scopes trail cameras hunting blinds game calls decoys flashlights firearms ammunition optics scopes red dot scopes scope rings scope & sight mounts scope & sight bases scope & sight accessories sights iron sights reflex sights red dot sights laser sights sight magnifiers sport optics binoculars monoculars spotting scopes rangefinders trail cameras optic accessories optic cleaning tripods binocular accessories spotting scope accessories rangefinder accessories brands a b c d e f g h i k l m n o p r s t v w z my account continue shopping your cart is empty don't ever be afraid to shop for a firearm shooting ▾ firearms pistols rifles shotguns lowers & frames ammunition handgun ammo rifle ammo rimfire ammo shotgun shells bulk ammo firearm parts barrels triggers ar uppers & kits conversion kits bcg's & bolts rifle components charging handles firearm maintenace accessories magazines gun grips buttstocks handguards muzzle devices gun slings choke tubes accessory rails storage holsters gun cases scabbards drag bags gun safes tactical & duty gear range gear belts bandoleers chest rigs leg rigs plate & soft armor carriers night vision hunting ▾ archery bows crossbows arrows & bolts arrow rests quivers broadheads releases bow sights arrow components clothing jackets shirts hoodies pants bibs shorts headwear packs & bags packs & bags bags shoulder bags drag bags range bags travel bags packs backpacks hydration packs pack accessories hunting gear knives & tools scopes trail cameras hunting blinds game calls decoys flashlights firearms ammunition optics ▾ scopes red dot scopes scope rings scope & sight mounts scope & sight bases scope & sight accessories sights iron sights reflex sights red dot sights laser sights sight magnifiers sport optics binoculars monoculars spotting scopes rangefinders trail cameras optic accessories optic cleaning tripods binocular accessories spotting scope accessories rangefinder accessories brands ▾ a b c d e f g h i k l m n o p r s t v w z cart home / news /   page 1 of 9 news ruger sp101 review - part 2 by david link november 08, 2016 for both versions of the sp101, the upgrades for the new model clearly show ruger listens to their customers. the traditional black plastic panel grips were replaced with one piece rubber grips with beautiful rosewood inserts bearing the ruger logo. this offered a more comfortable grip and fuller feel to the shooter’s hand. the sights were completely changed for the better as well. the rear u shaped notch of the original model was replaced with a fully adjustable rear sight, while the simple front post sight was changed to a ramped unit containing a bright green fiber optic by the hi-vis company. read the full article on the 1800gunsandammo blog. view full article → ruger sp101 review – part 1 by david link november 07, 2016 with the introduction of the sp101, shooters were able to train with the hefty feel of a big bore gun without the cost and recoil of big bore calibers. this frame offered a handy revolver for the novice shooter and avid outdoorsman alike as a .22 kit gun. for the big bore shooter, the .22 lr version sp101 offered the exact sight alignment, sight picture and trigger pull as the .357 mag version. read the full article on the 1800gunsandammo blog. view full article → expectations can lead to disaster! by david link november 04, 2016 what you expect to happen is colored by your personal history, your background, training, and experience. around guns, your expectation can lead to all kinds of unexpected, and undesirable, results. expecting a gun to be unloaded – or loaded – when it is not is one example. read the full article on the 1800gunsandammo blog. view full article → hunting deer from the ground by david link november 02, 2016 hunting from the ground isn’t as perilous as many hunters think. after all, those that hunt in the western us often have no choice but to hunt from the ground, and you see plenty of great harvests come out of that region. so before you throw it out of your bag of tricks, let’s examine hunting from the ground in more depth. read the full article on the 1800gunsandammo blog. view full article → best gear for alligator hunting by david link october 31, 2016 since the popularity of the television show swamp people, hunters all across the country have become enamored with hunting alligators. in my home state of south carolina, hunting alligators is a lottery, and getting drawn is pretty much sketchy at best. in the nine years we have had a season, i have drawn a license twice and been successful once. but this does not deter the excitement of going on a hunt. read the full article on the 1800gunsandammo blog. view full article → caching and burying firearms by david link october 28, 2016 the idea of burying your guns underground seems crazy to some, but for many, it’s a logical decision to be evaluated, especially in today’s political climate. we imagine the founding fathers would adamantly support this decision even today. however you don’t just want to wrap your firearm in plastic, throw a few inches of dirt on it, and call it good. there are some careful choices to be made if you’re going to execute this serious backup plan. read the full article on the 1800gunsandammo blog. view full article → who we are by david link october 25, 2016 we’ve come a long way over the past 7 years, and we would like to share our story with you, the history of how 1800gunsandammo came to be. read the full article on the 1800gunsandammo blog. view full article → early goose gear by david link october 24, 2016 i prefer to hunt geese with the biggest possible weapon allowed, so i use a 3.5 inch 12 gauge. in the early season they are not very fat and their feathers have not completely filled in yet, so a good square head shot on a goose should usually do the job. that being said i like an ultra-tight choke tube because we do a lot of past shooting in the early season. read the full article on the 1800gunsandammo blog. view full article → shotgun slugs: a selection guide by david link october 21, 2016 it can be discouraging to find that slug hunting is not an exact science, at least the ballistics portion of the hunt. a successful slug gun setup requires matching the right gun to the proper rifled or smoothbore barrel, and of course you have find the right slug brand to shoot out of the setup as well. today we’ll concentrate on the latter, and dig a little deeper into shotgun slug selection. read the full article on the 1800gunsandammo blog. view full article → benelli super vinci packs unique style in a reliable shotgun by david link october 20, 2016 the benelli super vinci, another quality, dependable shotgun by benelli usa designed for those turkey and duck hunters who prefer to shoot magnum loads. i was able to field test this model on an arkansas duck hunt where it performed well and i found it to have reduced felt recoil with magnum loads. read the full article on the 1800gunsandammo blog. view full article → a little gun that could: the story of the m11 by david link october 19, 2016 so how did sig's little pistol find its way into dod armories? how does it compare to other sig designs? the primary difference from the p226 is its shorter slide and barrel and only one choice of cartridge (9x19mm parabellum.) normal m11 magazines have a 13 round capacity but 15 or 20 round p226 mags will work. with proper modification, beretta mags can be made to work as well. read the full article on the 1800gunsandammo blog. view full article → first look: sig ammunition by david link october 17, 2016 currently, this division of sig sauer is housed in an existing ammunition production facility in kentucky in which full time sig sauer employees load all the company’s initial caliber offerings. included in the launch of sig’s ammo are .380 acp, 9mm luger, .357 sig, .40 s&w and .45 acp in both full metal jacket target and jacked hollow point v-crown carry ammunition. read the full article on the 1800gunsandammo blog. view full article → ditch the concealed carry purse - part 3 by david link october 12, 2016 well, i still haven’t ditched the concealed carry purse.  i determined in part i and part ii that even though there are many different methods for women to conceal firearms on their person, very few of those methods would i recommend. read the full article on the 1800gunsandammo blog. view full article → handling game in extreme heat by david link october 07, 2016 bacteria will grow and grow fast, especially if the meat is kept at improper temperatures. if the meat is not properly cooked or preserved, there is an increased risk that these pathogens will be ingested, often resulting in foodborne illness. therefore, proper handling of game meat from the field to the table is extremely important. let’s look at some tactics of proper field care in extreme heat. read the full article on the 1800gunsandammo blog. view full article → starting from zero: how to get a range in your town! by alex greg october 05, 2016 it has happened. your community has grown to the point you can no longer shoot in your yard, or drive 5 minutes to find a spot. perhaps the atvers have taken over where you used to shoot, or urban sprawl has forced your hand. you need a range! this was the situation faced in the small community we live in, and here is a short guide on how to solve your problem. read the full article on the 1800gunsandammo blog. view full article → benelli super black eagle ii shotgun review by david link october 03, 2016 a reliable, all-around shotgun is valuable in any sportsman’s arsenal. in my research for the perfect shotgun that was proven for turkey hunting, duck hunting, upland game, and shooting sports, i ran across the benelli super black eagle ii. it was important to find a quality shotgun that was capable of cycling light target loads but still be able to handle steel shot for duck hunting and magnum loads for turkey hunting. read the full article on the 1800gunsandammo blog. view full article → bear hunting tips and strategy by david link september 30, 2016 bear hunting is my all-time favorite hunt. preparation starts a month prior to opening day. i study game cam pictures carefully. when the bears begin to visit our barrels, i start studying scat to find out what they’re eating. sighting in our rifles, moving tree stands and building ground blinds don’t wait until deer season at our house. there’s a lot to keep in mind when you’re hunting a predator as large as a bear read the full article on the 1800gunsandammo blog. view full article → heckler & koch vp9 review by david link september 27, 2016 as a long-time fan of hk firearms, i jumped at the chance to test and evaluate a sample of their vp9 chambered in the ever popular 9mm. over the past three months, i have regularly carried and shot this pistol and finally feel experienced enough with the vp9 to share my experience. read the full article on the 1800gunsandammo blog. view full article → dove hunting shotguns and shells by david link september 26, 2016 the speedy dove leaves thousands of confident shooters in dismay every year. make sure that you have a good shotgun and the right shell loads so that you can increase your hit/miss ratio this season! read the full article on the 1800gunsandammo blog. view full article → the ultimate ar optic? by david link september 23, 2016 the modularity and adaptability of today’s ar makes it an attractive target for armchair quarterbacks eager to dispense bank account-draining advice on accessories. quality optics can have a hefty price tag, but financial pain can be minimized by asking yourself a few serious questions before you purchase. read the full article on the 1800gunsandammo blog. view full article → ditch the concealed carry purse - part 2 by david link september 21, 2016 this article deals with something a little racier.  belly band, corset and compression clothing are items worn under clothing and developed as a result of women’s’ desire for something surreptitious.  unfortunately in advertisements, all the models wearing these items are young, slim, and well-proportioned.  very few women, myself included, have these physical attributes. read the full article on the 1800gunsandammo blog. view full article → prohibited by amazon: adjustable stocks by david link september 20, 2016 up next we turn our attention to prohibited stocks on amazon, namely adjustable stocks. amazon describes these items as “any non-fixed stock, including telescoping, folding and collapsible stocks.” adjustable stocks provide a wealth of advantages that fixed stocks simply do not. read the full article on the 1800gunsandammo blog. view full article → bullpup basics by david link september 15, 2016 bullpup - what an odd name for something that has nothing to do with either cattle or dogs. a bullpup is a rifle or shotgun, where the action lies behind the trigger group. this allows a long barrel in a short overall length firearm. read the full article on the 1800gunsandammo blog. view full article → italy’s ar: the beretta ar 70/90 by david link september 13, 2016 as for design specifics, the ar-70/90 is a gas operated, magazine fed, select fire. the receiver is a modern two piece sheet steel stamping connected by two cross pins fore and aft. like the ar-15 series, take down is affected by pushing out the rear pin and hinging (or completely separating) the receiver halves. read the full article on the 1800gunsandammo blog. view full article → subscribe sign up to get the latest on sales, new releases and more … recent articles ruger sp101 review - part 2 november 08, 2016 ruger sp101 review – part 1 november 07, 2016 expectations can lead to disaster! november 04, 2016 hunting deer from the ground november 02, 2016 best gear for alligator hunting october 31, 2016 caching and burying firearms october 28, 2016 who we are october 25, 2016 early goose gear october 24, 2016 shotgun slugs: a selection guide october 21, 2016 benelli super vinci packs unique style in a reliable shotgun october 20, 2016 1 2 3 … 9 next » information about us contact us customer service us shipping international orders and shipping export policy order cancelation returns / exchanges / refunds prices / sales tax / content policies secure ordering / privacy policy featured collections pistols rifles shotguns ammo clothing scopes packs range gear our mission deliver an unforgettable experience to our customers from purchase to usage. live out the passions we have for shooting sports and the outdoors and share these experiences with those we love. change the lives of the people around us for the better by creating opportunities in their communities. news & updates sign up to get the latest on sales, new releases and more … © 2016 1800gunsandammo.com. x