来源URL: https://web.archive.org/web/20160708162110/https://www.bootbay.com/blog/
================================================================================

bootbay.com blog javascript seems to be disabled in your browser. you must have javascript enabled in your browser to utilize the functionality of this website. 800.930.3668 mon. - thurs. 9:00am - 4:00pm est friday 9:00am - 3:00pm est free shipping* & free exchanges - every pair. everyday. menu search account compare welcome to bootbay.com search: search cart you have no items in your shopping cart. compare you have no items to compare. account wishlist blog log in sign up menu women's casual bootsshoessandalsshop allequestrian shop alloutdoor athleticduck/pac bootshikinghuntingmotorcyclerubber bootssandalsshop allsafety comp toemetatarsal guardssteel toeshop allwestern exoticsfashionropershop allwork slip resistantuniformwaterproofshop allgearshop allmen's casual bootsshoessandalsshop alloutdoor athleticduck/pachikinghuntingmotorcyclerubber bootssandalsshop allduck/pac bootssafety comp toemetatarsal guardssteel toeshop allwestern exoticropersshop allwork slip resistantuniformwaterproofshop allgearshop allkid's bootsshoessandalsshop allbrands our brandsabileneahnuamerican westariatasoloavengerbatesbellevillebogsboottightsbouletbrahmacarharttcarolinacaterpillarchacochippewacorcorancrazy creekdan postdannerdarntoughdingodouble hdurangoearthenofilsonfitsflorsheimfryegeorgiagrand trunkharleyhoka one onehunterhushpuppieshydro flaskhytestice muleiron agejohn deerejustinjowkavukeenlacrosselaredolucchesemagnummatterhornmcraemegacomfortmerrellmojimuckmuk luknaotnautilusnoconaolukaipuma safetyreebokreefrockport worksrockysagesanuksebagosorelsperrystanleystetsonthorogoodtimberlandtimberland protin haultony lamatwisted xuggunder armourvionicwolverineyetiwestern shop western boots now.men'swomen'skid'sshop allsafety safety boots and shoescomp toemetatarsal guardsteel toeshop allwork work boots and shoessafety comp toemetatarsal guardsteel toeshop allnot safety slip resistantuniformslip resistant safetyshop alluniform shoesbootsshop alloutdoor outdoor boots and shoesathleticduck/pac bootshikinghuntingmotorcyclerubber bootssandalsshop allcasual casual boots and shoesbootsshoessandalsshop allgear get your gear here!beltshandbagsluggageoutdoor/campingshoe accessorieswalletsshop all sale home blog bootbay.com blog just another wordpress site stop. hammock time. springtime is here, which means that it's getting warm enough to spend the afternoons and evenings outdoors! if you are anything like me, there is nothing more relaxing than laying in a hammock, rocking in the sun, and reading a good book....or just sleeping...that's fun too. so, since i am in the "i-need-to-relax-before-i-scream" mode, i decided to have a little fun and comprise a list of 10 amazing facts about hammocks that have probably never heard before. here we go: 1. national hammock day is a real thing july 22nd is the day that everyone should take a break from life and enjoy the ultimate symbol of relaxation and comfort. that day isn't too far away, so now is the time to get your #eno hammock, which is a leader in the industry for comfort and portability, or with the #grandtrunk hammock that is stylish and affordable! 2. mayans get the credit those mayans sure were a clever group, weren't they?! they developed the year-round calendar, gave chocolate its own god years before europeans even knew if its existence, and created the hammock! since hammocks were originally woven from the hammack tree, which is native to latin america, i think it's safe to say that we know the origin of the name. 3. you sleep better and deeper science has proven that the actual physics of the hammock is what makes you sleepy, not the serenity of your location or landscape. the rocking motion of the hammock encourages you to feel more like a baby being nursed by your mother, which creates a deep and completely satisfying sleep. 4. north carolina is home to the largest at over 42 feet long and woven from over 10,000 feet of rope, this giant hammock can hold up to 800 pounds, so the whole family can get in on the fun! 5. christopher columbus introduced hammocks to europe although most famous for discovering the americas, columbus also copied the hammocks that he saw the indians sleeping in and transported the idea back to europe in the 15th century. 6. hammocks in the workplace feeling rested is a key factor for higher productivity levels in employees.  so, what could be any better than taking that afternoon nap in a hammock at work? this concept is on the rise for several of the world's companies. 7. a hammock in the sky probably one of the most terrifying ideas for acrophobia is the hammock over a massive canyon in utah that is hangs 492 feet above the ground. just google it. the pictures are crazy! 8. ferrets prefer hammocks as well yes, i mean the little weasel-like creatures. it allows them to curl-up in their favorite sleeping position, which resembles a doughnut, and being suspended relieves pressure from their joints and bones, which would otherwise come into contact with harder surfaces. to sum it up, hammocks are just comfortable. 9. hammocks are good for your health to give the brain optimal blood circulation rather than congestion, and to encourage less obstructed breathing, hospital beds are designed to lay the patients on their backs while slightly elevating their heads. interestingly enough, this is the same that hammocks provide. 10. some hammocks are simply trash, but we don't sell those. i mean this in a good way. you can collect around 500 plastic bags and do your bit to save the planet. with a little man-power, you can weave your own hammock! hey before you go check out our hammocks! click here happy relaxing! -heather this entry was posted in outdoor, new, uncategorized and tagged facts, camping, outdoors, grand trunk, relax, hammock, eno on april 6, 2016 by heather mcdaniel. hoka one one: for the runner in all of us with the flowers blooming and allergies stirring, you can tell that springtime has arrived! the fresh air and constant sniffles is a great reminder that bikini season is just around the corner! so, if you're like me, its time to lose the winter coat and shed a few pounds before sunbathing on the beach. although it's not my favorite exercise, running is one of the best ways to get your heart rate up and lose some weight. running tones your thighs, calves, and glutes (who doesn't want a better one of those?!), and it can also help to strengthen your core muscles. now, if you have ever ran in your life, whether it was required for junior high gym class or the ice cream truck was getting away, you know that having good support and cushion are key factors in performance. that's where hoka one one, comes in! hoka one one is committed to the development and creation of the best running shoes for all terrains and races. because there are a lot of factors that go into making the best running shoes, hoka has designed two shoe lines that can adhere to every runners' needs, known as neutral and dynamic stability. the neutral line of products allow for maximum cushioning and performance. the max cushion shoes feature the highest volume of cushioning material that allow for a springy, responsive ride. the neutral line also contains the lightweight shoes, which allow for a lighter shoe without skimping on cushion and support. the dynamic stability line is designed for increased stability on whatever terrain you're running on, whether it be track, rocks, or just somewhere off the beaten path. this line has also created a groundbreaking blend of running and hiking shoes (tor ultra hi and tor summit) to help runners dominate mountainous areas. they are designed to increase stability on uneven terrain while still providing comfort and support. so, now that you know the difference between hoka one one shoes, check-out our website and find the best pair for you! drop a comment below and tell us where your favorite place to run is! -heather this entry was posted in hoka, new, hiking, outdoor footwear, uncategorized and tagged stability, new, spring, hoka, hoka one one, running on march 30, 2016 by heather mcdaniel. for the outsiders hello all! as many of you know, the new 2016 merrells have arrived! now, although we have a huge selection of merrell sandals and hiking/trail runners, the new capra collection is really something to hoot and holler about! check it out: some might be wondering what in the world "capra" means (i know i asked!). well, it is actually a type of goat....yes, a goat. known for its excellent climbing skills, the capra mountain goat is nature's ultimate climber, they live in higher elevations, like the rocky mountains, south dakota, colorado, etc. because they possess special hooves, they can climb steep mountain sides with little issue, which is why they usually live in areas that are 3,200-16,500 feet about sea level.* so, the capra collection allows you to be one with the goat: you can remain sure-footed on climbs and can withstand uneven terrain longer. so, the capra collection is available for men and women (yay for equality!). the possess a fluid fit, which is a lightweight, flexible, and secure lace-to-toe design that has a stratafuse™ exoskeleton that moves with your foot. the grip is also something that merrell should be proud of. insipred by (you guessed it) goat hooves, the vibram® megagrip keeps you sure-footed on uneven and mixed terrains, giving you excellent grip without compromising durability. lastly, these puppies are comfortable! they have this technology infused in the midsole called unifly™, which cushions your foot and helps to absorb the terrain. since they fit firmly against your foot, stability and agility is nothing to worry about. so, for all of the hikers and outsiders out there, check out the new capra collection from merrell! until next time, heather *http://www.livescience.com/52540-goat-facts.html this entry was posted in new, hiking, merrell, outdoor footwear on march 28, 2016 by heather mcdaniel. chaco culture: the need-to-knows at this point in life, almost everyone knows what chacos are. whether you own a pair yourself, are looking into purchasing some, or are just curious about the brand, boy, is this is blog for you! today, i will cover several topics related to chacos, like what they are, proper care, why people are so obsessed with them, and things of that nature. for the adventurer! chacos were born on a colorado river in 1989 by a rafting guide who was just plain tired of constantly losing his shoes in the river. so, he developed the sandal that possesses webbing straps that pass through the midsole of the shoe and wrap around the wearer's foot. it's almost like a seatbelt for your feet! from personal experience, i can say that chacos will stay nice and snug, whether you're tubing and take a tumble over some rocks or fall down a flight of stairs on your way to class. these sandals are designed for those who are outdoor-minded. they are simple and versatile, provide long-lasting comfort and support, come in about 1,000 different colors and designs, and are super durable. styles for all! so, for the most part, people seem to recognize chacos based on the "z" design of the straps across ones foot... or by those crazy tan lines that chacos give you! there are 4 main styles of the z-series of chacos: classics, z-cloud, z-volv, and updraft. classics: the original chaco that started it all. it has the patented luvseat© footbed that provides support for every bone and muscle in the foot, as well as ensuring that your natural body anatomy is aligned correctly. the classics are also available is various silhouettes (shapes of the straps) and webbing options (colors and designs). z-cloud: a step above the classics, this style contains a pillow-top plush layer for added comfort. these are perfect for hiking or sightseeing through a new city. z-volv:  also with the luvseat© footbed, this style has the lightest construction of them all and are also constructed using 25% recycled rubber compound for those who are making moves to save the planet. updraft: offers the right balance of support and doesn't take long to get broken-in to your foot. also lightweight, this one provides lasting comfort and support. chaco also has several accessories for those who just can't get enough of their webbed straps and designs. available in belts (belt buckels double as bottle openers), wrist wraps (made in the usa), dog collars (adjustable and durable) and dog leashes (6' in length and can fit around your waist for hands-free walking). chaco lovers, unite! fun fact: since 2010, the rechaco program has repaired more than 300,000 pairs of sandals, which has saved hundreds of thousands of pounds of waste from entering landfills. the rechaco program allows for chaco wearers to have their beloved sandals repairs, whether it be resoling outsoles, shorten/lengthen straps, or replace webbing or buckles (all for a small fee), the rechaco team can repair most styles of chacos. only the following styles can be repaired: z/1, z/2, zx1, zx2, and zx3. now, we all know that sandals and get pretty stinky and dirty depending on where and how often they are worn. so, here is a quick guide on cleaning your chacos: wash with a load of laundry with mild detergent or baking soda and water. (no bleach) do not wash in the dishwasher- heat can damage the adhesives on the soles. air dry away from a heat source. for the straps: wet the straps with water, squirt some fabric softener into the slot for each strap, and pull back and forth (loosen and tighten) to clear gunk out. three core values draw chaco lovers together: adventure, travel, and community. these are the values that chaco nation lives everyday. whether you are constantly seeking purposeful and epic experiences, broadening your horizons in the remote wilderness or far-off lands, or are compelled to interact and connect with others, the chaco nation is where you belong! -heather this entry was posted in outdoor footwear, chaco, sandals and tagged adventure, cleaning, rechaco, styles, chacos on march 16, 2016 by heather mcdaniel. the heart of bootbay hey y'all! welcome to bootbay, an online retailer for all of your boot stompin' and fashion wearin' needs! with over 3,500 styles of the most popular and best quality brands, we can guarantee that we will have what you are looking for, whether it be western boots for your new sundress (hello spring and summertime!), or hiking boots for your next journey up a mountain. since we are in the business of shoes, we want to deliver the most updated information of how to fit boots properly, the latest fashion trends, new and cool merchandise and so much more. so, at least once a month (but probably more often), we will be posting a new video/post about what is important to all of us: shoes! here is a little history on us: located in the rolling mountains of east tennessee, bootbay began in 1982 as a brick and mortar store, eventually growing into a boot empire with 7 retail locations across tennessee. the main goal of beginning the business was to bring some southern hospitality to those big corporations that were running the retail industry. since the industry is known to be so aggressive and competitive, we aimed at being a big contender for our regional areas, teaching the larger, better-branded companies that with some southern charm and class, you can run with the big boys! in 2001, we decided to branch out from our tennessee roots and expand to the large world of the internet with bootbay.com. our group of women, known as the "bootbabes," are in charge of providing exceptional customer service and improving website navigation, while also (and most importantly) providing input on the hottest items for the seasons and ensuring that those items remain in stock for our favorite customers, which can soon be you! perks and to-do's: like i said, you can soon become one of our favorites! all you have to do is sign up for our bootbay e-club! this will allow you to get the latest news about our inventory, special pricing, and so many more goodies! we know that we wouldn't even exist without you fine folks, so we strive to take good care of all of our customers, whether it's their first purchase or their eighty-seventh! we have also decided that in this social media-ran world, you just won't survive without having a great collection of selfies on hand. so, we want to see your best boot selfies! just send your selfie with your new bootbay boots to info@bootbay.com , and become famous on our soon-to-be available gallery of selfies! as a thank you, we will send you a $10 starbucks gift card (so be sure to include your address, maybe a phone number, and any other personal information you want us to know)! keep coming back for the latest news and information! also, send me any questions or comments and i will answer as quickly as i can! -heather this entry was posted in about us on march 10, 2016 by admin. 5 item(s) search search recent posts stop. hammock time. hoka one one: for the runner in all of us for the outsiders chaco culture: the need-to-knows the heart of bootbay recent comments admin on the heart of bootbay chua rung toc on the heart of bootbay archives april 2016 march 2016 categories about us chaco hiking hoka merrell new outdoor outdoor footwear sandals uncategorized meta entries rss wordpress.org magento magento wordpress integration magento extensions our company about us shipping contact us company policy privacy policy terms and conditions customer center my account wishlist returns & exchanges site map faq corporate address bootbay.com 3911 western ave knoxville, tn 37921 (800) 930-3668 office hours customer service hours: mon. - thurs. 9:00am - 4:00pm est friday 9:00am - 3:00pm est