来源URL: https://web.archive.org/web/20121012004610/http://www.microsoft.com/en-us/download/details.aspx?id=25175&WT.mc_id=MSCOM_EN_US_HP_MODWORK_131Z4ENUS22349
================================================================================

download: mdt 2012 update 1 - microsoft download center - download details onemscomblade,onemscomsearch,onemsomnav,onemscomsocial,onemscomfooter, warning: this site requires the use of scripts, which your browser does not currently allow.see how to enable scripts. products menu windowsofficexboxwindows phoneinternet explorerfor homesecurity essentialsmicrosoft updatepc hardwarepc gamingfor worksmall & medium businessesit specialist locatorenterpriseserver & toolstop destinationsdownload centermicrosoft storemicrosoft supportmicrosoft home pageall microsoft sites search download center search microsoft.com search the web united states this site in other countries/regions: aforika borwa - setswana(south africa) australia - english belgië - nederlands belgique - français bosnia and herzegovina botswana - setswana brazil - portuguese brunei darussalam - malay canada - english canada - français česká republika - čeština denmark - danish deutschland - deutsch estonia - estonian egypt - english france - français frantzia - euskara españa - español galicia - galician espanya - català hong kong sar - english hrvatska - hrvatski india - english indonesia - bahasa indonesia iningizimu afrika - isizulu ireland - english éire - ireland ísland - íslenska italia - italiano latvija - latviešu lietuva - lietuvių magyarország - magyar malaysia - malay malta - maltese méxico - español nederland - nederlands new zealand - english new zealand - māori nigeria - igbo nigeria - yoruba norge -bokmål österreich - deutsch peru - quechua polska - polski portugal - português românia - română rwanda - kinyarwanda saudi arabia - english schweiz - deutsch senegal - wolof shqipëria - albanian singapore - english slovenija - slovenščina slovenská republika – slovenčina south africa - english suid-afrika - afrikaans suisse - français suomi - finnish sverige - svenska switzerland - romansh türkiye - türkçe umzantsi afrika - isixhosa united kingdom - english việt nam- vietnamese ελλάδα - ελληνικά беларусь - български беларусь - беларуская кыргызстан - kyrgyz қазақстан - kazakh македонија, пјрм – македонски россия - русский россия - tatar україна - українська հայաստան - հայերեն საქართველო - georgian ישראל - עברית ليبيا - العربية ایران भारत - मराठी भारतम् - हिंदी বাংলাদেশ - বাংলা ভাৰত - অসমীয়া ভারত - বাংলা ભારત - ગુજરાતી ഭാരതം - ಕನ್ನಡ ಭಾರತ -ಕನ್ನಡ ଭାରତ - ଓଡ଼ିଆ இந்தியா - தமிழ் భారత దేశం - తెలుగు ഭാരതം - മലയാളം اُردو - پاکستان ශ්‍රී ලංකා ไทย - ไทย ລາວ - ສ.ປ.ປ. ລາວ ខ្មែរ - កម្ពុជា አማርኛ - ኢትዮጵያ 대한민국 - 한국어 中国 - 简体中文 台灣 - 繁體中文 日本 - 日本語 香港特別行政區 - 中文 microsoft.com worldwide products menu windowsofficexboxwindows phoneinternet explorerfor homesecurity essentialsmicrosoft updatepc hardwarepc gamingfor worksmall & medium businessesit specialist locatorenterpriseserver & toolstop destinationsdownload centermicrosoft storemicrosoft supportmicrosoft home pageall microsoft sites store downloads support sign in products windowsall windows downloadswindows 7windows vistawindows xpwindows media playerwindows liveall downloadsofficeall office downloadsoffice 2010office clip art & templatesoffice service packsoffice 365more productswindows phonewindows mobilexbox & gameswindows internet explorerskypemicrosoft dynamicsvisual studioit professional softwaremice & keyboardswebcamscloud services categories downloads by categoryall downloadsdriversservice packssecurity updatescompatibility & converterstemplatesdeveloper resourcesit professional resourcesextensions security security & updatesvirus & malware protectionsecurity updates & toolsservice packsmicrosoft updateit pro security updates & toolsparental controls support product supportmicrosoft updatemicrosoft support homeknowledge basemicrosoft forumsdownload center resourcesnotificationsworldwide download centersshare downloadsfaqrss feeds microsoft deployment toolkit (mdt) 2012 update 1 shareemailhotmailbloggeraolfacebook quick links overview system requirements instructions additional information looking for support? visit the microsoft support site now > microsoft deployment toolkit (mdt) 2012 update 1 is the newest version of mdt, a solution accelerator for operating system and application deployment. mdt 2012 update 1 supports deployment of windows 8, windows 7, office 2010 and 365, windows server 2012, and windows server 2008 r2 in addition to deployment of windows vista, windows server 2008, windows server 2003, and windows xp. quick details version: 6.1.1 date published: 9/19/2012 language: english files in this download the links in this section correspond to files available for this download. download the files appropriate for you. file name size microsoftdeploymenttoolkit2012_x64.msi 23.8 mb download microsoftdeploymenttoolkit2012_x86.msi 23.3 mb download optional - mdt 2012 print-ready documentation.zip 10.4 mb download release notes.docx 1.2 mb download whats new in mdt guide.docx 115 kb download overview deploy windows and office 2010 with microsoft deployment toolkit 2012 update 1. mdt is the recommended process and toolset for automating desktop and server deployment. mdt provides you with the following benefits: unified tools and processes, including a set of guidance, for deploying desktops and servers in a common deployment console. reduced deployment time and standardized desktop and server images, along with improved security and ongoing configuration management. some of the key changes in mdt 2012 update 1 are: added support for windows 8 and windows server 2012. support for system center 2012 configuration manager sp1 ctp: added support in mdt for deploying windows 8 and windows server 2012 with configuration manager 2012 sp1 ctp, while supporting all new configuration manager functionality (offline bitlocker, uefi, and assessment and deployment kit). support for dart 8 beta: updated mdt to support dart 8 for windows 8 deployments, while continuing to support dart 7 for windows 7 deployments. added dart support for configuration manager scenarios. new “build your own pages” user-driven installation (udi) feature: enhanced the udi wizard and designer to enable it pros to design their own wizard pages with little effort. new system center 2012 - orchestrator support: provided the ability to add steps into an os deployment task sequence to execute orchestrator runbooks as part of the deployment process. other improvements: added support for windows powershell 3.0, reworked roles and features installation logic for windows 8, improved “boot from vhd” deployment scenarios, and added support for configuration manager monitoring. choosing the right version mdt is available for x86 and x64 platforms. select the version that corresponds with your host hardware type. both versions of mdt 2012 support deployment of x86 and x64 windows operating systems. the original release of mdt 2012 update 1 was version 6.1.2369.0 (version 6.1 on this page), available for download on august 16, 2012. it added support for system center 2012 configuration manager rtm, windows 8 rtm, and windows server 2012 rtm products. it can be identified as build 6.1.2369.0 in the mdt workbench console and in the installer program properties. mdt 2012 update 1 version 6.1.2373.0 (version 6.1.1 on this page) was made available for download on september 19, 2012 and adds support for system center 2012 configuration manager cu1 and system center 2012 configuration manager sp1 beta. it can be identified as mdt build 6.1.2373.0 in the mdt workbench console or in the installer program properties. this is the latest version and we recommend all users run the latest version when they can to ensure the smoothest experience during future upgrades. the what's new in mdt 2012 guide and release notes are available as separate downloads on this page for those who want to quickly evaluate mdt 2012. the full package of guidance is available in .chm format as part of the toolkit. for those who want it in word format, a separate download is available in the files in this download list. send questions or feedback about mdt 2012 directly to us via http://connect.microsoft.com/. top of page system requirements supported operating systems: windows 7, windows server 2003 r2 enterprise edition (32-bit x86), windows server 2003 r2 standard edition (32-bit x86), windows server 2008 r2, windows server 2008 service pack 2, windows thin pc, windows vista service pack 2, windows xp service pack 3 supported operating systems the mdt can deploy: windows 8, windows 7, windows server 2012, windows server 2008 r2, windows vista service pack 2, windows server 2008 service pack 2, windows server 2003 r2, windows xp service pack 3, windows embedded posready 7, windows thin pc * mdt 2012 can be installed on windows 8 or windows server 2012, used with the windows 8 assessment and deployment kit (adk). adk usage is required for windows 8 and windows server 2012 deployments. microsoft management console (mmc) 3.0 is required to run the workbench and view the documentation on windows xp. note mmc 3.0 is included in windows server 2012, windows server 2008 r2, windows server 2008, windows server 2003 r2, windows 8, windows 7, and windows vista. mdt 2012 update 1 relies on several windows deployment tools. after installation of the .msi package and startup of the deployment workbench, the user can choose to automatically download and install the following major tools from the components: windows 8 assessment and deployment kit windows automated installation kit application compatibility toolkit msxml 6.0 microsoft word or word viewer (available as a free download) can be used to view word documents microsoft office compatibility pack for word, excel, and powerpoint file formats (available as a free download) can be used to open, edit, and save documents, workbooks, and presentations in the file formats new to microsoft office. top of page instructions to start the download, select a file from the list of files in this download and then click download. to run the .msi file from its current location, click run. accept the microsoft software license terms. follow the steps in the installation process to complete the installation. to start deployment workbench, look in all programs in the start menu for microsoft deployment toolkit. or, to save the .msi file to your computer for later installation, click save. save the contents of the .zip file to your computer by clicking open and then extracting the guidance to the location of your choice. top of page additional information solution accelerators are free, scenario-based guides and automations designed to help it professionals who are proactively planning, deploying, and operating it systems using microsoft products and technologies. solution accelerator scenarios focus on security and compliance, management and infrastructure, and communication and collaboration. get the solution accelerator notifications newsletter subscribe to the solution accelerator notifications newsletter so that you can stay informed about new solution accelerator releases and updates. the newsletter covers such areas of interest as communication & collaborationsecurity, data protection, & recoverydeploymentoperations & management you may also receive invitations to participate in accelerator development via beta programs and customer surveys. solution accelerator notifications is currently available in english only. top of page related resources microsoft deployment toolkit team blog› windows 7 deployment guide› microsoft system center› mdt and bdd archive› related downloads business desktop deployment (bdd) and microsoft deployment toolkit (mdt) archive› springboard series windows 7 it pro work template: windows 7 deployment plan› windows 7 deployment options for small and midsize businesses› what others are downloading the windows® automated installation kit (aik) for windows® 7› microsoft assessment and planning toolkit› windows assessment and deployment kit (adk) for windows® 8› the windows® automated installation kit (aik) supplement for windows® 7 sp1› microsoft application compatibility toolkit 5.6› remote server administration tools for windows 7 with service pack 1 (sp1)› other microsoft sites windows office windows phone xbox skype bing microsoft store windows downloads all windows products windows 7 windows xp internet explorer all office products office 2010 office clip art & templates security security updates & tools virus & malware microsoft update all downloads drivers service packs security updates & tools popular resources free antivirus software malware removal tool windows 7 home premium microsoft office academic edition laptops and desktop computers windows phone devices windows phone apps and games xbox 360 4gb with kinect cloud computing solutions microsoft dynamics online crm ©2012 microsoftmanage your profileworldwide downloadsfree newslettershare downloadscareersmanage profilescontact usterms of usetrademarksprivacy statement