来源URL: https://web.archive.org/web/20181126002355/https://www.microsoft.com/en-us/p/xbox-game-pass/cfq7ttc0k6l8/0001
================================================================================

buy xbox game pass - microsoft store skip to main content microsoft store store store home deals devices surface xbox pc & tablets pc gaming vr & mixed reality accessories phones connected life software office windows windows apps windows phone apps adobe software software for mac software support games & entertainment xbox games pc games (disc) windows digital games windows phone games movies & tv books holiday black friday sneak peek gift guide gifts under $100 gaming gifts gifts for the home store locations gift cards more students & parents business solutions software devices surface all access for business small business tips military software support all microsoft office windows surface xbox deals support software windows apps onedrive outlook skype onenote pcs & devices pcs & tablets accessories vr & mixed reality microsoft hololens entertainment xbox games pc games windows digital games movies & tv books business microsoft azure microsoft dynamics 365 microsoft 365 windows server data platform shop for business developer & it .net visual studio windows dev center docs other microsoft store microsoft rewards free downloads & security students & parents store locations gift cards view all search cancel 0 cart en en - english es - español sign in xbox game pass pick a gift xbox game pass 3 month - $29.97 xbox game pass 6 month - $59.94 continue cancel xbox game pass microsoft corporation get unlimited access to over 100 xbox one and xbox 360 games on xbox one for one low monthly price. with new games added every month, you’ll always have something new to play. $9.99/month $1.0090% off • 49 days left xbox game pass 14 day free trial xbox game pass 1 month xbox game pass 1 month button selected joinbuy as gift xbox game pass $9.99/month $1.00 join overview games faq xbox game pass over 100 great games. new xbox exclusives. one low monthly price. play new xbox exclusives the day they launch get forza horizon 4, sea of thieves, and crackdown 3 with xbox game pass the day they’re released.** watch forza horizon 4 video download and play in full fidelity download directly to your console and play online or off. how it works 1. sign up for an xbox game pass subscription 2. browse the xbox game pass catalog here or on your xbox dashboard 3. install your choice of games 4. play as much as you want, whenever you want exclusive discounts love a game currently in the existing catalog and want to own it? you can buy it and save up to 20%, plus get up to 10% off any xbox one game add-ons and consumables.*** available on xbox one consoles play a huge library of xbox one and xbox 360 backward compatible games on your xbox one console. the next generation of live game streaming explore mixer play together with xbox live gold explore xbox live gold description get unlimited access to over 100 xbox one and xbox 360 games on xbox one for one low monthly price. play new games like sea of thieves and state of decay 2, as well as forza horizon 4 and crackdown 3 the day they’re released, and enjoy a wide variety of games, from recent blockbusters, to critically-acclaimed indie titles. discover and download titles you’ve always wanted to play or revisit favorites that you’ve been missing. games are selected for high ratings and fun, and if you love an xbox one game currently in the existing catalog and want to own it, you can buy it and save up to 20%, plus get up to 10% off related game add-ons and consumables. with new games added all the time, and the option to cancel anytime, xbox game pass is your ticket to endless play. * active subscription required; continues until cancelled; game catalog varies over time. sea of thieves also requires xbox live gold to play game; sold separately. forza horizon 4 coming 2018, crackdown 3 coming 2019. discount offers exclude titles within 30 days of launch; discounts based on microsoft store price. some discounts not available with select titles. see xbox.com/game-pass. sign in for your available offers. promotional discounts not available in quebec. discounted introductory offers not valid for existing subscribers. xbox game pass is an xbox one, xbox play anywhere, and xbox 360 backwards compatibility game subscription for xbox one; an active subscription is required to play games. titles and number of games included may vary over time and by country, and may not be available in all countries. subscription continues to be charged monthly at then-current price (subject to change; plus applicable taxes) unless cancelled. cancel anytime; see www.xbox.com/accounts. dlc sold separately. notice before purchase of dlc: if you purchase dlc for a game that is later removed from game pass, or your game pass subscription is terminated, you will need to purchase the game separately to continue using the dlc. xbox live gold membership (sold separately) required for some games and online multiplayer on xbox one. download charges may apply as set by your isp. some titles may only be available for download by account holders 18 years and older. game pass discounts are not combinable with other offers and are not redeemable for cash; discount offers exclude titles within 30 days of launch; discounts based on microsoft store price. some discounts not available with select titles. requirements, features, online services, or subscription subject to change and/or retirement. subject to the microsoft services agreement (microsoft.com/msa). xbox game pass 1 month offer only valid for new subscribers or users who canceled their subscription before 9/30/2018. after first month, xbox game pass subscription continues to be charged at the then-current regular monthly price (subject to change), unless cancelled. plus applicable taxes. game catalog varies over time. show more additional information published by microsoft corporation more published by microsoft corporation close additional terms terms of transaction more additional terms terms of transaction close seizure warnings photosensitive seizure warning more seizure warnings photosensitive seizure warning close report this product report this product to microsoft thanks for reporting your concern. our team will review it and, if necessary, take action. sign in to report this product to microsoft report this product to microsoft xbox game pass report this product to microsoft potential violation offensive content child exploitation malware or virus privacy concerns misleading app poor performance how you found the violation and any other useful info 0/1000 submit cancel featured show all crackdown 3: campaign late shift rated 4.5 out of 5 stars 4.6 5 there are 1310 reviews 1k included with  game pass halo: the master chief collection rated 4.5 out of 5 stars 4.4 5 there are 48279 reviews 48k doom rated 4.5 out of 5 stars 4.7 5 there are 15859 reviews 15k was $19.99 now $14.99 + with  gold hitman™ rated 4.5 out of 5 stars 4.3 5 there are 12235 reviews 12k the elder scrolls online: tamriel unlimited rated 4 out of 5 stars 3.9 5 there are 20250 reviews 20k thehunter: call of the wild rated 4 out of 5 stars 4 5 there are 2734 reviews 2k included + with  game pass rocket league® rated 4.5 out of 5 stars 4.6 5 there are 102484 reviews 102k was $19.99 now $10.00 + with  gold show all what is xbox game pass? for one low monthly price, enjoy unlimited access to over one hundred great xbox one and xbox 360 titles. with so many games to discover and download, your xbox experience will never be the same. is xbox game pass available in my market? xbox game pass is currently available in the following markets. more to come soon!argentina, australia, austria, belgium, brazil, canada, chile, colombia, czech republic, denmark, finland, france, germany, greece, hong kong, hungary, india, ireland, israel, italy, korea, mexico, netherlands, new zealand, norway, poland, portugal, russia, saudi arabia, singapore, slovakia, south africa, spain, sweden, switzerland, taiwan, turkey, uk, united arab emirates, united states. how do i get xbox game pass? you can purchase the xbox game pass on your xbox one console, xbox.com, or in the microsoft store. how do i manage or cancel my xbox game pass? see how to cancel your xbox subscription for info on how to manage or cancel your xbox game pass how do i find games? visit xbox game pass or the recently added channel within the xbox game pass lounge to check out the latest catalog and learn more about xbox game pass. each month, xbox will update xbox game pass and share via social channels new titles being added to xbox game pass. games will be added and removed from the catalog over time. how do i manage my games? you can easily manage your xbox game pass downloaded games library through my games & apps on your xbox one console. you can also visit xbox game pass on console, xbox game pass online, or xbox app to select and download new titles. will new microsoft studios titles be removed from the xbox game pass catalog? new microsoft studios titles are added to xbox game pass with the intention of them being a regular part of the ongoing catalog for xbox game pass members. how do xbox one game and add-on discounts work? xbox game pass members can save up to 20% on xbox one games purchased from the existing catalog, as well as 10% off any xbox one game add-ons. discounts are based on the microsoft store price and are tiered based on the game’s global launch date. between 31 and 90 days from a game’s launch date, members receive a 10% discount off the microsoft store price. after 90 days from a game’s launch date, members receive a 20% discount. for game add-ons, xbox game pass members receive a 10% discount from the day the add on is released. can i use xbox game pass on my windows 10 pc? xbox game pass is an xbox one, xbox play anywhere, and xbox 360 backwards compatibility game subscription for xbox one. xbox game pass currently features a select number of xbox play anywhere games that is continually increasing. the latest list of xbox play anywhere titles can be viewed at xbox.com/gamepass why do games not stream? based on fan feedback, streaming/connectivity issues were identified as a major pain point for game subscription services. xbox game pass lets members download and play offline for up to 30 days, in full fidelity. where can i play games in the xbox game pass catalog? you can play xbox one and xbox 360 backward compatible titles in the xbox game pass catalog on your xbox one console. xbox game pass currently features a select number of xbox play anywhere games that is continually increasing. the latest list of xbox play anywhere titles can be viewed at xbox.com/gamepass how do i know what i get with my xbox game pass membership? your xbox game pass membership offers an array of benefits, including unlimited access to a catalog of over 100 great xbox one and xbox 360 games, as well as exclusive discounts and offers. check xbox game pass on console, or xbox game pass online any time for information on subscription benefits. does home console work with xbox game pass? standard xbox home sharing policies apply to xbox game pass, just as they do to xbox live gold. can i play multiplayer games within the xbox game pass catalog? members will need an xbox live gold subscription to access multiplayer features and functionality in xbox game pass games (gold membership sold separately). how long do i have access to games within the xbox game pass catalog? xbox game pass members enjoy unlimited access to over 100 great games within xbox game pass catalog, until either the subscription is canceled/expires, or a game leaves the game pass catalog. do i have to have xbox live gold? members need an xbox live gold subscription to access multiplayer features and functionality in xbox game pass games (gold membership sold separately). if i download a game, can i access it after it leaves the catalog? once a title leaves the xbox game pass catalog, you will need to insert a disc, purchase a digital copy from the microsoft store, or obtain another form of entitlement (like a trial) to continue playing. remember, xbox will notify users prior to a game leaving the xbox game pass catalog. and, as a member, you can purchase any xbox one game in the xbox game pass catalog for up to 20% off (or the best available discounted price) to continue playing a game once it leaves the catalog. xbox game pass discounts are not combinable with other offers and are not redeemable for cash; discount offers exclude titles within 30 days of launch; discounts based on microsoft store price. if i download a game, will it be deleted if it leaves xbox game pass or my subscription cancels/expires? your space is your space. games will not be deleted from your hard drive until you want them gone, even if they have rolled out of the xbox game pass catalog. are games with all ratings included? the xbox game pass catalog is very diverse, containing titles suitable for all ages. how often are new games added to the xbox game pass catalog? new games are added to the xbox game pass catalog on the 1st of every month. do family settings apply to xbox game pass? yes, parental controls will apply to xbox game pass. how long does it take to download a game? download times are not faster or slower for xbox game pass titles. the time to download a game depends on each title's installation size, as well as the user's bandwidth connection. do i buy dlc separately? yes. members can purchase dlc at 10% off the retail price (or the best available discounted price) for xbox one games while the game is within the xbox game pass catalog. xbox game pass discounts are not combinable with other offers and are not redeemable for cash; discount offers exclude titles within 30 days of launch; discounts based on microsoft store price. the game is installed. why won't it play? if a game was installed with xbox game pass but will no longer play, make sure your xbox game pass membership is active and the game is still in the current catalog. can we request games? we’re always interested in hearing your thoughts on all things xbox, so we can work to bring you the games and experiences you want most. keep the feedback coming by visiting http://xbox.uservoice.com/. the game i played was in the list but it's now gone. titles may exit the xbox game pass catalog after a period. xbox game pass members can purchase xbox one titles for up to 20% off (and dlc for 10% off) before the title leaves the active xbox game pass catalog. xbox game pass discounts are not combinable with other offers and are not redeemable for cash; discount offers exclude titles within 30 days of launch; discounts based on microsoft store price. can i see content in the catalog that i can't download? xbox game pass offers members unlimited access to all games offered in the current catalog. if a game leaves the xbox game pass catalog, does the dlc get removed or do i get to keep it? your space is your space. games and dlc will not be deleted from your hard drive until you want them gone, even if they have rolled out of the xbox game pass catalog.if you purchase dlc for a game within the xbox game pass catalog that later leaves the catalog, your rights to the dlc will be unaffected. to continue playing the dlc, users can purchase the game from the microsoft store, insert a disc, or find another valid entitlement to the game. achievements, game saves, user data, and progress all save to the cloud, so you can pick up right where you left off. what are the xbox game pass subscription details? xbox game pass is an xbox one, xbox play anywhere, and xbox 360 backwards compatibility game subscription for xbox one; an active subscription is required to play games. titles and number of games included may vary over time and by country, and may not be available in all countries. subscription continues to be charged monthly at then-current price (subject to change; plus applicable taxes) unless cancelled. cancel anytime; see www.xbox.com/accounts. dlc sold separately. notice before purchase of dlc: if you purchase dlc for a game that is later removed from game pass, or your game pass subscription is terminated, you will need to purchase the game separately to continue using the dlc. xbox live gold membership (sold separately) required for some games and online multiplayer on xbox one. download charges may apply as set by your isp. some titles may only be available for download by account holders 18 years and older. game pass discounts are not combinable with other offers and are not redeemable for cash; discount offers exclude titles within 30 days of launch; discounts based on microsoft store price. requirements, features, online services, or subscription subject to change and/or retirement. subject to the microsoft services agreement (microsoft.com/msa). open in new tab sign me up stay informed about special deals, the latest products, events, and more from microsoft store. sign up by clicking sign up, i agree that i would like information, tips, and offers about microsoft store and other microsoft products and services. privacy policy thank you! you’re now signed up to receive microsoft store emails. thank you! close what's new new surface pro 6 new surface laptop 2 new surface go xbox one x xbox one s vr & mixed reality windows 10 apps office apps store & support account profile download center sales & support returns order tracking store locations support buy online, pick up in store education microsoft in education office for students office 365 for schools deals for students & parents microsoft azure in education enterprise microsoft azure enterprise data platform find a solution provider microsoft partner resources microsoft appsource manufacturing & resources financial services developer microsoft visual studio windows dev center developer network technet microsoft developer program channel 9 office dev center company careers about microsoft company news privacy at microsoft investors diversity and inclusion accessibility security english (united states) sitemap contact microsoft privacy & cookies terms of use terms of sale trademarks safety & eco about our ads © microsoft 2018