来源URL: https://web.archive.org/web/20191223021312/https://www.microsoft.com/en-us/p/surface-pro-x/8vdnrp2m6hhc?activetab=overview
================================================================================

meet the new surface pro x – ultra-thin and always connected – microsoft surface skip to main content microsoft surface surface surface home computers new surface pro x overview tech specs for business new surface pro 7 overview tech specs for business new surface laptop 3 overview tech specs for business surface pro 6 overview tech specs for business surface laptop 2 overview tech specs for business surface book 2 overview tech specs for business surface go overview tech specs for business surface studio 2 overview tech specs for business surface duo surface neo surface hub 2s compare devices help me choose accessories new surface earbuds surface headphones surface pro x accessories surface pro accessories surface laptop accessories surface book 2 accessories surface go accessories surface studio accessories all surface accessories for business shop now surface deals surface bundles all surface devices where to buy support more all microsoft office windows surface xbox deals support software windows apps onedrive outlook skype onenote pcs & devices pcs & tablets accessories entertainment xbox games pc games windows digital games movies & tv business microsoft azure microsoft dynamics 365 microsoft 365 microsoft industry data platform microsoft advertising licensing developer & it .net visual studio windows server windows dev center docs other microsoft store microsoft rewards free downloads & security education store locations gift cards view sitemap search cancel 0 cart sign in new surface pro x xtraordinary new surface pro x create on the go with rechargeable pen and lte surface pro x 33 edge to edge 2-in-1 laptop with lte and 13” touchscreen. ultra-thin and always connected, surface pro x combines ultimate mobility with amazing graphics. surface pro x keyboard sold separately.* bundle and save with the surface pro x essentials bundle includes your choice of surface pro x, black type cover, 1 year of office 365, and microsoft complete 2-year extended warranty. build your bundle > starting from $999.00 or $52.46/month for 24 months and 0% apr with surface all access.^ get started blackcolor selector black button selected configure now free 2-3 day shipping. free returns through friday, january 31, 2020 on eligible items buying for your business? go to surface pro x for business > special pricing for eligible students, parents, teachers and military. may not be combinable with other offers.check your eligibility app compatibility may vary on a windows 10 arm-based pc. 5 surface pro x starting from $999.00 new surface pro x >edge to edge 2-in-1 laptop with lte and 13” touchscreen. ultra-thin and always connected, surface pro x combines ultimate mobility with amazing graphics. surface pro x keyboard sold separately.* overview processor tech specs reviews starting from $999.00 surface pro x ultra-thin and always connected when inspiration strikes, bring it to the surface wherever the day takes you, be ready for anything with surface pro x. featuring blazing-fast lte connectivity,3 our thinnest surface stands out with industry-leading performance and a stunning, virtually edge-to-edge 13” touchscreen. see how surface pro x is always ready to create designed to impress perfect for your on-the-go lifestyle at just 7.3mm and starting at only 1.7 pounds.1 see and do more on the virtually edge-to-edge pixelsense™ 13" display touchscreen, with signature 3:2 ratio to give you the most workspace possible. get back to work faster with instant on and wake on open. always at your fingertips make surface pro x a full laptop and portable studio with surface pro x signature keyboard with slim pen.* the pen stores securely and recharges in the luxurious, alcantara® covered keyboard, complete with backlit keys and large multi-touch glass trackpad. work without an office stay in touch with blazing-fast lte advanced pro.3 stay productive with all-day battery life up to 13 hours2 and the ability to go from empty to full fast — about 80% in just under an hour.6 48x48 white image premium performance on the go powered by qualcomm®, the new custom microsoft® sq1™ processor delivers multitasking laptop performance, all-day battery life,2 and fast lte and wi-fi connectivity. learn about the sq1™ processor a powerful balance whether on the road, in the air, or at your favorite café, create at the speed of thought with surface pro x; featuring next-gen performance, all-day battery, fast charging and lte connectivity.2,3 view tech specs 3 ghz arm processor 13” virtually edge-to-edge touchscreen lte advanced pro connectivity do more with windows 10 and office 365 create your best work with office 365* on windows 10 home4. enjoy familiar features like faster logins with password-free windows hello sign-in, and keeping photos and files safe in the cloud with onedrive. previous next stay productive with the software you rely on every day surface pro x was designed to optimize office 365*, adobe fresco* and many more. previous next windows 10 home, installed familiar features and trusted security, all included. if you need additional enterprise management and security tools for the workplace, you can switch to windows 10 pro for just $99 or purchase surface pro x for business. previous next you are the password log in securely and quickly with password-free windows hello facial sign-in; the fastest, most secure way to unlock surface pro x. windows 10 home, installed familiar features and trusted security, all included. if you need additional enterprise management and security tools for the workplace, you can switch to windows 10 pro for just $99 or purchase surface pro x for business. you are the password log in securely and quickly with password-free windows hello facial sign-in; the fastest, most secure way to unlock surface pro x. stay productive with the software you rely on every day surface pro x was designed to optimize office 365*, adobe fresco* and many more. you are the password log in securely and quickly with password-free windows hello facial sign-in; the fastest, most secure way to unlock surface pro x. stay productive with the software you rely on every day surface pro x was designed to optimize office 365*, adobe fresco* and many more. windows 10 home, installed familiar features and trusted security, all included. if you need additional enterprise management and security tools for the workplace, you can switch to windows 10 pro for just $99 or purchase surface pro x for business. let us help you find your perfect surface in less than 2 minutes, answer a few questions and we’ll help you choose. or, compare tech specs of each computer to see how they go beyond the ordinary. help me choose compare surface extraordinary accessories for your new surface personalize surface pro x and make it yours with next-gen tools like surface pro x signature keyboard with slim pen and surface earbuds. shop surface accessories best-in-class support when you buy a surface from microsoft store, you get: free returns online and in store—oct 1, 2019 - jan 31, 2020. 90 days of free technical phone support. 12 months in-store support and technical assistance. 1 free training session to transfer data and optimize performance. accessories shop surface accessories surface for business shop surface for business sync your phone sync your phone with surface surface support register your surface get the surface newsletter power cord recall * some software and accessories sold separately. [1] weight not including surface slim pen or surface pro x keyboard [2] battery life surface pro x: up to 13 hours of battery life based on typical surface device usage. testing conducted by microsoft in september 2019 using preproduction software and preproduction configurations of surface pro x. testing consisted of full battery discharge with a mixture of active use and modern standby. the active use portion consists of (1) a web browsing test accessing 8 popular websites over multiple open tabs, (2) a productivity test utilizing microsoft word, powerpoint, excel and outlook, and (3) a portion of time with the device in use with idle applications. all settings were default except screen brightness was set to 150nits with auto-brightness disabled. wi-fi was connected to a network. battery life varies significantly with settings, usage and other factors. [3] service availability and performance subject to service provider’s network. contact your service provider for details, compatibility, pricing, sim card, and activation. see all specs and frequencies at surface.com. [4] system software uses significant storage space. available storage is subject to change based on system software updates and apps usage. 1 gb = 1 billion bytes. 1 tb = 1,000 gb. see surface.com/storage for more details [5] surface pro x for consumers comes with windows 10 home to bring you the powerful windows features you use most at an exceptional value. if you need additional enterprise management and security tools for the workplace, you can switch to windows 10 pro for just $99 or purchase surface pro x for business. at this time, surface pro x will not install 64-bit applications that have not been ported to arm64, some games and cad software, and some third-party drivers or anti-virus software. new 64-bit apps are coming to arm 64 all the time. find out more in the faq [6] testing conducted at microsoft in september 2019 using pre-production devices and software. tested with the inbox surflink 60w psu under controlled conditions. device was powered on to desktop screen with default display brightness settings. actual charge time will vary based on operating conditions. actual charge time will vary based on operating conditions. measured at typical office ambient temperature of 23c. [7]hard drive is not user removable. hard drive is only removable by skilled technician following microsoft provided instructions. microsoft’s limited warranty is in addition to your consumer law rights. ^dell preferred account (dpa): offered to u.s. residents by webbank, member fdic, who determines qualifications for and terms of credit. taxes, shipping, and other charges are extra and vary. payments are the greater of either $20 or the sum of any monthly planned payment due plus 3% of the new balance shown on your billing statement (excluding any balance on a planned payment purchase), rounded up to the next dollar. minimum interest charge is $2.00. see dell.com/microsoftdpa for important financing details. offer valid for purchases at participating u.s. microsoft retail stores and microsoft.com. now through january 31, 2020, microsoft will match each donation of at least $5.00 that a customer makes to american red cross disaster relief through the microsoft store website. microsoft will match donations up to a maximum of $50,000 usd total. not valid in physical retail store locations. a purchase is not required to donate. donations are not refundable or returnable. may not be combinable with other offers. void where prohibited or restricted by law. microsoft reserves the right to modify or discontinue offers at any time. other exclusions and limits may apply. the mission of the american red cross is to prevent and alleviate human suffering in the face of emergencies by mobilizing the power of volunteers and the generosity of donors.  the american red cross name and emblem are used with its permission, which in no way constitutes an endorsement, express or implied, of any product, service, company, opinion or political position. the american red cross logo is a registered trademark owned by the american national red cross. more information about the american red cross is available by mail at 1900 25th ave s, seattle, wa 98144, by phone at 1-800 red cross (1-800-733-2767) or at www.redcross.org. designed for speed and connectivity life moves quickly — and whether you're running from meeting to meeting, catching up in a cab, or multitasking on the train, the custom microsoft sq1™ processor inside surface pro x helps you keep up. fast outlook,* excel,* and browser performance, plus high-quality video chats, seamless email, and 4k streaming let you stay productive, save time, and be connected nearly anywhere, at any time. first 3ghz arm processor on pc² with 2 teraflops of best-in-class graphics processing power.³ gigabit lte thanks to the integrated snapdragon™ x24 modem to work without an office. supports full-speed ssds, for high performance and optimized capability from your laptop’s hard drive. developed in partnership with qualcomm® maximizing performance, productivity, connectivity, and battery life in our signature thin design was the goal when collaborating with qualcomm® to develop the custom microsoft sq1™ processor. the result: pc power in an ultra-thin, 2-in-1 laptop, and a new class of modern, lightweight, lte-enabled designs that build on renowned qualcomm® dna — with all-day battery life1 to fully support an always-on, always-connected mobile lifestyle. browse, stream, connect, and get seriously productive working without an office is easy when your laptop is optimized for mobility, with all-day battery life,1 pc-class performance, and blazing-fast lte — all in a thin, light design running today’s most productive browsers and apps:* microsoft outlook microsoft edge microsoft teams microsoft onedrive sketch, create, capture, and share intuitively with surface pen.* or, catch up, connect, and kick back with: whatsapp, facebook messenger, wechat, skype netflix, spotify, itunes whiteboard, onenote, adobe fresco, concepts surface support register your surface get the surface newsletter power cord recall *some software, apps, and accessories sold separately. app availability and compatibility may vary. at this time, surface pro x will not install 64-bit applications that have not been ported to arm64, some games and cad software, and some third-party drivers or anti-virus software. new 64-bit apps are coming to arm 64 all the time. [1] surface pro x: up to 13 hours of battery life based on typical surface device usage. testing conducted by microsoft in september 2019 using preproduction software and preproduction configurations of surface pro x. testing consisted of full battery discharge with a mixture of active use and modern standby. the active use portion consists of (1) a web browsing test accessing 8 popular websites over multiple open tabs, (2) a productivity test utilizing microsoft word, powerpoint, excel and outlook, and (3) a portion of time with the device in use with idle applications. all settings were default except screen brightness was set to 150nits with auto-brightness disabled. wi-fi was connected to a network. battery life varies significantly with settings, usage and other factors. [2] based on qualcomm published data at qualcomm.com/products as of september 2019. [3] based on microsoft sq1 processor design and optimization. comparison to existing arm based pcs. 13” touchscreen display •    see and do more on virtually edge-to-edge screen •    automatically adjusts to lighting conditions plenty of storage •    next-gen graphics with up to 16gb ram •    multitask across office 365* apps and multiple tabs slim, sleek design •    our thinnest 2-in-1 laptop at 7.3 mm •    perfect for productivity on the go, starting at just 1.7 pounds2 stay connected •    no wi-fi, no problem — includes lte advanced pro4 •    2 usb-c™ ports connect to displays, docking stations, and more tech specs scenarios ultimate mobility for working and connecting without an office, browsing, sketching on-screen, and streaming netflix dimensions 11.3 in x 8.2 in x 0.28 in (287 mm x 208 mm x 7.3 mm) display screen: 13” pixelsense™ display resolution: 2880 x 1920 (267 ppi) aspect ratio: 3:2 touch: 10 point multi-touch brightness: 450 nits memory 8gb or 16gb lpddr4x ram processor6 microsoft® sq1™ security firmware tpm enterprise-grade protection with windows hello face sign-in software windows 10 home5 microsoft office 365 30-day trial sensors accelerometer gyroscope magnetometer ambient light sensor what’s in the box surface pro x power supply quick start guide safety and warranty documents weight2 (not including keyboard*) 1.7 lbs (774g) storage3 removable solid-state drive (ssd)7 options: 128, 256, or 512gb battery life1 up to 13 hours of typical device usage graphics microsoft® sq1™ adreno™ 685 gpu connections 2 x usb-c™ 1 x surface connect port surface keyboard connector port 1 x nano sim compatible with surface dial off-screen interaction* cameras, video and audio windows hello face authentication camera (front-facing) 5.0mp front-facing camera with 1080p full hd video 10.0mp rear-facing autofocus camera with 1080p hd and 4k video dual far-field studio mics 2w stereo speakers with dolby® audio™ wireless wi-fi 5: 802.11ac compatible bluetooth wireless 5.0 technology qualcomm® snapdragon™ x24 lte modem up to gigabit lte advanced pro4 with nanosim and esim support. lte bands supported: 1, 2, 3, 4, 5, 7, 8, 12, 13, 14, 19, 20, 25, 26, 28, 29, 30, 38, 39, 40, 41, 46, 66 assisted gps and glonass support carrier unlocked exterior casing: signature anodized aluminum with carbon composite fanless thermal cooling colors: matte black physical buttons: volume, power warranty 1-year limited hardware warranty best-in-class support from microsoft store 30-day return policy 90 days of free technical phone support 12 months in-store support and technical assistance 1 free training session to transfer data and optimize performance best-in-class support when you buy a surface from microsoft store, you get: free returns online and in store—oct 1, 2019 - jan 31, 2020. 90 days of free technical phone support. 12 months in-store support and technical assistance. 1 free training session to transfer data and optimize performance. accessories shop surface accessories surface for business shop surface for business sync your phone sync your phone with surface surface support register your surface get the surface newsletter power cord recall * some software and accessories sold separately. [1] battery life surface pro x: up to 13 hours of battery life based on typical surface device usage. testing conducted by microsoft in september 2019 using preproduction software and preproduction configurations of surface pro x. testing consisted of full battery discharge with a mixture of active use and modern standby. the active use portion consists of (1) a web browsing test accessing 8 popular websites over multiple open tabs, (2) a productivity test utilizing microsoft word, powerpoint, excel and outlook, and (3) a portion of time with the device in use with idle applications. all settings were default except screen brightness was set to 150nits with auto-brightness disabled. wi-fi was connected to a network. battery life varies significantly with settings, usage and other factors. [2] weight not including surface slim pen or surface pro x keyboard [3] system software uses significant storage space. available storage is subject to change based on system software updates and apps usage. 1 gb = 1 billion bytes. 1 tb = 1,000 gb. see surface.com/storage for more details. [4] service availability and performance subject to service provider’s network. contact your service provider for details, compatibility, pricing, sim card, and activation. see all specs and frequencies at surface.com. [5] surface pro x for consumers comes with windows 10 home to bring you the powerful windows features you use most at an exceptional value. if you need additional enterprise management and security tools for the workplace, you can switch to windows 10 pro for just $99 or purchase surface pro x for business. at this time, surface pro x will not install 64-bit applications that have not been ported to arm64, some games and cad software, and some third-party drivers or anti-virus software. new 64-bit apps are coming to arm 64 all the time. find out more in the faq [6] for more information on processor, visit here. [7] hard drive is not user removable. hard drive is only removable by skilled technician following microsoft provided instructions. microsoft’s limited warranty is in addition to your consumer law rights. to rate and review, sign in.sign in rated 4.2 out of 5 stars4.24.2533 ratings33563%415%36%29%16% showing 1-10 out of 27 reviewssort by:sort by: most helpfulmost helpfulmost helpfulmost recenthighest ratedlowest ratedfilter by:filter by: all ratingsall ratingsall ratings5 stars4 stars3 stars2 stars1 starjreviewed byj55user rating: 5 out of 5submitted on11/11/2019review title of jthe youtube reviewers miss the point.....this is a great machine. -buy 16gb of ram. just turning this thing on with a few chrome windows open eats 5.5gb of ram. -take most online reviews with a grain of salt. for work i travel quite a bit and i need something that has lte and is full windows. i use word, excel and powerpoint. connecting to the internet fast was also a primary concern. it does all of this wonderfully with a great screen, great keyboard and excellent mouse connectivity. the pen seems to work well too, but i have yet to use it much. the machine is fast and there has not been in bugs per say. the lack of not being able to use some 64 bit programs is a non-issue to me. i knew all this going into it. what i do not understand with the verge and some other reviewers is we knew it would not run some programs oct 2nd, so why do a review telling us what we already know?? most if not all reviewers are missing the mark for who this is for. period. you want a beast of a machine for the road? this is for you. 43 out of 58 people found this helpful.jreviewed byjim55user rating: 5 out of 5submitted on11/13/2019review title of jimi love it!!on day one i foolishly installed malware bits on my first sp x. during a reboot malware "found" a rootkit in the boot loader. well that bricked it. duh! the next morning the retail store manager gave me a replacement spx. ten minutes and no questions asked (i knew better)! i've been using the x for 3 days. the battery life, instant on and the speed means i no longer need my old surface pro lte (that i loved) samsung tab when i travel. only one device! yeah there are a few op sys kinks but i finally have hybrid pc/tablet of my dreams. btw the surface pro lte had a few kinks for a while. this isn't the endpoint device but it's a darn good midpoint. great tablet/computer for traveling business people!4 out of 4 people found this helpful.treviewed bytorgo45user rating: 4 out of 5submitted on11/16/2019review title of torgohighly capable and highly recommendedthis machine is very well built. looks awesome and is comfortable to carry around. i like the fact there are two usb-c ports as opposed to a single usb-a and/ or single usb-c. i have plugged in two different inexpensive usb-c to usb-a / sd / network / hdmi / power delivery adapters and both work. the things i run everyday (edge, office, skype, onenote, messenger) work, and it's quick which is what i wanted out of a device this size. i got the pen and keyboard with this. the keyboard is actually a little better than the one on my surface pro (2017) and the pen works exactly how i want it to. i will give it another star once amd64 (64 bit) emulation is complete and i can run everything on this thing that i run on my surface book 2.microsoft team responded on 12/17/2019hello, thanks for taking the time to leave a review for surface pro x! we’re delighted to hear you’ve been enjoying the latest addition to the surface family. we always love to hear from the community on what they love most about their device, and we hope you continue to enjoy your surface pro x! cheers, heather surface customer care10 out of 12 people found this helpful.mreviewed bymouni55user rating: 5 out of 5submitted on11/12/2019review title of mouniperfect machine for pmsi love this machine. its fast, responsive, always wakes up. i got an arm64 version of chromium edge and it runs like a champ. as fast as my twice as heavy work computer. planning to register for byod at work with this. if you move around a lot for meetings and get most of your work done on browser, office, slack/teams this pc is great. 9 out of 13 people found this helpful.jreviewed byjustin55user rating: 5 out of 5submitted on11/21/2019review title of justindifferent experience than the youtube reviewersi purchased the surface pro x because i wanted a computer with lte. this device is amazing and the youtube reviewers all say not to buy it because of the app compatibility. this runs all of my applications that i run on my surface pro 5, the secret is to actually use the windows store apps (which most are available) or use web apps. newsflash: youtube reviewers, the normal person and business user are not going to be using photoshop and doing video editing. it is extremely fast and loads and downloads super quick, i downloaded a movie that was 7gb in less than 10 minutes. i have been using this since november 6th as my primary device and have migrated my surface 5 as my backup/home device. 2 out of 2 people found this helpful.wreviewed bywendell55user rating: 5 out of 5submitted on12/8/2019review title of wendelloverall the x is a wonderful upgrade for my work day. i received the new surface pro x a few days ago. i prior used a surface go lte as my "on the road" laptop. i've been installing various software on my x, took it "on the road" for several days, and overall i'm impressed and very happy. excellent hardware design - i love how it's so thin and light, the built-in pen is great. built-in lte of course is a huge plus. the display is bright and crisp. great for giving ppts in small conference rooms - the x has no fan noise! the keyboard is comfortable with expected key placement and has excellent tactile feedback. track pad is excellent. i've had zero software compatibility issues with the qualcomm cpu - all (32-bit) software installed and ran as expected. i'm using my x for emails, browsing, office/excel/powerpoints, etc. - performance seems excellent for these basic tasks. i don't plan to do any heavy duty movie editing or other cpu-intensive tasks on this laptop. battery life is the best i've ever had on any laptop! love it. 21 out of 36 people found this helpful.mreviewed bymike35user rating: 3 out of 5submitted on11/8/2019review title of mikecan't use x in portrait mode!!!!!!!!!!!just got my new surface pro x and was initially very impressed. however, my real life experience is declining. first, i have a very old surface pro 3 which is a fantastic device and handled all of my many needs, but is now getting long in the tooth and the battery life is on its way down. i only get a couple of hours now thus the need to go with the new. the battery life of the x is good, but not what ms claims. it is about what my 3 was when it was new. second, there is a major design flaw in the casing. the x has the volume buttons on one short side and the power button on the the other short side. this means you can't use the device in portrait mode on a stand. i use portrait mode a lot in the kitchen on a book stand to get recipes full page. when i do this, the unit turns off. if i flip it, the volume button depress and the volume bar displays over the screen. i am also a musician and use the device as a music reader. this is also done in portrait mode. ooops ms!14 out of 26 people found this helpful.freviewed byfamily wealth55user rating: 5 out of 5submitted on11/13/2019review title of family wealthperforms very fast. amazing device.pinnacle of innovation. amazing device...wish it had an sd chip reader, but with on board cellular you can use this as your phone. ms is back in the game.4 out of 5 people found this helpful.areviewed byaking35user rating: 3 out of 5submitted on12/1/2019review title of akinggood, but not greati really want to like this device. purchased open box for $798.99 and keyboard pen bundle on promotion for around $240. loved this thing for work. i'm a sales manager, however where it fails and needs to improve is in casual use. app store sucks and most software isn't running as well as it could run on this unit. it wasn't good enough even at $798.99 because it's a beta project. i'm sure it will evolve, but what i am looking for is a 2-1 that can handle all aspects of life for me. i don't need a tablet, i don't need a laptop. i need both and i don't want to carry 2 items. i returned this and went with the sp7 i5 256 with keyboard and pen bundle. so far so good.1 out of 1 people found this helpful.greviewed byg55user rating: 5 out of 5submitted on11/26/2019review title of gfantastic and getting better every day!fantastic and getting better all the time! i took the unit home and the first couple of days i had a lot of bugs, blue screen of death, apps weren't working. i took it back to the microsoft store and they did a soft reset of the same unit and it was resuscitated! this thing is amazingly fast, has no bugs whatsoever, and is extremely versatile. i use it in meetings to take notes, take screen captures, review information on the internet during the meeting, and type out notes all at the same time. i love the angles of the stand - i'm able to comfortably write on the tablet without needing to make it completely flat on the desk. i highly recommend having someone in the store update and set it up for you before you take it home. a gorgeous display rounds out an already perfect device. you won't regret your purchase. 1 out of 1 people found this helpful.1-10 of 27 reviewspreviousnext need help? chat now no thanks open in new tab sign me up stay informed about special deals, the latest products, events, and more from microsoft store. sign up by clicking sign up, i agree that i would like information, tips, and offers about microsoft store and other microsoft products and services. privacy policy thank you! you’re now signed up to receive microsoft store emails. thank you! close questions? talk to an expert questions? talk to an expert we're here to help 24/7 chat with someone before you buy find info about your order get technical or download support chat with someone before you buy text chat call for microsoft store sale and customer support 1-877-696-7786 call for business orders 1-866-425-4709 find info about your order text chat microsoft store sale and customer support 1-877-696-7786 for products bought elsewhere 1-800-642-7676 get technical or download support windows office surface mobile devices onedrive skype xbox outlook show more back close site feedback what category would you like to give web site feedback on? choose a category site navigation (finding what you want) site content language quality site design lack of product information searching the product other rate your level of satisfaction with this web page today: satisfied somewhat satisfied somewhat dissatisfied dissatisfied comments: submit thanks for submitting your feedback close what's new surface pro x surface laptop 3 surface pro 7 windows 10 apps office apps microsoft store account profile download center microsoft store support returns order tracking store locations buy online, pick up in store in-store events education microsoft in education office for students office 365 for schools deals for students & parents microsoft azure in education enterprise azure appsource automotive government healthcare manufacturing financial services retail developer microsoft visual studio windows dev center developer network technet microsoft developer program channel 9 office dev center microsoft garage company careers about microsoft company news privacy at microsoft investors diversity and inclusion accessibility security english (united states) sitemap contact microsoft privacy & cookies terms of use terms of sale trademarks safety & eco about our ads © microsoft 2019