来源URL: https://web.archive.org/web/20190425043737/https://products.office.com/en-us/compare-all-microsoft-office-products?tab=1&WT.mc_id=oan_mscom_hp_o365febrefresh
================================================================================

compare all microsoft office products | microsoft office skip to main content microsoft office office office home products for home > plans & pricing for households for individuals see office 365 for business > plans & pricing small business enterprise firstline workers see all business for education > for students & teachers for schools applications > outlook onedrive word excel powerpoint onenote sharepoint microsoft teams see all office products resources training setup & install faq templates support more buy office 365 all microsoft office windows surface xbox deals support software windows apps onedrive outlook skype onenote pcs & devices pcs & tablets accessories entertainment xbox games pc games windows digital games movies & tv books business microsoft azure microsoft dynamics 365 microsoft 365 microsoft industry data platform microsoft advertising developer & it .net visual studio windows server windows dev center docs other microsoft store microsoft rewards free downloads & security education store locations gift cards view sitemap search cancel 0 cart sign in get the most from office with office 365 for home for business get the most from office with office 365 office 365 home office 365 personal office home & student 2019 explore office looking for office home & business 2019? office for students & educators office for mac what is office 365 for home? already have office 365? renew your subscription best value most popular office 365 home office 365 personal office home & student 2019 $99.99 / year user rating: 3.9 out of 5 $69.99 / year user rating: 3.6 out of 5 $149.99 user rating: 3.6 out of 5 buy now or buy at $9.99 per month save 16% with an annual subscriptionswitch to an annual subscription and enjoy the full power of office 365 for 16% less than paying monthly. pay annually continue with monthly plan buy now or buy at $6.99 per month save 16% with an annual subscriptionswitch to an annual subscription and enjoy the full power of office 365 for 16% less than paying monthly. pay annually continue with monthly plan buy now one-time purchase office 365 home office 365 personal office home & student 2019 buy now for $99.99 / year buy now for $69.99 / year buy now for $149.99 or try free for 1 month one-time purchase try free for 1 month one solution for you and your family across all your devices. includes premium office apps for up to 6 users on pc or mac. one solution for you across all your devices. includes premium office apps for 1 user on pc or mac. the essentials for individuals to get it all done.​ classic versions of the office apps installed on 1 pc or mac. office apps included microsoftword microsoftexcel microsoftpowerpoint microsoftoutlook microsoftpublisher (pc only) microsoftaccess (pc only) office apps included microsoftword microsoftexcel microsoftpowerpoint microsoftoutlook microsoftpublisher (pc only) microsoftaccess (pc only) office apps included microsoftword microsoftexcel microsoftpowerpoint services included microsoftonedrive microsoftskype services included microsoftonedrive microsoftskype services included (not included) product feature premium versions of office apps with exclusive, new features every month1 feature included feature included feature not included apps included 2 word, excel, powerpoint, outlook, publisher, access4 word, excel, powerpoint, outlook, publisher, access4 word, excel, powerpoint onenote: access to additional onenote features (features vary) feature included feature included feature included for use on multiple pcs/macs, tablets, and phones, including windows, ios, and android5 multiple pcs/macs, tablets, and phones, including windows, ios, and android5 1 pc or mac 1 tb of onedrive cloud storage per person feature included for up to 6 users feature included for 1 user not included with skype, make calls to mobile phones and landlines, 60 minutes per month per user (exclusions apply) 3 feature included for up to 6 users feature included for 1 user not included microsoft support via chat or phone at no extra cost throughout your subscription feature included feature included included for 60 days licensed for home use feature included feature included feature included how to buy purchase an annual or monthly subscription6 purchase an annual or monthly subscription6 one-time purchase learn more learn more learn more swipe to view more plans best value office 365 home $99.99 / year user rating: 3.9 out of 5 buy now or buy at $9.99 per month save 16% with an annual subscriptionswitch to an annual subscription and enjoy the full power of office 365 for 16% less than paying monthly. pay annually continue with monthly plan try free for 1 month one solution for you and your family across all your devices. includes premium office apps for up to 6 users on pc or mac. office apps included microsoftword microsoftexcel microsoftpowerpoint microsoftoutlook microsoftpublisher (pc only) microsoftaccess (pc only) services included microsoftonedrive microsoftskype premium versions of office apps with exclusive, new features every month1 feature included apps included 2 word, excel, powerpoint, outlook, publisher, access4 onenote: access to additional onenote features (features vary) feature included for use on multiple pcs/macs, tablets, and phones, including windows, ios, and android5 1 tb of onedrive cloud storage per person feature included for up to 6 users with skype, make calls to mobile phones and landlines, 60 minutes per month per user (exclusions apply) 3 feature included for up to 6 users microsoft support via chat or phone at no extra cost throughout your subscription feature included microsoft support via chat or phone at no extra cost throughout your subscription feature included licensed for home use feature included how to buy purchase an annual or monthly subscription6 office 365 home $99.99 / year user rating: 3.9 out of 5 buy now or buy at $9.99 per month save 16% with an annual subscriptionswitch to an annual subscription and enjoy the full power of office 365 for 16% less than paying monthly. pay annually continue with monthly plan learn more most popular office 365 personal $69.99 / year user rating: 3.6 out of 5 buy now or buy at $6.99 per month save 16% with an annual subscriptionswitch to an annual subscription and enjoy the full power of office 365 for 16% less than paying monthly. pay annually continue with monthly plan one solution for you across all your devices. includes premium office apps for 1 user on pc or mac. office apps included microsoftword microsoftexcel microsoftpowerpoint microsoftoutlook microsoftpublisher (pc only) microsoftaccess (pc only) services included microsoftonedrive microsoftskype premium versions of office apps with exclusive, new features every month1 feature included apps included 2 word, excel, powerpoint, outlook, publisher, access4 onenote: access to additional onenote features (features vary) feature included for use on multiple pcs/macs, tablets, and phones, including windows, ios, and android5 1 tb of onedrive cloud storage per person feature included for 1 user with skype, make calls to mobile phones and landlines, 60 minutes per month per user (exclusions apply) 3 feature included for 1 user microsoft support via chat or phone at no extra cost throughout your subscription feature included microsoft support via chat or phone at no extra cost throughout your subscription feature included licensed for home use feature included how to buy purchase an annual or monthly subscription6 office 365 personal $69.99 / year user rating: 3.6 out of 5 buy now or buy at $6.99 per month save 16% with an annual subscriptionswitch to an annual subscription and enjoy the full power of office 365 for 16% less than paying monthly. pay annually continue with monthly plan learn more office home & student 2019 $149.99 user rating: 3.6 out of 5 buy now one-time purchase the essentials for individuals to get it all done.​ classic versions of the office apps installed on 1 pc or mac. office apps included microsoftword microsoftexcel microsoftpowerpoint services included (not included) premium versions of office apps with exclusive, new features every month1 feature not included apps included 2 word, excel, powerpoint onenote: access to additional onenote features (features vary) feature included for use on 1 pc or mac 1 tb of onedrive cloud storage per person not included with skype, make calls to mobile phones and landlines, 60 minutes per month per user (exclusions apply) 3 not included microsoft support via chat or phone at no extra cost throughout your subscription included for 60 days microsoft support via chat or phone at no extra cost throughout your subscription feature included licensed for home use feature included how to buy one-time purchase office home & student 2019 $149.99 user rating: 3.6 out of 5 buy now one-time purchase learn more explore office looking for office home & business 2019? office for students & educators office for mac what is office 365 for home? already have office 365? renew your subscription office home & business 2019 buy now learn more one-time purchase for 1 pc or mac classic 2019 versions of word, excel, powerpoint and outlook microsoft support included for 60 days at no extra cost licensed for home and commercial use 1. compatible with windows 10 or macos. see system requirements for full compatibility information and feature requirements. you must accept the license terms, also at microsoft.com/useterms. 2. app availability and features vary by device, platform, and language. 3. skype account required. excludes special, premium, and non-geographic numbers. calls to mobiles are for select countries only. skype minutes available in select countries. 4. publisher and access are available on pc only. 5. ios and android require separate app download. 6. cancel anytime. compare chart office 365 business office 365 business premium office 365 business essentials explore office looking for office as a one-time purchase? see options for enterprise what is office 365 for business? chat with sales 1 855-270-0615 available m-f from 6:00am to 6:00pm pt available monday to friday from 6am to 6pm pt contact us special offer: 1 year free custom email domain.4 office 365 business office 365 business premium office 365 business essentials $8.25 user/month (annual commitment) $12.50 user/month (annual commitment) $5.00 user/month (annual commitment) buy now buy now buy now best for businesses that need office apps plus cloud file storage and sharing on pc, mac, or mobile. business email not included. best for businesses that need business email, office apps, and other business services on pc, mac, or mobile. best for businesses that need business email and other business services on pc, mac, or mobile. desktop versions of office apps not included. office apps included microsoftoutlook microsoftword microsoftexcel microsoftpowerpoint microsoftaccess (pc only) office apps included microsoftoutlook microsoftword microsoftexcel microsoftpowerpoint microsoftaccess (pc only) office apps included (web and mobile versions only) 3 services included microsoftonedrive services included microsoftexchange microsoftonedrive microsoftsharepoint microsoftteams services included microsoftexchange microsoftonedrive microsoftsharepoint microsoftteams product feature email hosting with 50 gb mailbox and custom email domain address not included feature included feature included desktop versions of office apps on pc or mac: outlook, word, excel, powerpoint, (plus access and publisher for pc only) feature included feature included not included onenote: access to additional onenote features (features vary) feature included feature included not included web versions of word, excel, and powerpoint feature included feature included plus a web version of outlook feature included plus a web version of outlook one license covers fully-installed office apps on 5 phones, 5 tablets, and 5 pcs or macs per user1 feature included feature included 5 phones and 5 tablets only file storage and sharing with 1 tb of onedrive storage feature included feature included feature included company-wide intranet and team sites with sharepoint not included feature included feature included online meetings and video conferencing for up to 250 people2 not included feature included feature included hub for teamwork to connect your teams with microsoft teams not included feature included feature included nurture customer relationships with outlook customer manager not included feature included not included manage your business better with microsoft invoicing, microsoft bookings, and mileiq not included feature included not included manage tasks and teamwork with microsoft planner not included feature included feature included maximum number of users 300 300 300 24/7 phone and web support feature included feature included feature included licensed for commercial use feature included feature included feature included special offer: 1 year free custom email domain.4 office 365 business office 365 business premium office 365 business essentials $8.25 user/month (annual commitment) $12.50 user/month (annual commitment) $5.00 user/month (annual commitment) buy now or buy for $10.00 per user/month with a monthly commitment buy now or buy for $15.00 per user/month with a monthly commitment buy now or buy for $6.00 per user/month with a monthly commitment try free for 1 month learn more try free for 1 month learn more learn more swipe to view more plans office 365 business $8.25 user/month (annual commitment) buy now best for businesses that need office apps plus cloud file storage and sharing on pc, mac, or mobile. business email not included. office apps included microsoftoutlook microsoftword microsoftexcel microsoftpowerpoint microsoftaccess (pc only) services included microsoftonedrive email hosting with 50 gb mailbox and custom email domain address not included desktop versions of office apps on pc or mac: outlook, word, excel, powerpoint, (plus access and publisher for pc only) feature included onenote: access to additional onenote features (features vary) feature included web versions of word, excel, and powerpoint feature included one license covers fully-installed office apps on 5 phones, 5 tablets, and 5 pcs or macs per user1 feature included file storage and sharing with 1 tb of onedrive storage feature included company-wide intranet and team sites with sharepoint not included online meetings and video conferencing for up to 250 people2 not included hub for teamwork to connect your teams with microsoft teams not included nurture customer relationships with outlook customer manager not included manage your business better with microsoft invoicing, microsoft bookings, and mileiq not included manage tasks and teamwork with microsoft planner not included maximum number of users 300 24/7 phone and web support feature included licensed for commercial use feature included office 365 business $8.25 user/month (annual commitment) buy now or buy for $10.00 per user/month with a monthly commitment try free for 1 month learn more special offer: 1 year free custom email domain.4 office 365 business premium $12.50 user/month (annual commitment) buy now best for businesses that need business email, office apps, and other business services on pc, mac, or mobile. office apps included microsoftoutlook microsoftword microsoftexcel microsoftpowerpoint microsoftaccess (pc only) services included microsoftexchange microsoftonedrive microsoftsharepoint microsoftteams email hosting with 50 gb mailbox and custom email domain address feature included desktop versions of office apps on pc or mac: outlook, word, excel, powerpoint, (plus access and publisher for pc only) feature included onenote: access to additional onenote features (features vary) feature included web versions of word, excel, and powerpoint feature included plus a web version of outlook one license covers fully-installed office apps on 5 phones, 5 tablets, and 5 pcs or macs per user1 feature included file storage and sharing with 1 tb of onedrive storage feature included company-wide intranet and team sites with sharepoint feature included online meetings and video conferencing for up to 250 people2 feature included hub for teamwork to connect your teams with microsoft teams feature included nurture customer relationships with outlook customer manager feature included manage your business better with microsoft invoicing, microsoft bookings, and mileiq feature included manage tasks and teamwork with microsoft planner feature included maximum number of users 300 24/7 phone and web support feature included licensed for commercial use feature included special offer: 1 year free custom email domain.4 office 365 business premium $12.50 user/month (annual commitment) buy now or buy for $15.00 per user/month with a monthly commitment try free for 1 month learn more office 365 business essentials $5.00 user/month (annual commitment) buy now best for businesses that need business email and other business services on pc, mac, or mobile. desktop versions of office apps not included. office apps included (web and mobile versions only) 3 services included microsoftexchange microsoftonedrive microsoftsharepoint microsoftteams email hosting with 50 gb mailbox and custom email domain address feature included desktop versions of office apps on pc or mac: outlook, word, excel, powerpoint, (plus access and publisher for pc only) not included onenote: access to additional onenote features (features vary) not included web versions of word, excel, and powerpoint feature included plus a web version of outlook one license covers fully-installed office apps on 5 phones, 5 tablets, and 5 pcs or macs per user1 5 phones and 5 tablets only file storage and sharing with 1 tb of onedrive storage feature included company-wide intranet and team sites with sharepoint feature included online meetings and video conferencing for up to 250 people2 feature included hub for teamwork to connect your teams with microsoft teams feature included nurture customer relationships with outlook customer manager not included manage your business better with microsoft invoicing, microsoft bookings, and mileiq not included manage tasks and teamwork with microsoft planner feature included maximum number of users 300 24/7 phone and web support feature included licensed for commercial use feature included office 365 business essentials $5.00 user/month (annual commitment) buy now or buy for $6.00 per user/month with a monthly commitment learn more explore office looking for office as a one-time purchase? see options for enterprise what is office 365 for business? chat with sales 1 855-270-0615 available m-f from 6:00am to 6:00pm pt available monday to friday from 6am to 6pm pt contact us looking for office as a one-time purchase? compare products get the latest version of microsoft office products for your home and business with office 2019 and office 365. 1. compatible with windows 7 or later. for macos, see system requirements. tablet devices with screens larger than 10.1” require an office 365 plan licensed for desktop use in order to edit files. learn about mobile apps for business. 2. for hd calling, compatible hd hardware and broadband connection with at least 4 mbps required. 3. this plan works with the latest version of office, office 2013, and office 2011 for mac. previous versions of office, such as office 2010 and office 2007, may work with office 365 with reduced functionality. this compatibility with office does not include the exchange online kiosk or office 365 f1 plans. 4. annual commitment required. custom domain $12/year after the first year. only new office 365 for business subscribers eligible. limit one free year and one customer domain per organization. offer not transferrable. domains subject to availability and godaddy’s terms. us only.​​​​​​​ follow office what's new surface pro 6 surface laptop 2 surface go xbox one x xbox one s vr & mixed reality windows 10 apps office apps microsoft store account profile download center microsoft store support returns order tracking store locations buy online, pick up in store education microsoft in education office for students office 365 for schools deals for students & parents microsoft azure in education enterprise azure appsource automotive government healthcare manufacturing financial services retail developer microsoft visual studio windows dev center developer network technet microsoft developer program channel 9 office dev center microsoft garage company careers about microsoft company news privacy at microsoft investors diversity and inclusion accessibility security english (united states) sitemap contact microsoft privacy & cookies terms of use trademarks safety & eco about our ads © microsoft 2019