来源URL: https://web.archive.org/web/20211109040621/https://www.microsoft.com/en-us/microsoft-365/p/microsoft-365-personal/cfq7ttc0k5bf?icid=mscom_marcom_CPH3b_M365Personal_Store_Holiday22
================================================================================

buy microsoft 365 personal (formerly office 365) - microsoft store translate to english you are shopping microsoft store in: {0} are you looking for microsoft store in: {0}? stay in {0} go to {0} sign me up thank you! stay informed about special deals, the latest products, events, and more from microsoft store. email address (required) location (required) argentina australia austria belgium brazil canada chile colombia czech republic denmark finland france germany hungary india ireland israel italy japan luxembourg mexico netherlands new zealand norway poland portugal singapore south africa south korea spain sweden turkey switzerland united kingdom united states i would like information, tips, and offers about microsoft store and other microsoft products and services. click here to read the privacy statement . by clicking sign up, i agree that i would like to hear from microsoft and its family of companies about microsoft store and other microsoft products and services.to withdraw consent or manage your contact preferences, visit the promotional communications manager.click here to open the promotional communications manager click here to read the privacy statement . sign up you’re now signed up to receive microsoft store emails. thank you! questions? talk to an expert need help? chat now no thanks skip to main content microsoft microsoft 365 office windows surface xbox deals support more all microsoft microsoft 365 office windows surface xbox deals support software software windows apps onedrive outlook skype onenote microsoft teams microsoft edge pcs & devices pcs & devices computers shop xbox accessories vr & mixed reality phones entertainment entertainment xbox game pass ultimate xbox live gold xbox games pc games windows digital games movies & tv business business microsoft cloud microsoft azure microsoft dynamics 365 microsoft 365 windows 365 microsoft industry microsoft advertising shop business developer & it developer & it .net visual studio windows server windows dev center docs power platform power apps hololens 2 other other microsoft rewards free downloads & security education virtual workshops and training gift cards holiday gifts licensing microsoft experience center view sitemap search search microsoft.com cancel 0 cart 0 items in shopping cart sign in powerful apps for productivity, connection, and security microsoft 365 personalmicrosoft corporationfor pc, mac, ios, and android1 tb of cloud storage per personfor 1 personone convenient subscription that includes premium office apps, 1 tb of cloud storage, and advanced security for all your devices. with microsoft 365 personal you can: access smart assistance features, plus hundreds of premium templates, photos, icons, and fonts in word, excel, and powerpoint save and share files and photos across devices with onedrive experience advanced security protection in onedrive and outlook use the subscription on up to 5 devices at the same time contact support via chat or phone at no extra cost throughout your subscription$69.99/year buy and downloadorbuy now $6.99/monthneed more users? get microsoft 365 family for up to 6 people with 1 tb of cloud storage per person. subscription automatically renews. cancel anytime to stop future charges* overview requirements faq previous next key benefits it’s possible to run your life like a pro with the latest ai-powered apps, 1 tb of cloud storage, advanced security, and more, all in one convenient subscription. for one person works across multiple devices 1 tb of storage per person for windows, macos, ios, and android1 premium value included word excel powerpoint onenote outlook onedrive skype don't see the application you need? explore all options microsoft 365 highlights slide %{start} of %{total}. %{slidetitle} skip features of microsoft 365 personal section "previous slide" "next slide" bring out your best write and present like a pro with editing and writing options in word and layout suggestions and coaching in powerpoint. you’ll have access to smart assistance features and premium creative content in each app. choose from thousands of curated stock images, icons, and fonts to add your own flair quickly and beautifully. protect what’s important back up and access photos and files with 1 tb of onedrive cloud storage. plus, your personal vault folder adds a layer of security with two-step identity verification for your most important files. onedrive also has built-in ransomware detection and recovery capability, so everything you save is protected against digital attacks.2 organize your time now you can manage multiple calendars in one view to stay on top of work meetings, school assignments, and family time. sort through emails quickly with focused inbox and use suggested replies to instantly respond and move on. you can even do all this when you’re offline to keep life moving forward. accomplish more together whether it’s a school assignment, newsletter, or virtual get-together, you can seamlessly meet up and work with others at the same time to complete projects faster and stay connected. it’s easy to share onedrive files from your pc or mobile device and let friends, classmates, or family view, make suggestions, and edit the document. end of features of microsoft 365 personal section additional benefits and services microsoft editor write with confidence across documents, email, and the web with features that help strengthen your spelling, grammar, and style. outlook.com premium features enjoy a 50 gb, ad-free inbox and advanced features. protect your emails with message encryption and removal of dangerous attachments.3 plus, outlook is integrated with godaddy to make creating a personalized email address simple.5 money in excel view, track, organize, and plan your finances with money in excel. skype keep in touch with friends and family on their mobile phones or landlines with 60 minutes of skype calling per month.4 ai-powered creative tools get design, writing, and speaking suggestions with smart features like powerpoint presenter coach, resume assistant, designer, and ideas. special partner offers get access to curated offers from our partners. premium creative content access an extended collection of royalty-free creative content, including templates, stock photos, icons, and fonts. access (pc only) easily create and manage databases for projects, large or small. onedrive advanced security and backup know your files are protected and secure with built-in ransomware detection and recovery, two-step identity verification in onedrive personal vault, and automatic backups.2 publisher (pc only) create everything from simple greeting cards and labels to professional newsletters and posters. top questions expand all | collapse all what’s the difference between office 2021 (one-time purchase) and microsoft 365 (subscription)? office 2021 is sold as a one-time purchase, which means you pay a single, up-front cost to get office apps for one computer. one-time purchases are available for both pcs and macs. however, there are no upgrade options, which means if you plan to upgrade to the next major release, you'll have to buy it at full price. microsoft 365 is a subscription that includes the most collaborative, up-to-date features in one seamless, integrated experience. microsoft 365 includes the robust office desktop apps that you’re familiar with, like word, powerpoint, and excel. you also get extra online storage and cloud-connected features that let you collaborate on files in real time. with a subscription, you'll always have the latest features, fixes, and security updates along with ongoing tech support at no extra cost. you can choose to pay for your subscription on a monthly or yearly basis, and the microsoft 365 family plan lets you share your subscription with your family for up to 6 people, and use your apps on multiple pcs, macs, tablets, and phones. i’m an existing office 365 subscriber. what does this mean for me? this means that your office 365 subscription will automatically be renamed to microsoft 365. get everything you love about office 365, plus the additional benefits as they are released, all at the same price. no action is needed from your end. changes will begin starting april 21, 2020. how do i know if my pc or mac can run microsoft 365? microsoft 365 is compatible with pc, mac, android, and ios. see system requirements for compatible versions of your devices, and for other feature requirements. will microsoft 365 be identical on a pc and on a mac? no. microsoft 365’s applications are tailored for each platform and each operating system. the applications available for mac users and the specific features included may be different from those available for pc users. with microsoft 365, you can be flexible. with your account, you are not limited to exclusively mac or exclusively pc, so you can transition across devices. do i keep control of my documents with a microsoft 365 subscription? yes. documents that you have created belong fully to you. you can choose to store them online on onedrive or locally on your pc or mac. is internet access required for microsoft 365? internet access is required to install and activate all the latest releases of apps and services included in all microsoft 365 subscription plans. if you are an existing subscriber, you do not need to reinstall or purchase another subscription. for microsoft 365 plans, internet access is also needed to manage your subscription account, for example to install office apps on other pcs or to change billing options. internet access is also required to access documents stored on onedrive, unless you install the onedrive desktop app you should also connect to the internet regularly to keep your version of microsoft 365 up to date and to benefit from automatic upgrades. if you do not connect to the internet at least every 31 days, your apps will go into reduced functionality mode, which means that you can view or print your documents but cannot edit the documents or create new ones. to reactivate your apps, simply reconnect to the internet. you do not need to be connected to the internet to use the office apps, such as word, excel, and powerpoint, because the apps are fully installed on your computer. what is a microsoft account and why do i need it for microsoft 365? your microsoft account is the combination of an email address and password that you use to sign in to services like onedrive, xbox live, and outlook.com. if you use any of these services, you already have a microsoft account that you can use or you can create a new account. learn more about a microsoft account. as part of signing up for a trial or purchasing microsoft 365, you will be prompted to sign in with a microsoft account. you must be signed in with this account to install and manage your microsoft 365 subscription, or to use some subscription benefits, including onedrive storage. how many people can use a microsoft 365 subscription? you can share microsoft 365 family with 5 other people in your household, for a total of 6 users. microsoft 365 personal can be used by 1 person. how do i share my subscription benefits with members of my family? if you have an active microsoft 365 family subscription, you can share it with up to 5 members of your household. each household member you share your subscription with can install microsoft 365 on all their devices and sign in to 5 devices at the same time. to add someone to your subscription, visit your microsoft account and follow the instructions to add a user. each person you add will receive an email with the steps they need to follow. once they have accepted and completed the steps, their information, including the installs they are using, will appear on their my account page. you can stop sharing your subscription with someone or remove a device they are using on your microsoft account. if i’m not paying for a subscription, what do i get for free? learn more about using microsoft 365 apps for free. why shop at microsoft store from free shipping and returns to expert support and online workshops, we’re here to help you do more with best-in-class devices, software, games, and resources. learn more fast, free shipping get your order in 2-3 days with no minimum purchase required. see shipping details free returns return almost any product in like-new condition in its original packaging within 30 days. get up to 60 days for surface devices.** see returns details instant software downloads install most apps and software, like microsoft 365, windows, and xbox games, via digital download. learn about digital downloads questions? we’ve got answers. get one-on-one support any time via chat or phone, or find answers fast with common faqs. get support [1] ios and android require separate app installation. [2] onedrive ransomware recovery allows you to recover previous file versions for up to 30 days prior from the date of the attack. [3] the security features apply to customers who have an @outlook.com, @hotmail.com, @live.com, or @msn.com email address. [4] 60 monthly minutes. skype account required. excludes special, premium, and non-geographic numbers. calls to phones are for select countries only. skype minutes available in select countries. exclusions apply. learn more about skype minutes. [5] domain sold separately. you must maintain an active domain with godaddy to use this feature. learn more about new and unique offers from our partners. requires a microsoft 365 family and personal subscription. limited to the united states, canada, united kingdom, and australia. *you can cancel online by visiting the microsoft account site. sign in with the microsoft account that you used to buy your subscription, and then turn off recurring billing. then, your subscription will automatically expire when your remaining subscription time is up. for details, see “how to cancel your microsoft subscription” at the microsoft support site. **extended return offer period available with surface devices purchased from microsoft store in select markets. return process must be started within 60 days after customer received the device. not available for purchases by reseller customers. extended return offer period limited to 5 device returns total per eligible customer. excludes surface hub. void where prohibited or restricted by law. microsoft reserves the right to modify or discontinue offers at any time. other exclusions and limits may apply. microsoft store return policy applies to extended returns. see applicablemicrosoft terms of sale for more information. pc computer and processor 1.6 gigahertz (ghz) or faster, 2-core operating system windows 11, windows 10, windows 8.1 for the best experience, use the latest version of any operating system specified above. memory 4 gb ram 2 gb ram (32-bit) hard disk 4.0 gb of available disk space display 1280 x 768 screen resolution graphics graphics hardware acceleration requires directx 9 or later, with wddm 2.0 or higher for windows 10 (or wddm 1.3 or higher for windows 10 fall creators update). .net version some features may require .net 3.5 or 4.6 and higher to also be installed mac computer and processor intel processor operating system the 3 most recent versions of macos for the best experience, use the latest versions of any operating system specified above. memory 4 gb ram hard disk 10 gb of available disk space. hfs+ hard disk format (also known as mac os extended or apfs) display 1280 x 800 screen resolution graphics no graphics requirements android computer and processor arm-based or intel x86 processor operating system the last 4 major versions of android for the best experience, use the latest version of any operating system specified above. memory 1 gb ios computer and processor n/a operating system the 2 most recent versions of ios for the best experience, use the latest version of any operating system specified above. browser the current version of microsoft edge, internet explorer, safari, chrome, or firefox. get more details about browser requirements. other internet functionality requires an internet connection. fees may apply. a touch-enabled device is required to use any multi-touch functionality. but, all features and functionality are always available by using a keyboard, mouse, or other standard or accessible input device. product functionality and graphics may vary based on your system configuration. some features may require additional or advanced hardware or server connectivity. frequently asked questions find answers to commonly asked questions about microsoft 365. top questions existing subscribers language availability for microsoft 365 managing your microsoft 365 subscription renewals, cancellations, and billing top questions expand all | collapse all what’s the difference between office 2021 (one-time purchase) and microsoft 365 (subscription)? office 2021 is sold as a one-time purchase, which means you pay a single, up-front cost to get office apps for one computer. one-time purchases are available for both pcs and macs. however, there are no upgrade options, which means if you plan to upgrade to the next major release, you'll have to buy it at full price. microsoft 365 is a subscription that includes the most collaborative, up-to-date features in one seamless, integrated experience. microsoft 365 includes the robust office desktop apps that you’re familiar with, like word, powerpoint, and excel. you also get extra online storage and cloud-connected features that let you collaborate on files in real time. with a subscription, you'll always have the latest features, fixes, and security updates along with ongoing tech support at no extra cost. you can choose to pay for your subscription on a monthly or yearly basis, and the microsoft 365 family plan lets you share your subscription with your family for up to 6 people, and use your apps on multiple pcs, macs, tablets, and phones. i’m an existing office 365 subscriber. what does this mean for me? this means that your office 365 subscription will automatically be renamed to microsoft 365. get everything you love about office 365, plus the additional benefits as they are released, all at the same price. no action is needed from your end. changes will begin starting april 21, 2020. how do i know if my pc or mac can run microsoft 365? microsoft 365 is compatible with pc, mac, android, and ios. see system requirements for compatible versions of your devices, and for other feature requirements. will microsoft 365 be identical on a pc and on a mac? no. microsoft 365’s applications are tailored for each platform and each operating system. the applications available for mac users and the specific features included may be different from those available for pc users. with microsoft 365, you can be flexible. with your account, you are not limited to exclusively mac or exclusively pc, so you can transition across devices. do i keep control of my documents with a microsoft 365 subscription? yes. documents that you have created belong fully to you. you can choose to store them online on onedrive or locally on your pc or mac. is internet access required for microsoft 365? internet access is required to install and activate all the latest releases of apps and services included in all microsoft 365 subscription plans. if you are an existing subscriber, you do not need to reinstall or purchase another subscription. for microsoft 365 plans, internet access is also needed to manage your subscription account, for example to install office apps on other pcs or to change billing options. internet access is also required to access documents stored on onedrive, unless you install the onedrive desktop app you should also connect to the internet regularly to keep your version of microsoft 365 up to date and to benefit from automatic upgrades. if you do not connect to the internet at least every 31 days, your apps will go into reduced functionality mode, which means that you can view or print your documents but cannot edit the documents or create new ones. to reactivate your apps, simply reconnect to the internet. you do not need to be connected to the internet to use the office apps, such as word, excel, and powerpoint, because the apps are fully installed on your computer. what is a microsoft account and why do i need it for microsoft 365? your microsoft account is the combination of an email address and password that you use to sign in to services like onedrive, xbox live, and outlook.com. if you use any of these services, you already have a microsoft account that you can use or you can create a new account. learn more about a microsoft account. as part of signing up for a trial or purchasing microsoft 365, you will be prompted to sign in with a microsoft account. you must be signed in with this account to install and manage your microsoft 365 subscription, or to use some subscription benefits, including onedrive storage. how many people can use a microsoft 365 subscription? you can share microsoft 365 family with 5 other people in your household, for a total of 6 users. microsoft 365 personal can be used by 1 person. how do i share my subscription benefits with members of my family? if you have an active microsoft 365 family subscription, you can share it with up to 5 members of your household. each household member you share your subscription with can install microsoft 365 on all their devices and sign in to 5 devices at the same time. to add someone to your subscription, visit your microsoft account and follow the instructions to add a user. each person you add will receive an email with the steps they need to follow. once they have accepted and completed the steps, their information, including the installs they are using, will appear on their my account page. you can stop sharing your subscription with someone or remove a device they are using at your microsoft account. if i’m not paying for a subscription, what do i get for free? learn more about using microsoft 365 apps for free. existing subscribers expand all | collapse all i’m an existing office 365 subscriber. what does this mean for me? this means that your office 365 subscription will automatically be renamed to microsoft 365. no action is needed from your end. will i have to pay more? no, your subscription cost will not change. when will the change occur? changes began starting april 21, 2020. which version of microsoft 365 will i receive? if you’re an office 365 personal subscriber, you will be switched to a microsoft 365 personal subscription. if you’re an office 365 home subscriber, you will be switched to a microsoft 365 family subscription. if you’re an office 365 solo subscriber (available only in japan), you will be switched to a microsoft 365 personal subscription. where and how do i access my new features for microsoft 365? you can access new features through your microsoft account. learn more about a microsoft account. what do i need to do to start using microsoft 365? you do not need to take any additional action to start using microsoft 365 because your existing office 365 subscription will transition automatically to microsoft 365. will i be able to open my office 365 files in microsoft 365? yes, you will be able to open office 365 files in microsoft 365. i already bought a pre-paid subscription for office 365. what happens now? the subscription will be automatically converted to microsoft 365 at redemption. the user will receive a transition message communicating that office 365 is now microsoft 365. what is the difference between office 365 and microsoft 365? microsoft 365 includes everything you love about office 365 and more, at the same price. we’ve added value to the office 365 subscription to make it microsoft 365. with microsoft 365, you receive additional benefits including microsoft editor, money in excel, and premium creative content in office, plus more to come. why did you change the name from office 365 to microsoft 365? we changed the name to be more reflective of the range of benefits within the subscription, which now extend beyond premium office apps to include more value. does the change from office 365 to microsoft 365 affect how i share my microsoft 365 family subscription with others? you will still have the same users on your new microsoft 365 family subscription—up to 5 other family members within your home, (unrelated) roommates, or even remote family members. when i share my subscription with others, will they also be able to see one another’s onedrive files? the files and folders you store in onedrive are private. if you’d like, you can use onedrive to share photos, microsoft office documents, other files, and entire folders with people. you can see who a onedrive file is shared with or stop sharing a onedrive file at any time. language availability for microsoft 365 expand all | collapse all for which languages is microsoft 365 available? microsoft 365 plans are available in most countries/regions. in countries/regions where microsoft 365 plans are not available, you can still buy an office 2021 suite, a one-time purchase which includes 2021 versions of the office apps, but no additional security or storage features. when buying microsoft 365, it’s important that you select the country/region in which you will be billed and in which you’ll use the software. selecting a different country/region may cause problems with subscription setup and renewal. can i use microsoft 365 in languages other than the one i originally purchased? yes. microsoft offers simple and cost-effective solutions for multilingual individuals, families, and small businesses. each time you install office apps on an additional pc or mac, you can choose the language in which to install office apps. managing your microsoft 365 subscription expand all | collapse all how do i manage my microsoft 365 subscription? you can manage your billing information, install or remove microsoft 365 or office apps from additional pcs or macs, and manage your installations of office apps on other devices at any time. visit support pages to install microsoft 365 and office apps or manage microsoft 365 and office accounts. when does my subscription start? if you purchased a recurring billing subscription, your subscription starts when you complete your purchase. recurring billing subscriptions may be purchased from microsoft store, the itunes® store, the mac app store, and some other retailers. if you purchased a pre-paid subscription, your subscription starts when you activate your subscription on setup.office.com. pre-paid subscriptions may be purchased from a retailer or reseller, or a microsoft support agent. how much onedrive storage do i get with microsoft 365? onedrive is an online storage service that you can use to store documents, notes, photos, music, videos, or other types of files. with onedrive you can access your files from nearly any device, and you can share them with others. sign up for onedrive. the amount of additional storage that you get depends on your subscription: customers with an active microsoft 365 personal subscription receive an additional 1 tb of onedrive storage per subscription plus 5 gb of storage for free. customers with an active microsoft 365 family subscription receive an additional 1 tb of onedrive storage per user, for up to 6 users, plus 5 gb of storage for one user. each additional user must have their own microsoft account and be added to the microsoft account site. the additional storage is applied to the onedrive account that is linked to the microsoft account used to create the microsoft 365 subscription. for microsoft 365 family, the storage is tied to the microsoft accounts of the household members who have been added to the subscription. which microsoft account should i sign in with when using onedrive? to access documents stored on onedrive, sign into microsoft 365 with the microsoft account that you used to set up microsoft 365. if you share your microsoft 365 subscription with other members of your household, they should sign in with their microsoft account. learn more about signing into microsoft 365. you can also sign into onedrive directly at onedrive.com. are my documents stored in onedrive also available offline? yes. if you’re using windows 8.1 or windows 10, onedrive is preinstalled. to access your documents when you’re not connected to the internet, open file explorer on your pc and go to the onedrive folder. when you reconnect, onedrive updates the online versions with changes you made offline. visit the onedrive for windows 8.1 and onedrive for windows 10 support pages for more details. you can also download and install onedrive for windows 7 or windows vista, or install onedrive for mac. the onedrive app creates a folder that automatically syncs between onedrive and your computer, so you can work on your documents—even when you’re offline. why can’t i have both a microsoft 365 family subscription and a microsoft 365 personal subscription? your microsoft account can have only one active microsoft 365 consumer subscription. you can either convert your microsoft 365 family subscription to microsoft 365 personal, or you can wait until your current subscription expires before purchasing your microsoft 365 personal subscription. are there other support options? for help and how-to content, visit microsoft support. for free video-based training, visit microsoft 365 training. renewals, cancellations, and billing expand all | collapse all what billing options do i have for my microsoft 365 subscription? recurring billing is the simplest way to ensure continued service. you can set up monthly or annual recurring billing by visiting the microsoft account site. if you have a monthly subscription, you can save money by converting it to an annual subscription at the microsoft account site. what happens when my subscription ends? how can i continue to work with my documents? as the expiration date approaches, you will receive notifications in the office apps and via email, alerting you to the upcoming expiration. if you choose to let your subscription expire, the office apps enter read-only mode, which means that you can view or print documents, but you can’t create new documents or edit existing documents. in read-only mode, you can still access and download your files for up to three months by signing into onedrive directly using the microsoft account you used to set up microsoft 365. however, the additional storage that comes with your subscription is lost, so you must save your files elsewhere or buy more onedrive storage if your onedrive account exceeds the free storage quota of 5 gb. note: if you need to create or edit office documents, you can use online versions of word, excel, powerpoint, and onenote for free at office.com. if you're using a windows 10 device, you may already have the free office mobile apps installed. to learn more, see office mobile apps for windows 10: getting started. i stopped sharing the subscription with a family member. what happens to the documents they stored in onedrive? they can still access and download their files by signing into onedrive directly using their microsoft account. if their onedrive account exceeds the free storage quota of 5 gb, they'll need to save files elsewhere or buy more onedrive storage. will i be notified before i’m charged? you will be notified before you’re charged to continue your subscription for another year if you have an annual subscription. if you are signed up for a monthly subscription, your payment will be debited each month and you won’t be notified in advance. you can change your payment method or cancel your subscription to stop future charges at any time by visiting your microsoft account and signing in with the microsoft account that you used to buy microsoft 365. how do i continue my microsoft 365 subscription? you have a few options to continue your subscription. regardless of the option you choose, be sure to use the same microsoft account that you used when setting up your subscription. if you have a recurring billing subscription, it will continue until cancelled. your billing settings are shown on the microsoft account site after you sign in with the microsoft account that you used to buy microsoft 365. if recurring billing is not enabled, visit the microsoft 365 renewal page to purchase a microsoft 365 recurring billing subscription. the additional time will be automatically added to the remaining time on your existing subscription. will i keep my remaining subscription time if i pay early? yes. when you pay early to the same microsoft 365 plan that you already have, the additional time is added to your existing subscription. for example, if you have 2 months left on your current subscription to microsoft 365 family and you pay for a one year subscription (12 months), your subscription will run for 14 more months. how do i cancel my microsoft 365 recurring billing subscription? if you purchased a recurring billing subscription from microsoft via microsoft store or microsoft365.com, you have two options for cancelling: you can cancel online by visiting the microsoft account site, signing in with the microsoft account that you used to buy your subscription, and then turning off recurring billing. with this approach, your subscription will automatically expire when your remaining subscription time is up. to cancel immediately, contact microsoft support and request an immediate cancellation. if you purchased a recurring billing subscription from another retailer, you may have to cancel your subscription with that retailer. you can confirm this by visiting the microsoft account site. back to tabs back to top what's new surface pro 8 surface laptop studio surface pro x surface go 3 surface duo 2 surface pro 7+ windows 11 apps hololens 2 microsoft store account profile download center microsoft store support returns order tracking virtual workshops and training microsoft store promise flexible payments education microsoft in education office for students office 365 for schools deals for students & parents microsoft azure in education enterprise azure appsource automotive government healthcare manufacturing financial services retail developer microsoft visual studio windows dev center developer center microsoft developer program channel 9 microsoft 365 dev center microsoft 365 developer program microsoft garage company careers about microsoft company news privacy at microsoft investors diversity and inclusion accessibility security english (united states) sitemap contact microsoft privacy manage cookies terms of use trademarks safety & eco about our ads © microsoft 2021