来源URL: https://web.archive.org/web/20231129183919/https://www.microsoft.com/en-us/education/products/teams
================================================================================

microsoft teams for schools and students | microsoft education eduv2.msftedu.com skip to main content microsoft education education education home products for your school devices microsoft 365 microsoft teams office 365 windows 11 minecraft education onenote edge setup & management setup & management intune for education azure dynamics education apps mixed reality featured solution areas learning accelerators learning tools social-emotional learning cybersecurity solutions accessibility tools resources, training & events resource center events calendar educator center interactive demos browse by audience school leaders school leaders school leaders overview school and instructional solutions school leaders tools training and programs resource center educators educators educators overview literacy solutions technology in your classroom social and emotional learning stem learning student-centered learning training and community students and parents students and parents students overview parents overview it pro it pro it pro overview deployment cybersecurity solutions training and support higher education higher education higher education overview cloud solutions academic research campus safety and security campus solutions student success management higher education skills getting started how to buy contact sales support resources shop for home more contact sales search search microsoft in education no results cancel get ready for csedweek with microsoft education’s free stem resources for your school > education contact sales education products teams empower students and educators with microsoft teams for schools finally, there’s a better way to connect the dots between in-person and remote learning. microsoft teams for education brings everyone and everything together in one powerful communication app for schools–and it’s free for students and teachers of all grade levels with a valid email address. download teams now connect with an expert sign in with email collaborate seamlessly microsoft teams for schools makes it easy for educators to set up virtual classrooms, keep assignments organized, and collaborate on word, excel, and powerpoint files in real time. support inclusivity supplement your in-classroom activities with personalized tools designed to accommodate the diverse learning styles of every student, from k-12 to higher education. communicate securely reach out to students, staff, parents, and guardians in a secure digital environment—including video conferencing and supervised messaging for students. connect, collaborate, and educate, all in one place encourage independent learning access personalized tools that allow students to practice and learn on their own–with help from our ai-assisted digital learning coaches and built-in progress trackers. build literacy confidence with reading progress improve public speaking skills with presenter coach sharpen professional expertise with career coach track each student’s progress with educational insight develop social skills support students’ emotional and social well-being and provide a safe space to navigate feelings with age-appropriate activities that promote social-emotional learning (sel). check in on students’ emotional states with reflect bring emotions to life with the feelings monster have fun with ready-to-play sel games in kahoot! go beyond the classroom use microsoft teams for education to bridge the gap between educational and professional environments with hands-on learning tools that help students succeed in the classroom and beyond. submit, save, and extract information from handwritten notes and assignments with office lens divide students into smaller breakout rooms for ice breakers, exam prep, discussions, or group work use the assignments and grades feature to assign tasks, quiz students, use grading rubrics, and track individual and class-wide achievements over time address learning barriers implement proven techniques that make the educational experience more accessible and inclusive for all students regardless of their age, language, fluency, or abilities. get access to asl visibility features, text decoding solutions, and much more with immersive reader translate lectures or lessons into a student’s language of choice with onenote live captions start using microsoft teams for education today use teams for free students and teachers from k-12 to collegiate level can use teams for free with an eligible active school email. download now sign in with email do more with microsoft 365 explore a range of affordable pricing plans and get access to even more of microsoft’s education tools, services, and apps for schools. compare education plans connect with an expert access files from anywhere with teams + office 365, you can sync up all your apps for school, documents, and resources in one secure location. co-author word, excel, and powerpoint files on any device get creative and visualize ideas on whiteboard search and share lesson plans and assignments with onenote integrate into your lms incorporate microsoft’s suite of educational tools directly into your school’s learning management systems (lms). bring office 365 into your workflows with onedrive lti manage and join meetings with teams meetings lti sync with canvas, blackboard, moodle, and more trusted by 270k+ educational organizations we have a whole new tool kit with teams that we can use to do things we’d never considered before, and that opens up possibilities for our students and for our teachers that benefit everyone. casey rimmer, director of innovation and edtech, union county public schools see the teams case study i think that's what teams does. it's amazing, because we think about how a conversation is carried today and how kids have conversations today. rob dickson, cio, wichita public schools see the teams case study we were just starting to dabble in teams, so when we went remote, we turned around and said everyone is using teams. now we have teachers saying they will never abandon microsoft teams. they say, ‘i cannot imagine what i did before!’ and that has been essential for finding new ways of collaboration for the students. jeni long, instructional technologist, eagle mountain saginaw independent school district see the teams case study make the most of teams learn how to use key teams features like whiteboard, polling, spotlight, and more. how-tos watch step-by-step tutorials on how to use a range of teams features. watch teams tutorials interactive demos get hands-on experience with all of microsoft’s education tools. explore teams demos teams hub find resources and trainings for how to use teams to help improve student outcomes. go to teams hub getting started guide students, teachers, and parents alike can learn how to use teams in a few simple steps. view teams guide education support center get answers to your questions, find best practices, and learn from the microsoft education community. visit education support center microsoft support find help with all things related to microsoft products, apps for schools, software, and services. contact microsoft support microsoft everyday real learning community connect with a global community dedicated to improving distance learning with help from peers and experts. join the community frequently asked questions use the arrow keys to navigate through the pivots and tab to focus on focusable content inside a pivot section. onboarding troubleshooting safety and security additional resources expand all | collapse all q: how do i sign in to microsoft teams for education? to access microsoft teams for education, click sign in and enter the email address and password provided by your school. if your school is already signed up for office 365 or microsoft 365 for education and has turned on access to microsoft teams, or if your school is an accredited academic institution, you’ll be able to sign in or sign up. if you’re having trouble, please contact your school’s it administrator. sign in to teams for students q: how do i create class and staff teams? learn how to create class and staff teams in microsoft teams in just a few simple steps.create class team create staff team q: how do i create, attend, and run meetings in microsoft teams for schools? get clear guidance for creating, attending, and running meetings—with specific tips for educators, students, and administrators. create and run meetings q: how do i get support if teams isn't working? need help? try these troubleshooting tips, email office support with your question, visit the office support center, or ask the microsoft education community.teams troubleshooting guidecontact supportvisit support centerask the community q: where can i propose ideas for new teams features for schools? tell us how we can make teams better for your classroom and staff with our teams uservoice forum.suggest new features q: what control do educators and school it have for student safety in online meetings? educators and it administrators have many options to keep students safe before, during, and after classes held in online meetings and in student-to-student interaction. learn more about how educators can help keep students safe in ourteams guide for it professionals and educators. q: where can i find more professional development and education training resources for teams? build your remote and hybrid teaching skills with free online training and resources, including live stores sessions, professional development training, on-demand content, and more.get started on teams educator traininggo to teams webinar playlistget started with online teams training course q: i'm a parent or guardian. are there resources to help with distance learning? yes! check outsome educational resourcesfor parents to learn more about how to keep distance learning engaging, and find additional activities for your children. explore more of microsoft microsoft 365 go beyond teams with a suite of solutions. learn more about microsoft 365 blog school stories microsoft learn educator center contact sales resources newsletter follow this page microsoft education facebook page. microsoft education twitter page. microsoft education instagram. microsoft education linked in page. microsoft education pintrest page. share this page share this page on facebook. share this page on twitter. share this page on linked in. share this page on pintrest. live chat what's new surface laptop studio 2 surface laptop go 3 surface pro 9 surface laptop 5 surface studio 2+ copilot in windows microsoft 365 windows 11 apps microsoft store account profile download center microsoft store support returns order tracking certified refurbished microsoft store promise flexible payments education microsoft in education devices for education microsoft teams for education microsoft 365 education how to buy for your school educator training and development deals for students and parents azure for students business microsoft cloud microsoft security dynamics 365 microsoft 365 microsoft power platform microsoft teams microsoft industry small business developer & it azure developer center documentation microsoft learn microsoft tech community azure marketplace appsource visual studio company careers about microsoft company news privacy at microsoft investors diversity and inclusion accessibility sustainability english (united states) california consumer privacy act (ccpa) opt-out icon your privacy choices california consumer privacy act (ccpa) opt-out icon your privacy choices contact us privacy manage cookies terms of use trademarks about our ads © microsoft 2023