来源URL: https://web.archive.org/web/20231129183919/https://www.microsoft.com/en-us/store/b/returns
================================================================================

microsoft store refund & return policy (surface, xbox, etc.) trace id is missing translate to english you are shopping microsoft store in: {0} are you looking for microsoft store in: {0}? stay in {0} go to {0} sign me up thank you! stay informed about special deals, the latest products, events and more from microsoft store. email address (required) location (required) argentina australia austria belgium brazil canada chile colombia czech republic denmark finland france germany hungary india ireland israel italy japan luxembourg mexico netherlands new zealand norway poland portugal singapore south africa south korea spain sweden turkey switzerland united kingdom united states i would like information, tips, and offers about microsoft store and other microsoft products and services. privacy statement . by clicking sign up, i agree that i would like to hear from microsoft and its family of companies about microsoft store and other microsoft products and services. to withdraw consent or manage your contact preferences, visit the promotional communications manager. privacy statement . sign up you‚äôre now signed up to receive microsoft store emails. thank you! questions? talk to an expert can we help you? chat now no thanks skip to main content microsoft microsoft 365 teams copilot windows surface xbox cyber week deals small business support more all microsoft global microsoft 365 teams copilot windows surface xbox cyber week deals small business support software software windows apps ai outlook onedrive microsoft teams onenote microsoft edge skype pcs & devices pcs & devices computers shop xbox accessories vr & mixed reality certified refurbished trade-in for cash entertainment entertainment xbox game pass ultimate pc game pass xbox games pc and windows games movies & tv business business microsoft cloud microsoft security dynamics 365 microsoft 365 for business microsoft power platform windows 365 microsoft industry small business developer & it developer & it azure developer center documentation microsoft learn microsoft tech community azure marketplace appsource visual studio other other microsoft rewards free downloads & security education gift cards holiday gifts licensing unlocked stories view sitemap search search microsoft.com no results cancel 0 cart 0 items in shopping cart sign in our extended free returns policy enjoy free returns on almost any physical product you buy from us. just send it back in like-new condition in its original packaging by january 31, 2024 for a full refund. some exclusions apply. how to start your free return ensure your product is eligible for return. in your microsoft account, visit the ‚ä?order history‚äô page to find the product you purchased. if there‚äôs a ‚ä?request a return‚äô button next to it, it‚äôs eligible. print out a prepaid shipping label. select ‚ä?request a return‚äô and follow the instructions. using the label, ship the product back to us. return the product in like-new condition in its original packaging with all parts and documentation included. give us a week to process your return. once we receive the item and confirm eligibility, we‚äôll issue a refund within 3-5 business days to your original payment method. learn more about returns and exchanges chat with us frequently asked questions expand all | collapse all what is the microsoft store extended returns policy? you can return any almost any physical product by january 31, 2024 for a full refund, as long as you purchased it online from microsoft store and you return it in like-new condition¬†in its original packaging, along with all parts, components, instruction manuals, and documentation that were initially included. there‚äôs a limit of up to five product returns per eligible order purchase. exclusions to the extended microsoft store return policy include the surface hub, hololens, and windows devkit. for additional details about the microsoft store returns policy, visit the microsoft terms of sale. for purchases made at a microsoft experience center, see your receipt for more information.¬†¬† what if i‚äôm returning a product because it‚äôs defective? if you‚äôve received a product that‚äôs damaged or defective, please visit returning items you bought from microsoft for more information.¬† how do i know if the product is eligible for a return? prior to buying a product, you can go to the product‚äôs detail page to find relevant return information. if you‚äôve already bought the product, visit the ‚ä?order history‚äô page in your microsoft account to locate the item. you‚äôll see ‚ä?request a return‚äô next to the product if it‚äôs eligible for return.¬† can i return one item that was purchased as part of a bundle? no, single items from a bundle can‚äôt be returned on their own. all items in a bundle must be returned together to be eligible for a refund.¬† can i return an app or digital game? digital goods‚äēsuch as apps, games, add-on content, subscriptions, movies, tv shows, and books‚äēare not eligible for a return unless applicable law states that you're eligible for a refund. you can learn more about returning digital goods on our returns and exchanges support page.¬† how do i cancel a microsoft subscription? you can find out how to cancel a microsoft subscription or free trial subscription, including xbox live and microsoft 365, by visiting the¬†cancel your microsoft subscription support page.¬† can i return a digital gift card or service/subscription card? no, digital gift cards and service/subscription cards, such as skype or xbox live, are ineligible for return. for details about our return and refund policy, see¬†microsoft terms of sale.¬† does the microsoft store return policy only apply to items purchased at microsoft store? yes, microsoft store‚äôs return policy only applies to products purchased from us. microsoft does not accept returns of microsoft products (or any other products) purchased from another retailer. for purchases made at a microsoft experience center, see your receipt for more information. are returns free? when you start an eligible return, you‚äôll have the opportunity to print out a prepaid shipping label at no cost to you. within 3-5 business days of receiving your return, we‚äôll credit your original payment method with the full amount you paid, minus any applicable original shipping fees (e.g. express shipping charges). however, if you‚äôre returning the product because you‚äôre dissatisfied with the license agreement or warranty, we‚äôll make an exception and refund any original shipping charges associated with the item.¬† do i need to use the original packaging for my return? yes, you‚äôll need to return the eligible product in like-new condition in its original packaging, along with all parts, components, instruction manuals, and documentation that were initially included. packaged software and packaged games must be returned with their seal intact and must include all media and product keys.¬† how do i request a prepaid shipping label? to request a prepaid shipping label, visit the ‚ä?order history‚äô page in your¬†microsoft account. once you locate the product you want to return, select ‚ä?request a return.‚äô if you don‚äôt see this option next to your product, please visit¬†returning items you bought from microsoft¬†for more information.¬† how can i track the status of my return and refund? you can track the status of a return by visiting the ‚ä?order history‚äô page in your¬†microsoft account. the return and refund status will be listed next to the product you‚äôve returned. when should i expect to receive my refund? once we receive your item and verify eligibility, we‚äôll issue a refund. refunds are generally processed within 3‚äď5 business days and are applied to the original payment method. how will i receive my refund? refunds will be issued to the same payment method used to place the order, unless you choose a microsoft store credit in the amount of the refund. will you contact me when the refund is complete? you‚äôll receive an email confirming the refund has been issued. if you see we've issued the refund, but the money hasn't been credited back to your payment provider, please wait a few additional days. refunds are generally processed within 3‚äď5 business days and are applied to the original payment method. what if i have more questions about returns? we‚äôre here to answer any questions you have. please visit¬†returning items you bought from microsoft¬†for more information. gift with confidence we offer free 2-3 day shipping, plus extended free returns and extended price protection through jan 31, 2024. learn about these benefits and more buy now, pay later. as low as 0% apr. microsoft store and partners offer you simple, safe ways to pay at checkout‚äēso you can get your holiday shopping done now. learn about flexible payment options price protection all season long buy gifts now, enjoy extended price protection through jan 31, 2024. if we drop the price of a physical product or you find it lower at an eligible retailer, contact us and we‚äôll honor a one-time price adjustment. exclusions apply. learn about price protection 2-3 day shipping and extended returns enjoy free shipping with no minimum purchase. plus, we‚äôll accept returns on most physical products through jan 31, 2024. see shipping details learn about returns get cash for your used device trade in any eligible device‚äēlaptop, tablet, phone, or game console‚äēfrom a variety of brands and get cash back. learn about trade-ins flexible payments:¬†with approval of citizens pay line of credit at 0% apr and 12- or 18-month term. subject to individual credit approval. see the citizens pay line of credit agreement‚äįfor full terms¬†and conditions. citizens pay line of credit account offered by citizens bank, n.a.‚äč ‚äčprice protection:¬†microsoft store price adjustment:¬†holiday extended price protection¬†valid on purchases of qualifying¬†physical consumer and commercial¬†products purchased from microsoft store¬†online and microsoft¬†experience centers in select markets¬†between 10/16/23 - 12/1/23.¬†¬†price adjustment may be requested until¬†january 31, 2024.¬†eligible retailer price adjustment:¬†holiday extended¬†price protection¬†valid on¬†purchases of qualifying physical consumer products¬†purchased¬†from microsoft store online and microsoft¬†experience centers in select markets¬†between 10/16/23 -¬†12/1/23.¬†price adjustment may be requested until¬†january 31, 2024. an eligible retailer price adjustment cannot be requested at time of purchase. microsoft¬†reserves the right to verify an eligible¬†retailer‚äôs advertised price and availability of the product.¬†the¬†product sold by the eligible retailer must be identical to the product sold by microsoft and must be in¬†stock for purchase at the eligible¬†retailer at the reduced price. exclusions apply.¬†both price adjustments:¬†customer is eligible only if the product is in stock for purchase at microsoft store or a microsoft¬†experience center. customer must¬†contact microsoft to request the adjustment. for purchases from¬†microsoft store, contact microsoft store sales and support with your microsoft account information and¬†any other information¬†requested by a representative.¬†for purchases from a microsoft experience center,¬†you must return to the location with your receipt. limit 1 price adjustment total per product. excludes¬†surface hub,¬†hololens, and windows¬†devkit. see¬†here¬†for full terms and full list of eligible retailers.‚äč‚äč ‚äčreturns: holiday extended return policy available with eligible physical products¬†purchased between 10/16/23 - 12/1/23 from microsoft store online and¬†microsoft experience centers in select¬†markets.¬†purchases can be returned¬†through january 31, 2024.¬†limit 5 product returns per eligible customer¬†purchase. excludes surface hub, hololens, and windows¬†devkit. applicable¬†return policy¬†applies. for purchases made at microsoft store, see applicable¬†microsoft terms of sale¬†for more information. for purchases made at a¬†microsoft experience center, see receipt for more information.‚äč ‚äčtrade-in:¬†available only through the microsoft online store in the united states (including puerto rico). offer valid for reimbursements after trade in of qualifying devices (pc, laptop,¬†mobile phone,¬†tablet, video game console). to be eligible for trade in, you must own the qualifying device, device must power on, battery must hold charge and not be required to be plugged in to operate, and be in¬†fully-functional, working condition without broken/missing components, cracked display/housing, liquid damage, modification(s) or have device warranty seal broken. device cannot be password¬†protected, and must include original chargers/accessories, and must contain hard drive. customer must mail in the qualifying trade-in device to be eligible for the reimbursements. all trade-ins are final.¬†cannot be transferred or otherwise redeemed for cash or gift cards, or credit towards other devices or products. may not be combined with other offers. price discount does not include taxes, shipping,¬†or other fees. void¬†where¬†prohibited or restricted by law. microsoft reserves the right to modify or discontinue offers at any time.‚äč ‚äčmicrosoft reserves the right to modify or discontinue offers at any time. back to top what's new surface laptop studio 2 surface laptop go 3 surface pro 9 surface laptop 5 surface studio 2+ copilot in windows microsoft 365 windows 11 apps microsoft store account profile download center microsoft store support returns order tracking certified refurbished microsoft store promise flexible payments education microsoft in education devices for education microsoft teams for education microsoft 365 education how to buy for your school educator training and development deals for students and parents azure for students business microsoft cloud microsoft security dynamics 365 microsoft 365 microsoft power platform microsoft teams microsoft industry small business developer & it azure developer center documentation microsoft learn microsoft tech community azure marketplace appsource visual studio company careers about microsoft company news privacy at microsoft investors diversity and inclusion accessibility sustainability english (united states) california consumer privacy act (ccpa) opt-out icon your privacy choices california consumer privacy act (ccpa) opt-out icon your privacy choices sitemap contact microsoft privacy manage cookies terms of use terms of sale trademarks safety & eco recycling about our ads © microsoft 2023