来源URL: https://web.archive.org/web/20231129183919/https://www.microsoft.com/en-us/store/b/business
================================================================================

small business solutions & computers - microsoft business store translate to english you are shopping microsoft store in: {0} are you looking for microsoft store in: {0}? stay in {0} go to {0} sign me up thank you! stay informed about special deals, the latest products, events and more from microsoft store. email address (required) location (required) argentina australia austria belgium brazil canada chile colombia czech republic denmark finland france germany hungary india ireland israel italy japan luxembourg mexico netherlands new zealand norway poland portugal singapore south africa south korea spain sweden turkey switzerland united kingdom united states i would like information, tips, and offers about microsoft store and other microsoft products and services. privacy statement . by clicking sign up, i agree that i would like to hear from microsoft and its family of companies about microsoft store and other microsoft products and services. to withdraw consent or manage your contact preferences, visit the promotional communications manager. privacy statement . sign up you’re now signed up to receive microsoft store emails. thank you! questions? talk to an expert can we help you? chat now no thanks skip to main content microsoft small business small business small business home surface 2-in-1 tablets 2-in-1 tablets surface go 4 for business surface pro 9 for business surface pro 8 for business surface go 3 for business surface pro 7+ for business laptops laptops surface laptop studio 2 for business surface laptop go 3 for business surface laptop 5 for business surface laptop 4 for business surface laptop studio for business surface laptop go 2 for business small and large screens small and large screens surface hub 3 for business surface studio 2+ for business surface hub 2s business accessories business accessories surface hub 3 pack for business all business accessories power docks type covers and keyboards surface pen, dial and mice audio and video need help deciding? need help deciding? compare surface devices surface for business deals certified refurbished surface for business pcs & devices software developer support more shop deals all microsoft global microsoft 365 teams copilot windows surface xbox cyber week deals small business support software software windows apps ai outlook onedrive microsoft teams onenote microsoft edge skype pcs & devices pcs & devices computers shop xbox accessories vr & mixed reality certified refurbished trade-in for cash entertainment entertainment xbox game pass ultimate pc game pass xbox games pc and windows games movies & tv business business microsoft cloud microsoft security dynamics 365 microsoft 365 for business microsoft power platform windows 365 microsoft industry small business developer & it developer & it azure developer center documentation microsoft learn microsoft tech community azure marketplace appsource visual studio other other microsoft rewards free downloads & security education gift cards holiday gifts licensing unlocked stories view sitemap search search microsoft.com no results cancel 0 cart 0 items in shopping cart sign in cyber week for business is on. shop surface for business deals small business solutions surface for business enable your team to work their way, with devices that offer flexibility, power, and style. explore business devices compare business devices shop business accessories refurbished surface for business business deals business software surface hub save up to $350 surface laptop 5 for business do it all with lightning-fast performance, built-in security, and sleek portability. shop surface laptop 5 for business save up to $311 surface pro 9 for business bundle enjoy tablet versatility in our most powerful pro yet—and save up to $311 when you pair a select device with surface pro signature keyboard for business. build your bundle save up to $200 surface pro 9 for business empower flexible, all-day impact with tablet portability and laptop performance. shop surface pro 9 for business save up to $316 surface laptop 5 for business bundle do it all with style, speed, and performance when you bundle surface laptop 5 for business with a microsoft complete protection plan for business. build your bundle microsoft 365 for business focus on your business and trust the end-to-end security from microsoft to protect your data, customers, and business. compare and choose from a variety of plans. compare plans microsoft advertising leverage the cost-effective way to connect with more customers and take your business to the next level. see advertising options microsoft teams essentials designed specifically for small businesses, teams essentials helps you easily engage with customers and team members securely from a single cloud-first platform. improve your collaboration free shipping and extended returns learn more 0% apr financing learn about financing extended price protection learn more trade in used devices for cash get a trade-in value learn more about surface for business slide %{start} of %{total}. %{slidetitle} skip surface for business videos pause previous slide next slide next-level security better protection for your small business. watch the video empower productivity learn how surface for business devices enable flexibility, hybrid work, and collaboration. watch the video raising the bar on collaboration "technology defines the employee experience. i can’t say enough about what our teams accomplish through the connected collaboration they enjoy with microsoft solutions." - j. trinidad garibay: ceo and cofounder (elite construction + development) watch the video end of surface for business videos section tips to maximize employee productivity help your small business employees get more done—outfit them with the right surface for business device and solutions, including this free ebook that introduces three best practices for productivity. download the e-book stay in the know be the first to hear about special deals, product releases, virtual events, and more from microsoft store. sign up for email alerts frequently asked questions expand all | collapse all where can i find more information about laptops and pcs for small business? learn about surface for business devices and explore laptops, pcs, 2-in-1s, and more with unique features designed for your business needs. take your office to new levels of creativity, collaboration, and productivity with microsoft surface business products. where can i find more information about software for small business? learn about our innovative software solutions for business and find the tools that will take your team to the next level. discover microsoft 365 for business and powerful apps for productivity, connectivity, and security. where can i find more information about backup solutions for small business? onedrive is a powerful cloud storage and backup solution for small businesses and is included with microsoft 365 for business. learn more about onedrive for business and how it can help you access, share, and collaborate on all your files from anywhere. how can microsoft business devices improve my small business? microsoft for business devices are designed to support your small business needs with features like speed, flexibility, and built-in security. with surface pro 9 for business, surface laptop 5 for business, and surface studio 2+ for business, it’s easier than ever to foster productivity, collaboration, and creativity within your small business. how can i determine the right technology solutions for my small business? our team of business product experts is here to help you identify your company’s specific tech needs. they'll guide you through your best options for devices, software, and services. call to connect one-on-one with our product experts at 866-425-4709. business hours are monday - friday from 6:00 am to 6:00 pm pacific time. what are the advantages of using microsoft 365 for small business? microsoft 365 for business includes microsoft teams and office apps to help your team improve cybersecurity, reduce costs, and empower employees to collaborate and stay productive while working from anywhere. learn more about the benefits of microsoft 365 for business, compare plans and pricing, and find the solution that's right for your company. what technology is a must-have for a small business? find must-have business technology solutions with our surface for business essentials bundles. or call to connect one-on-one with our product experts at 866-425-4709 monday - friday from 6:00 am to 6:00 pm pacific time to determine the right devices, software, and solutions for your business. why shop at microsoft store for your business consider us your go-to specialists for microsoft products and services. whether you’re a company of three or 300, our product experts can help you find the right microsoft devices, software, and resources to meet your goals and grow your business. learn more free 2-3 day shipping and extended returns enjoy free shipping with no minimum purchase. plus, we’ll accept returns on most physical products through january 31, 2024.*​ see shipping details learn about returns 0% apr financing on surface for business devices get the latest devices with surface all access for business, a 0% apr financing program that lets you spread out your payments across 18, 24, 30, or 36 months learn about financing price protection all season long buy now, enjoy extended price protection through jan 31, 2024. if we drop the price of a physical product, contact us and we’ll honor a one-time price adjustment. exclusions apply.** learn about price protection call 866-425-4709 for a price adjustment one-on-one product training for your business once you’re ready, book a free online appointment with a product expert to help build basic skills and understand essential features of surface for business devices, microsoft 365, or windows 11 pro.​ learn about online appointments microsoft business computers and software at microsoft, we take your business needs as seriously as you do. we know that the modern workplace is fast moving, complex, and requires ever more innovative solutions to keep your team in top form. you'll find everything you need to gain that competitive edge right here. microsoft small business software helps you build seamless workflows and maximize your team's efficiency. microsoft business computers, including both laptop and pc options, are built with today's office environment in mind. they're designed to help you collaborate with ease and are powerful enough to take on even the most data-heavy projects. whether you're in the market for innovative apps, sleek tablets, or pc accessories, you'll find the tools you need to conquer your to-do list and dazzle in the boardroom. beyond microsoft small business software, computers, and accessories, you'll find resources designed to support and enhance your business. contact microsoft business solutions to discuss business pricing and receive technical support once your office is up and running. discover small business tips to help you maximize your returns for every stage in a company's life. you can even explore an ever-evolving selection of deals to help you get the most out of your budget on everything from hardware like microsoft business laptops, to software, accessories, and more. in a marketplace filled with interruption and innovation, it's crucial to stay ahead of the curve. microsoft strives to be a business partner that gives the tools you need, when you need them. warranties, extended service plans, and terms & conditions for your device. *holiday extended returns terms and conditions: holiday extended return policy available with eligible physical products purchased between 10/16/23- 12/1/23 from microsoft store online and microsoft experience centers in select markets. purchases can be returned through january 31, 2024. limit 5 product returns per eligible customer purchase. excludes surface hub, hololens, and windows devkit. applicable return policy applies. for purchases made at microsoft store, see applicable microsoft terms of sale for more information. for purchases made at a microsoft experience center, see receipt for more information. microsoft reserves the right to modify or discontinue offers at any time.​ **holiday extended price protection terms and conditions: microsoft store price adjustment: holiday extended price protection valid on purchases of qualifying physical consumer and commercial products purchased from microsoft store online and microsoft experience centers in select markets between 10/16/23- 12/1/23. price adjustment may be requested until january 31, 2024. eligible retailer price adjustment: holiday extended price protection valid on purchases of qualifying physical consumer products purchased from microsoft store online and microsoft experience centers in select markets between 10/16/23- 12/1/23. price adjustment may be requested until january 31, 2024. an eligible retailer price adjustment cannot be requested at time of purchase. microsoft reserves the right to verify an eligible retailer’s advertised price and availability of the product. the product sold by the eligible retailer must be identical to the product sold by microsoft and must be in stock for purchase at the eligible retailer at the reduced price. exclusions apply. both price adjustments: customer is eligible only if the product is in stock for purchase at microsoft store or a microsoft experience center. customer must contact microsoft to request the adjustment. for purchases from microsoft store, contact microsoft store sales and support with your microsoft account information and any other information requested by a representative. for purchases from a microsoft experience center, you must return to the location with your receipt. limit 1 price adjustment total per product. excludes surface hub, hololens, and windows devkit. see here for full terms and full list of eligible retailers. back to top what's new surface laptop studio 2 surface laptop go 3 surface pro 9 surface laptop 5 surface studio 2+ copilot in windows microsoft 365 windows 11 apps microsoft store account profile download center microsoft store support returns order tracking certified refurbished microsoft store promise flexible payments education microsoft in education devices for education microsoft teams for education microsoft 365 education how to buy for your school educator training and development deals for students and parents azure for students business microsoft cloud microsoft security dynamics 365 microsoft 365 microsoft power platform microsoft teams microsoft industry small business developer & it azure developer center documentation microsoft learn microsoft tech community azure marketplace appsource visual studio company careers about microsoft company news privacy at microsoft investors diversity and inclusion accessibility sustainability english (united states) california consumer privacy act (ccpa) opt-out icon your privacy choices california consumer privacy act (ccpa) opt-out icon your privacy choices sitemap contact microsoft privacy manage cookies terms of use terms of sale trademarks safety & eco recycling about our ads © microsoft 2023