来源URL: https://web.archive.org/web/20231129183919/https://www.microsoft.com/en-us/microsoft-365/business
================================================================================

microsoft 365 for business | small business | microsoft 365 skip to main content microsoft microsoft 365 microsoft 365 microsoft 365 home products for home for home pricing for home for families for individuals for students see all home for business for business pricing for business for small business for enterprise for enterprise pricing for enterprise for enterprise for frontline workers apps and services apps and services excel microsoft teams word onedrive onenote outlook powerpoint project sharepoint see all apps and services more more microsoft office windows 365 microsoft authenticator enterprise mobility + security microsoft edge for nonprofits for schools what’s new what’s new microsoft copilot for microsoft 365 microsoft 365 ai clipchamp microsoft viva plans and pricing resources customer stories setup and install training trust center microsoft 365 blog faq small business resource center support for personal and family for personal and family self-help resources billing support community contact microsoft support for work for work self-help resources admin self-help billing support find a partner contact sales community for education for education self-help resources educator center request support contact microsoft support community for partners for partners become a partner partner resources see all support contact sales more all microsoft global microsoft 365 teams copilot windows surface xbox cyber week deals small business support software software windows apps ai outlook onedrive microsoft teams onenote microsoft edge skype pcs & devices pcs & devices computers shop xbox accessories vr & mixed reality certified refurbished trade-in for cash entertainment entertainment xbox game pass ultimate pc game pass xbox games pc and windows games movies & tv business business microsoft cloud microsoft security dynamics 365 microsoft 365 for business microsoft power platform windows 365 microsoft industry small business developer & it developer & it azure developer center documentation microsoft learn microsoft tech community azure marketplace appsource visual studio other other microsoft rewards free downloads & security education gift cards holiday gifts licensing unlocked stories view sitemap search search microsoft 365 no results cancel sign in build your brand with ease. exclusive holiday offer: 15% off microsoft 365 business standard. terms and conditions apply.* buy now grow your business with microsoft 365 bring your business ideas to life with the tools you need to create, connect, and get more done from anywhere. compare plans and pricing help me choose bring your business ideas to life reach and exceed your company goals with microsoft 365. manage your content and tools—like productivity apps, email, appointment scheduling, video meetings, chat, and enterprise-grade security—all in one place. reach new customers run your business reinforce your brand scale securely previous next grow your customer base stay focused on your business and team using the easy-to-use, intelligent, and integrated tools in microsoft 365. watch now video container see how microsoft entra id protection helps you prevent, detect, and remediate identity risks and secure your identity environment. connect and collaborate simplify how you run your business with a single solution that helps you connect, collaborate, and create from anywhere. video container see how microsoft entra id protection helps you prevent, detect, and remediate identity risks and secure your identity environment. stand out from your competition personalize your business by creating branded documents and meeting backgrounds, and set up a business email with your own custom domain. learn more help protect what matters most safeguard your business with integrated, end-to-end identity, security, compliance, device management, and privacy protection. watch now video container help protect what matters most back to tabs find the microsoft 365 plan that’s right for you microsoft 365 business basic originally starting from $6.00 now starting from $6.00 $6.00 $6.00 user/month (annual subscription—auto renews)1 buy now try free for one month see trial terms2 start with web and mobile apps web and mobile versions of word, excel, powerpoint, and outlook only chat, call up to 300 attendees 1 tb of cloud storage per user business-class email manage customer appointments standard security anytime phone and web support secure cloud services for microsoft 365 business basic microsoft teams bring everyone together in one place to meet, chat, call, and collaborate. onedrive save, access, edit, and share files and photos wherever you are. sharepoint create team sites to share information, files, and resources. exchange work smarter with business-class email and calendaring. web and mobile apps only for microsoft 365 business basic word create impressive documents and improve your writing with built-in intelligent features. excel simplify complex data and create easy-to-read spreadsheets. powerpoint easily create polished presentations that stand out. outlook manage your email, calendar, tasks, and contacts together in one place. 15% off now through december 29* microsoft 365 business standard originally starting from $12.50 now starting from $10.62 $12.50 $10.62 user/month (annual subscription—auto renews)1 buy now try free for one month see trial terms2 everything in business basic, plus: desktop versions of word, excel, powerpoint, and outlook easily host webinars attendee registration and reporting tools tools to create personalized documents and professional layouts desktop, web, and mobile apps and secure cloud services: word create impressive documents and improve your writing with built-in intelligent features. excel simplify complex data and create easy-to-read spreadsheets. powerpoint easily create polished presentations that stand out. outlook manage your email, calendar, tasks, and contacts together in one place. microsoft teams bring everyone together in one place to meet, chat, call, and collaborate. onedrive save, access, edit, and share files and photos wherever you are. sharepoint create team sites to share information, files, and resources. exchange work smarter with business-class email and calendaring. publisher (pc only) create polished, professional layouts without the hassle. access (pc only) create and share business apps without being a developer. microsoft 365 business premium originally starting from $22.00 now starting from $22.00 $22.00 $22.00 user/month (annual subscription—auto renews)1 buy now try free for one month see trial terms2 everything in business standard, plus: advanced security access and data control cyberthreat protection desktop, web, and mobile apps and secure cloud services: word create impressive documents and improve your writing with built-in intelligent features. excel simplify complex data and create easy-to-read spreadsheets. powerpoint easily create polished presentations that stand out. outlook manage your email, calendar, tasks, and contacts together in one place. microsoft teams bring everyone together in one place to meet, chat, call, and collaborate. onedrive save, access, edit, and share files and photos wherever you are. sharepoint create team sites to share information, files, and resources. exchange work smarter with business-class email and calendaring. publisher (pc only) create polished, professional layouts without the hassle. access (pc only) create and share business apps without being a developer. intune apply security policies to help protect business data on all of your organization’s devices. azure information protection safeguard sensitive information, no matter where it’s stored or who it’s shared with. microsoft 365 apps for business originally starting from $8.25 now starting from $8.25 $8.25 $8.25 user/month (annual subscription—auto renews)1 buy now try free for one month see trial terms2 excludes chat, meeting, calling desktop versions of word, excel, powerpoint, and outlook 1 tb of cloud storage per user standard security anytime phone and web support desktop, web, and mobile apps and secure cloud services: word apps and services included create impressive documents and improve your writing with built-in intelligent features. excel apps and services included simplify complex data and create easy-to-read spreadsheets. powerpoint apps and services included easily create polished presentations that stand out. outlook manage your email, calendar, tasks, and contacts together in one place. onedrive save, access, edit, and share files and photos wherever you are. publisher (pc only) create polished, professional layouts without the hassle. access (pc only) create and share business apps without being a developer. find out which plan is right for you take a short assessment to find your perfect match. help me choose not included find out which plan is right for you partial checkmark icons indicate a feature is partially included checkmark icons indicate a feature is included microsoft 365 business basic originally starting from $6.00 now starting from $6.00 $6.00 $6.00 user/month (annual subscription—auto renews)1 buy now or try free for one month see trial terms2 learn more 15% off now through december 29* microsoft 365 business standard originally starting from $12.50 now starting from $10.62 $12.50 $10.62 user/month (annual subscription—auto renews)1 buy now or try free for one month see trial terms2 learn more microsoft 365 business premium originally starting from $22.00 now starting from $22.00 $22.00 $22.00 user/month (annual subscription—auto renews)1 buy now or try free for one month see trial terms2 learn more microsoft 365 apps for business originally starting from $8.25 now starting from $8.25 $8.25 $8.25 user/month (annual subscription—auto renews)1 buy now or try free for one month see trial terms2 learn more partial checkmark icons indicate a feature is partially included checkmark icons indicate a feature is included expand all | collapse all toggle visibility of 4 table rows below email and calendar email and calendar email and calendar email and calendar email and calendar not included use a custom business email (name@yourbusiness.com). use a custom business email (name@yourbusiness.com). use a custom business email (name@yourbusiness.com). use a custom business email (name@yourbusiness.com). use a custom business email (name@yourbusiness.com). not included host and administer email with a 50-gb mailbox. host and administer email with a 50-gb mailbox. host and administer email with a 50-gb mailbox. host and administer email with a 50-gb mailbox. host and administer email with a 50-gb mailbox. not included easily schedule meetings and respond to invitations using shared calendars. easily schedule meetings and respond to invitations using shared calendars. easily schedule meetings and respond to invitations using shared calendars. easily schedule meetings and respond to invitations using shared calendars. easily schedule meetings and respond to invitations using shared calendars. not included manage your calendar, share available meeting times, schedule meetings, and get reminders. manage your calendar, share available meeting times, schedule meetings, and get reminders. manage your calendar, share available meeting times, schedule meetings, and get reminders. manage your calendar, share available meeting times, schedule meetings, and get reminders. manage your calendar, share available meeting times, schedule meetings, and get reminders. not included toggle visibility of 4 table rows below file storage and sharing file storage and sharing file storage and sharing file storage and sharing file storage and sharing limited capabilities collaborate in the same file with real-time coauthoring and editing. collaborate in the same file with real-time coauthoring and editing. collaborate in the same file with real-time coauthoring and editing. collaborate in the same file with real-time coauthoring and editing. collaborate in the same file with real-time coauthoring and editing. access your files from your computer, tablet, or phone. access your files from your computer, tablet, or phone. access your files from your computer, tablet, or phone. access your files from your computer, tablet, or phone. access your files from your computer, tablet, or phone. keep your files securely stored, up to date, and accessible across devices. keep your files securely stored, up to date, and accessible across devices. keep your files securely stored, up to date, and accessible across devices. keep your files securely stored, up to date, and accessible across devices. keep your files securely stored, up to date, and accessible across devices. not included engage and inform with intelligent video using stream. engage and inform with intelligent video using stream. engage and inform with intelligent video using stream. engage and inform with intelligent video using stream. engage and inform with intelligent video using stream. not included toggle visibility of 4 table rows below teamwork and communication teamwork and communication teamwork and communication teamwork and communication teamwork and communication not included chat one-on-one or in a group chat, pin chats, and save messages for quick access. chat one-on-one or in a group chat, pin chats, and save messages for quick access. chat one-on-one or in a group chat, pin chats, and save messages for quick access. chat one-on-one or in a group chat, pin chats, and save messages for quick access. chat one-on-one or in a group chat, pin chats, and save messages for quick access. not included host secure, organized meetings with audio, video, screen-sharing, and the option to record. host secure, organized meetings with audio, video, screen-sharing, and the option to record. host secure, organized meetings with audio, video, screen-sharing, and the option to record. host secure, organized meetings with audio, video, screen-sharing, and the option to record. host secure, organized meetings with audio, video, screen-sharing, and the option to record. not included create team sites to share information, content, and files throughout your intranet using sharepoint. create team sites to share information, content, and files throughout your intranet using sharepoint. create team sites to share information, content, and files throughout your intranet using sharepoint. create team sites to share information, content, and files throughout your intranet using sharepoint. create team sites to share information, content, and files throughout your intranet using sharepoint. not included invite people outside of your business to your meetings—even those without teams accounts. invite people outside of your business to your meetings—even those without teams accounts. invite people outside of your business to your meetings—even those without teams accounts. invite people outside of your business to your meetings—even those without teams accounts. invite people outside of your business to your meetings—even those without teams accounts. toggle visibility of 4 table rows below standard security and compliance standard security and compliance standard security and compliance standard security and compliance standard security and compliance help protect your business against spam and malware with cloud-based email filtering. help protect your business against spam and malware with cloud-based email filtering. help protect your business against spam and malware with cloud-based email filtering. help protect your business against spam and malware with cloud-based email filtering. help protect your business against spam and malware with cloud-based email filtering. manage security threats by creating password policies. manage security threats by creating password policies. manage security threats by creating password policies. manage security threats by creating password policies. manage security threats by creating password policies. secure access with multifactor authentication. secure access with multifactor authentication. secure access with multifactor authentication. secure access with multifactor authentication. secure access with multifactor authentication. control access to business information with security groups and custom permissions. control access to business information with security groups and custom permissions. control access to business information with security groups and custom permissions. control access to business information with security groups and custom permissions. control access to business information with security groups and custom permissions. not included toggle visibility of 4 table rows below project and customer relationship management project and customer relationship management project and customer relationship management project and customer relationship management project and customer relationship management not included easily create, manage, and share schedules and tasks with your team. easily create, manage, and share schedules and tasks with your team. easily create, manage, and share schedules and tasks with your team. easily create, manage, and share schedules and tasks with your team. easily create, manage, and share schedules and tasks with your team. not included manage workflow and track important tasks with microsoft lists. manage workflow and track important tasks with microsoft lists. manage workflow and track important tasks with microsoft lists. manage workflow and track important tasks with microsoft lists. manage workflow and track important tasks with microsoft lists. not included quickly and easily create custom surveys and analyze results with microsoft forms. quickly and easily create custom surveys and analyze results with microsoft forms. quickly and easily create custom surveys and analyze results with microsoft forms. quickly and easily create custom surveys and analyze results with microsoft forms. quickly and easily create custom surveys and analyze results with microsoft forms. not included streamline client scheduling and manage appointments with microsoft bookings. streamline client scheduling and manage appointments with microsoft bookings. streamline client scheduling and manage appointments with microsoft bookings. streamline client scheduling and manage appointments with microsoft bookings. streamline client scheduling and manage appointments with microsoft bookings. toggle visibility of 4 table rows below support and deployment support and deployment support and deployment support and deployment support and deployment contact phone and online support anytime. contact phone and online support anytime. contact phone and online support anytime. contact phone and online support anytime. contact phone and online support anytime. get technical support for installation, setup, configuration, and general usage. get technical support for installation, setup, configuration, and general usage. get technical support for installation, setup, configuration, and general usage. get technical support for installation, setup, configuration, and general usage. get technical support for installation, setup, configuration, and general usage. access help and troubleshooting tools, videos, articles, and forums. access help and troubleshooting tools, videos, articles, and forums. access help and troubleshooting tools, videos, articles, and forums. access help and troubleshooting tools, videos, articles, and forums. access help and troubleshooting tools, videos, articles, and forums. have peace of mind with a financially backed 99% uptime guarantee. have peace of mind with a financially backed 99% uptime guarantee. have peace of mind with a financially backed 99% uptime guarantee. have peace of mind with a financially backed 99% uptime guarantee. have peace of mind with a financially backed 99% uptime guarantee. toggle visibility of 3 table rows below web and mobile apps web and mobile apps web and mobile apps web and mobile apps web and mobile apps limited capabilities word, excel, powerpoint, onenote. word, excel, powerpoint, onenote. word, excel, powerpoint, onenote. word, excel, powerpoint, onenote. word, excel, powerpoint, onenote. outlook. outlook. outlook. outlook. outlook. no web version teams, bookings, forms, lists, planner, sharepoint, stream teams, bookings, forms, lists, planner, sharepoint, stream teams, bookings, forms, lists, planner, sharepoint, stream teams, bookings, forms, lists, planner, sharepoint, stream teams, bookings, forms, lists, planner, sharepoint, stream toggle visibility of 2 table rows below installable desktop apps installable desktop apps not included installable desktop apps installable desktop apps installable desktop apps microsoft 365 apps for pc and mac, including word, excel, powerpoint, outlook, onenote. microsoft 365 apps for pc and mac, including word, excel, powerpoint, outlook, onenote. not included microsoft 365 apps for pc and mac, including word, excel, powerpoint, outlook, onenote. microsoft 365 apps for pc and mac, including word, excel, powerpoint, outlook, onenote. microsoft 365 apps for pc and mac, including word, excel, powerpoint, outlook, onenote. pc-only apps, including access and publisher. pc-only apps, including access and publisher. not included pc-only apps, including access and publisher. pc-only apps, including access and publisher. pc-only apps, including access and publisher. toggle visibility of 3 table rows below webinars and live events webinars and live events not included webinars and live events webinars and live events webinars and live events not included schedule and host webinars for up to 300 people. schedule and host webinars for up to 300 people. not included schedule and host webinars for up to 300 people. schedule and host webinars for up to 300 people. schedule and host webinars for up to 300 people. not included host webinars that include attendee registration pages and email confirmations. host webinars that include attendee registration pages and email confirmations. not included host webinars that include attendee registration pages and email confirmations. host webinars that include attendee registration pages and email confirmations. host webinars that include attendee registration pages and email confirmations. not included get reporting data on webinar registration and meeting attendance. get reporting data on webinar registration and meeting attendance. get reporting data on webinar registration and meeting attendance. get reporting data on webinar registration and meeting attendance. get reporting data on webinar registration and meeting attendance. not included toggle visibility of 4 table rows below advanced cyberattack protection advanced cyberattack protection not included advanced cyberattack protection not included advanced cyberattack protection advanced cyberattack protection not included enable enterprise-grade endpoint security across devices to protect against ransomware and other cyberthreats. enable enterprise-grade endpoint security across devices to protect against ransomware and other cyberthreats. not included enable enterprise-grade endpoint security across devices to protect against ransomware and other cyberthreats. not included enable enterprise-grade endpoint security across devices to protect against ransomware and other cyberthreats. enable enterprise-grade endpoint security across devices to protect against ransomware and other cyberthreats. not included help protect against email threats, such as phishing that’s hidden in email attachments and links. help protect against email threats, such as phishing that’s hidden in email attachments and links. not included help protect against email threats, such as phishing that’s hidden in email attachments and links. not included help protect against email threats, such as phishing that’s hidden in email attachments and links. help protect against email threats, such as phishing that’s hidden in email attachments and links. not included restrict access to sensitive business information with information rights management. restrict access to sensitive business information with information rights management. not included restrict access to sensitive business information with information rights management. not included restrict access to sensitive business information with information rights management. restrict access to sensitive business information with information rights management. not included help employees securely access business apps wherever they work with conditional access, while helping prevent unauthorized access. help employees securely access business apps wherever they work with conditional access, while helping prevent unauthorized access. not included help employees securely access business apps wherever they work with conditional access, while helping prevent unauthorized access. not included help employees securely access business apps wherever they work with conditional access, while helping prevent unauthorized access. help employees securely access business apps wherever they work with conditional access, while helping prevent unauthorized access. not included toggle visibility of 3 table rows below device management device management not included device management not included device management device management not included apply security policies to help protect work data on company-owned and employee devices. apply security policies to help protect work data on company-owned and employee devices. not included apply security policies to help protect work data on company-owned and employee devices. not included apply security policies to help protect work data on company-owned and employee devices. apply security policies to help protect work data on company-owned and employee devices. not included keep company data within approved apps across ios, android, and windows pcs. keep company data within approved apps across ios, android, and windows pcs. not included keep company data within approved apps across ios, android, and windows pcs. not included keep company data within approved apps across ios, android, and windows pcs. keep company data within approved apps across ios, android, and windows pcs. not included remotely remove business data from lost or stolen devices. remotely remove business data from lost or stolen devices. remotely remove business data from lost or stolen devices. remotely remove business data from lost or stolen devices. remotely remove business data from lost or stolen devices. microsoft 365 business basic originally starting from $6.00 now starting from $6.00 $6.00 $6.00 user/month (annual subscription—auto renews)1 buy now or try free for one month see trial terms2 learn more 15% off now through december 29* microsoft 365 business standard originally starting from $12.50 now starting from $10.62 $12.50 $10.62 user/month (annual subscription—auto renews)1 buy now or try free for one month see trial terms2 learn more microsoft 365 business premium originally starting from $22.00 now starting from $22.00 $22.00 $22.00 user/month (annual subscription—auto renews)1 buy now or try free for one month see trial terms2 learn more microsoft 365 apps for business originally starting from $8.25 now starting from $8.25 $8.25 $8.25 user/month (annual subscription—auto renews)1 buy now or try free for one month see trial terms2 learn more see more options for microsoft 365 shop for business shop for enterprise what small businesses are saying about microsoft 365 consumer goods 1083 “teams as a single tool for communication and collaboration made work much more convenient. we needed standardized tools to communicate well with each other across the business.” read the story professional services eyemail inc. "by adopting microsoft 365, eyemail established a more efficient and collaborative work environment. this helped us increase productivity, reduce errors, establish a robust security framework, and improve communication among employees." read the story manufacturing zöllner fensterbau gmbh "with microsoft 365 tools, we’ve found a way to maintain the quality of a small manufacturing business while scaling like a much larger business." read the story nonprofit the amaad institute “with microsoft 365, we are positioned to grow our programs confidently in the future. we have the digital platform, collaboration tools, and security we need to focus on our mission.” watch the video articles and resources build your brand learn how to elevate your brand with microsoft 365 and explore related news for small and medium businesses. read the blog achieve your business’s full potential with powerful ai learn how to take productivity and creativity to the next level at your small or medium business with microsoft copilot for microsoft 365. read the blog help safeguard your business learn how to improve your business’s security with microsoft 365. read the blog built-in apps use your favorite apps seamlessly within microsoft 365. see microsoft 365 apps mural calendly hubspot sales adobe zoho polly officeatwork pickit get started with microsoft 365 sized your way microsoft 365 has solutions tailored to your business’s needs, whatever the size of your company. small business enterprise additional resources find self-help and support options to help you make the best choice. help me choose schedule a demo get free product training contact sales make it yours customize your plan for what you need with microsoft 365 add-ons. audio conferencing microsoft teams phone endpoint security frequently asked questions expand all | collapse all what is microsoft 365? microsoft 365 is a cloud-based suite of software tools designed to help you do more—with best-in-class communication, design, and data management apps, intelligent cloud services, and advanced security. access your data from anywhere, collaborate with team members in real time, meet with people virtually, and use thousands of predesigned templates to better communicate with customers and manage your business—all with built-in security technology that safeguards your data and devices from anywhere. how do i choose the right microsoft 365 plan for my business? use the microsoft 365 plan chooser to find the right plan for your business. where can i learn more about the value i get with microsoft 365? download the full plan comparison table. what is microsoft defender for business? microsoft defender for business is an endpoint security solution designed to help businesses with up to 300 employees. it helps protect against cybersecurity threats, including malware and ransomware, in an easy-to-use, cost-effective package. microsoft defender for business is included with microsoft 365 business premium and is available as a standalone product. learn more. [1] cancellation policies vary based on your status as a new customer and your product and domain selections on microsoft. learn more. cancel your microsoft 365 subscription any time by going to the microsoft 365 admin center. when a subscription is canceled, all associated data will be deleted. learn more about data retention, deletion, and destruction in microsoft 365.​ [2] after your one-month free trial ends, your subscription will automatically convert into a 12-month paid subscription, and you will be charged the applicable subscription fee. cancel anytime during your free trial to stop future charges. a credit card is required to sign up. learn more. [*] this promotional offer is available to new microsoft 365 commercial customers between november 20, 2023, and december 29, 2023, in the united states, canada, and the united kingdom. customers can purchase microsoft 365 business standard with a 15% discount. an annual commitment is required, and promotional pricing applies to the first year only. promotional pricing will be reflected at checkout. this subscription automatically renews and is subject to recurring monthly billing with a payment method required. this promotion is not available on trial subscriptions. customers can cancel at any time to stop future charges. this offer may not be combined with any other offer. microsoft reserves the right to cancel, change, or suspend this offer at any time without notice. connect with microsoft 365 : get support resources contact business sales follow us what's new surface laptop studio 2 surface laptop go 3 surface pro 9 surface laptop 5 surface studio 2+ copilot in windows microsoft 365 windows 11 apps microsoft store account profile download center microsoft store support returns order tracking certified refurbished microsoft store promise flexible payments education microsoft in education devices for education microsoft teams for education microsoft 365 education how to buy for your school educator training and development deals for students and parents azure for students business microsoft cloud microsoft security dynamics 365 microsoft 365 microsoft power platform microsoft teams microsoft industry small business developer & it azure developer center documentation microsoft learn microsoft tech community azure marketplace appsource visual studio company careers about microsoft company news privacy at microsoft investors diversity and inclusion accessibility sustainability english (united states) california consumer privacy act (ccpa) opt-out icon your privacy choices california consumer privacy act (ccpa) opt-out icon your privacy choices sitemap contact microsoft privacy manage cookies terms of use trademarks safety & eco recycling about our ads © microsoft 2023 chat with sales contact sales 1-855-270-0615 available mon to fri from 6:00 am to 6:00 pm pacific time. support close