来源URL: https://web.archive.org/web/20241231082124/https://www.microsoft.com/en-us/education
================================================================================

technology and software for schools | microsoft education trace id is missing skip to main content microsoft education education education home products for your school azure for education devices edge microsoft 365 microsoft teams minecraft education office 365 onenote windows 11 featured solution areas accessibility tools ai in education cybersecurity solutions learning accelerators learning tools social-emotional learning browse by audience educators higher education it pro school leaders students getting started contact sales frequently asked questions how to buy resource center shop for home why microsoft education more contact sales learn how we are bringing a new wave of copilot innovation to education. read the blog microsoft education find learning tools and technology for your school with microsoft education. we’re on a mission to make education equitable for all. watch the video ai-powered assistant need help finding a product or solution? try the ai-powered assistant. what is microsoft education? what are microsoft learning tools? news news solutions microsoft 365 featured products school stories student deals connect with an expert learn how to buy school software connect with an expert learn how to buy school software previous slide next slide news discover ai-enabled reading practice with reading coach. read more on the blog news learn about the latest ai innovations announced at microsoft reimagine education. watch on demand news get started with ai tools for education. explore more office 365 get student deals including free office 365. get started back to news section solutions discover thoughtful school solutions microsoft collaborates with educators and leaders to design solutions that are equitable, inclusive, efficient, and secure to effectively support teaching and learning now and in the future. for everyone trustworthy ai discover the limitless potential of ai to optimize resources, simplify tasks, and tailor learning experiences. learn more for educators & school leaders learning accelerators help students get ahead in the classroom and in their future careers with learning accelerators. learn more for it professionals cybersecurity explore modern solutions to keep schools secure and maximize learning. learn more for educators accessibility tools make the classroom more inclusive by using accessibility tools built into microsoft education products. learn more for educators & guardians social and emotional learning with the right data, teachers can help students navigate new emotions while improving their learning experiences. learn more for educators & school leaders digital learning tools accessibility checks and learning tools are built into our suite of products so students can fully engage in learning. learn more microsoft 365 build supportive classrooms with microsoft 365 education accelerate learning, prepare students, and support it leaders with a secure, inclusive productivity cloud suite designed to create equitable learning environments. explore microsoft 365 connect with an expert featured products get to know microsoft education products office students and educators at eligible institutions can use a valid school email address to sign up for office 365 education for free. learn more about office microsoft teams create secure and collaborative virtual classrooms where everyone can stay organized and feel empowered. learn more about teams windows 11 reimagined for a new era of digital learning, windows 11 for education helps to boost a student's potential with powerful tools to learn, collaborate and create—all in a secure and trusted environment. learn more about windows school stories explore school stories see all school stories k–12 higher ed previous next previous slide next slide “to deploy just 20 devices back in the day with all the different management tools you needed to use, and the applications you had to install, was daunting. but with the same it department, we rolled out 20,000 devices at a time with microsoft 365, which is nothing short of a miracle.” — tam nguyen, chief technology officer, orange unified school district products microsoft 365 microsoft teams windows 11 read the full story “the philippines is the call center capital of the world. many of our students are currently working as call center agents answering calls from abroad. with microsoft reading progress, students can develop themselves to be better english speakers so when they interview in these call centers, they have a better chance of being hired.” — shelamar garrucha, a master teacher at bais city national high school—senior high school products microsoft 365 a5 microsoft teams windows 11 read the full story back to school stories - k –12 tab section previous slide next slide “it was refreshing to work with a group that appreciated the needs of both the technologists and the researchers. the microsoft azure technology actually beat the data implementation.” — jonathan silverstein: chief research informatics officer, health sciences and institute for precision medicine, university of pittsburgh products azure read the full story “the power platform is a very nimble product. it allows us to iterate and to deploy quickly with the agility you don't have when you’re using high-code solutions that have to go through bug fixes and qa before you can get them out to the users.” — tif vancil, director of communication & collaboration services, southern new hampshire university products power platform microsoft teams watch the story back to school stories - higher ed tab section back to tabs ready to get started with microsoft education? find the technology resources, solutions, and answers you need—whether you’re new to microsoft education or looking to deepen your knowledge. see how to buy solutions by audience educational resources previous next previous slide next slide school leaders elevate learning and empower students and teachers alike with microsoft education tools. learn more educators create inclusive, student-centered classrooms and learning opportunities for all through the power of technology. learn more it professionals cloud-connected deployment and management tools give your school’s it team greater visibility and control of your tech landscape. learn more higher ed drive student engagement, transform operations, and ensure a secure, connected campus so you can reimagine education. learn more back to solutions by audience tab section previous slide next slide contact sales connect with a sales specialist to explore solutions for your school. connect with an expert educator center expand possibilities with educator training and professional development resources. visit the education center microsoft education blog explore what’s new in technology for education. visit the blog frequently asked questions get answers to common questions about microsoft education solutions. find answers back to educational resources tab section back to tabs student deals take advantage of free and discounted student offers get free office 365, including apps such as word, excel, powerpoint, onenote, teams, and copilot. visit the microsoft store for more student discounts, including special offers for higher education students. learn more learn more from microsoft see all blog posts ai in education • december 2023 transforming education with trustworthy ai discover the limitless potential of ai to optimize resources, streamline tasks, and personalize learning experiences, empowering students and educators alike. download the microsoft education ai toolkit latest news in education teach computing skills with visual studio code for education read more 5 ways copilot can help you start the school year read more new idc infobrief explores key skills and tools critical to ai success read more devices level up learning with microsoft education devices combining microsoft 365 with microsoft education devices is the best way to get the most out of your software. with built-in accessibility tools and a range of devices that don’t require a network connection, students and teachers can work securely from anywhere. explore the extensive range of devices, from desktops to tablets, 2-in-1 devices, and more. discover devices for your school see student and educator deals follow microsoft education what's new surface pro surface laptop surface laptop studio 2 surface laptop go 3 microsoft copilot ai in windows explore microsoft products windows 11 apps microsoft store account profile download center microsoft store support returns order tracking certified refurbished microsoft store promise flexible payments education microsoft in education devices for education microsoft teams for education microsoft 365 education how to buy for your school educator training and development deals for students and parents azure for students business microsoft cloud microsoft security dynamics 365 microsoft 365 microsoft power platform microsoft teams microsoft 365 copilot small business developer & it azure microsoft developer documentation microsoft learn microsoft tech community azure marketplace appsource visual studio company careers about microsoft company news privacy at microsoft investors diversity and inclusion accessibility sustainability english (united states) your privacy choices opt-out icon your privacy choices your privacy choices opt-out icon your privacy choices consumer health privacy contact us privacy manage cookies terms of use trademarks about our ads © microsoft 2024 ai-powered assistant ai-powered assistant