来源URL: https://web.archive.org/web/20241231082124/https://www.microsoft.com/en-us/store/b/why-microsoft-store?icid=footer_why-msft-store_7102020
================================================================================

microsoft store support & return policy for surface, xbox & more trace id is missing translate to english you are shopping microsoft store in: {0} are you looking for microsoft store in: {0}? stay in {0} go to {0} sign me up thank you! stay informed about special deals, the latest products, events and more from microsoft store. email address (required) location (required) argentina australia austria belgium brazil canada chile colombia czech republic denmark finland france germany hungary india ireland israel italy japan luxembourg mexico netherlands new zealand norway poland portugal singapore south africa south korea spain sweden turkey switzerland united kingdom united states i would like information, tips, and offers about microsoft store and other microsoft products and services. privacy statement . by clicking sign up, i agree that i would like to hear from microsoft and its family of companies about microsoft store and other microsoft products and services. to withdraw consent or manage your contact preferences, visit the promotional communications manager. privacy statement . sign up you’re now signed up to receive microsoft store emails. thank you! skip to main content microsoft microsoft 365 teams copilot windows surface xbox deals small business support more all microsoft global microsoft 365 teams copilot windows surface xbox deals small business support software software windows apps ai outlook onedrive microsoft teams onenote microsoft edge skype pcs & devices pcs & devices computers shop xbox accessories vr & mixed reality certified refurbished trade-in for cash entertainment entertainment xbox game pass ultimate pc game pass xbox games pc and windows games movies & tv business business microsoft cloud microsoft security dynamics 365 microsoft 365 for business microsoft power platform windows 365 microsoft industry small business developer & it developer & it azure microsoft developer documentation microsoft learn microsoft tech community azure marketplace appsource visual studio other other microsoft rewards free downloads & security education gift cards licensing unlocked stories view sitemap search search microsoft.com no results cancel 0 cart 0 items in shopping cart sign in shop deals on surface, xbox, and more why buy from microsoft for personal and family for business previous next shopping with us has its advantages 60-day price protection enjoy price protection for 60 days from your delivery date. if we drop the price of a physical product or you find it lower at an eligible retailer, contact us and we’ll honor a one-time price adjustment. exclusions apply. learn about price protection multiple ways to pay microsoft store and partners are bringing you new ways to pay at checkout. they’re simple, safer options to get what you want when you want. learn about multiple ways to pay free 2-3 day shipping get free 2-3 day shipping with no minimum purchase. learn more about shipping free 60-day returns return almost any physical product within 60 days in link-new condition in its original packaging for a full refund. some exclusions apply. learn more about returns complete peace of mind keep your new device up and running with microsoft complete.1 get accidental damage protection2 from drops, spills, and cracked screens. if something goes wrong, you’re covered—simple as that. microsoft complete protection plan get the help you want when you want search topics, call to speak to a microsoft store associate, or chat with us from most product pages. find the answers you need our commitment to sustainability at microsoft store, we're making it easier to shop technology with sustainability in mind—as well as help you dispose of it responsibly. learn about shopping more sustainably discounts: supplies limited. actual savings depends on product availability. flexible payments: with approval of citizens pay line of credit at 0% apr and 12- or 18-month term. subject to individual credit approval. see the citizens pay line of credit agreement for full terms and conditions. citizens pay line of credit account offered by citizens bank, n.a.​ price protection: microsoft store price adjustment: valid on purchases of qualifying new or refurbished consumer and commercial physical products made at microsoft store and microsoft experience centers in select markets for 60 days from the date product is received. eligible retailer price adjustment: valid on purchases of qualifying new consumer physical products from microsoft store and microsoft experience centers in select markets for 60 days from the date product is received. excludes commercial and refurbished products. an eligible retailer price adjustment cannot be requested at time of purchase. microsoft reserves the right to verify an eligible retailer’s advertised price and availability of the product. the product sold by the eligible retailer must be identical to the product sold by microsoft and must be in stock for purchase at the eligible retailer at the reduced price. exclusions apply. both price adjustments: price adjustment must be requested within 60 days after the customer receives the product and cannot be completed at time of purchase. customer is eligible only if the product is in stock for purchase at microsoft store or a microsoft experience center. customer must contact microsoft to request the adjustment. for purchases from microsoft store, contact microsoft store sales and support with your microsoft account information and any other information requested by a representative. for purchases from a microsoft experience center, you must return to the location with your receipt. limit 1 price adjustment total per product. excludes surface hub, hololens, and windows devkit. see microsoft store price protection for full terms and full list of eligible retailers ​returns: available with eligible physical products purchased from microsoft store online and microsoft experience centers in select markets. return process must be started within 60 days after customer receives the product. limit 5 product returns per eligible customer purchase. excludes surface hub, hololens, and windows devkit. applicable return policy applies. for purchases made at microsoft store, see applicable microsoft terms of sale for more information. for purchases made at a microsoft experience center, see receipt for more information. microsoft reserves the right to modify or discontinue offers at any time.​ ​trade-in: available only through the microsoft store online in the united states (including puerto rico). offer valid for reimbursements after trade in of qualifying devices (pc, laptop, mobile phone, tablet, video game console). recycled devices are not eligible for cash back. to be eligible for trade in, you must own the qualifying device, device must power on, battery must hold charge and not be required to be plugged in to operate, and be in fully functional, working condition without broken/missing components, cracked display/housing, liquid damage, modification(s) or have device warranty seal broken. device cannot be password protected, and must include original chargers/accessories, and must contain hard drive. customer must mail in the qualifying trade-in device to be eligible for the reimbursements. all trade-ins are final. cannot be transferred or otherwise redeemed for cash or gift cards, or credit towards other devices or products. may not be combined with other offers. microsoft reserves the right to modify or discontinue offers at any time. other exclusions and limits may apply.​ ​microsoft reserves the right to modify or discontinue offers at any time. [1] warranties, extended service plans, and terms & conditions for your device [2] microsoft complete for surface: for covered defects and/or accidental damage, maximum of two (2) claims. each claim is subject to a $49 deductible. microsoft complete for xbox: for mechanical breakdowns and/or accidental damage claims, maximum of: one (1) xbox console replacement; two (2) xbox one standard controller replacements or one (1) xbox elite controller replacement (whichever is applicable to your purchase); and one (1) associated power supply unit with attaching cords replacement, when such are originally supplied by microsoft within a single, all-in-one packaged purchase. microsoft complete for type cover and microsoft complete for xbox elite controller: for covered defects and/or accidental damage, maximum of one (1) claims. why shop at microsoft store for your business business product experts here to help we're here to answer your questions and help you find the right solutions for your business. call us at 866-425-4709 savings and flexible financing maximize your it budget with flexible payment options, discounts on multiple devices, and more. learn about financing options call us at 866-425-4709 warranty and protection plans enhanced protection plans and device service options provide investment protection and extend the use of your surface device. learn about protection plans free 2-3 day shipping and 60-day returns​ get free 2-3 day shipping with no minimum purchase. plus, enjoy 60-day returns on almost any physical product.​ see shipping details learn about returns 60-day price protection if you buy a physical product from microsoft store and we lower the price within 60 days, contact us and we’ll refund you the difference. terms apply. learn about price protection solutions for your small business find everything you need to grow your company, from next-gen tech with ai features to industry-leading software and support services. explore small business solutions available with eligible physical products purchased from microsoft store online and microsoft experience centres in select markets. return process must be started within 60 days after customer receives the product. limit 5 product returns per eligible customer purchase. excludes surface hub, hololens, and windows devkit. applicable return policy applies. for purchases made at microsoft store, see applicable microsoft terms of sale for more information. for purchases made at a microsoft experience centre, see receipt for more information. microsoft reserves the right to modify or discontinue offers at any time. valid on purchases of physical products made at microsoft store online with a valid microsoft account and at microsoft experience centers in select markets for 60 days from the date the customer receives the product (“offer period”). excludes surface hub, hololens, and windows devkit. customer is eligible only if price of the purchased product is reduced during the offer period and in stock. for purchases from microsoft store, contact microsoft store sales and support with your microsoft account information and any other information requested by a representative. for purchases from a microsoft experience center, customer must return to the location with receipt. price adjustment will be provided in same manner as purchase method. limit 1 price adjustment per product. price adjustments apply only to purchase price and do not include taxes, shipping or other fees. microsoft reserves the right to modify or discontinue offers at any time. valid on purchases of physical products made at microsoft store online with a valid microsoft account and at microsoft experience centres in select markets for 60 days from the date the customer receives the product (“offer period”). excludes surface hub, hololens, and windows devkit. customer is eligible only if price of the purchased product is reduced during the offer period and in stock. for purchases from microsoft store, contact microsoft store sales and support with your microsoft account information and any other information requested by a representative. for purchases from a microsoft experience centre, customer must return to the location with receipt. price adjustment will be provided in same manner as purchase method. limit 1 price adjustment per product. price adjustments apply only to purchase price and do not include taxes, shipping or other fees. microsoft reserves the right to modify or discontinue offers at any time. without prejudice to any legal (statutory) rights to which you may be entitled under your local law, this warranty lasts for one year from the date of original purchase from microsoft or an authorized retailer or reseller. *price protection terms and conditions: microsoft store price adjustment: valid on purchases of qualifying physical consumer and commercial physical products made at microsoft store and microsoft experience centers in select markets for 60 days from the date product is received. eligible retailer price adjustment: valid on purchases of consumer physical products from microsoft store and microsoft experience centers in select markets for 60 days from the date product is received. an eligible retailer price adjustment cannot be requested at time of purchase. microsoft reserves the right to verify an eligible retailer’s advertised price and availability of the product. the product sold by the eligible retailer must be identical to the product sold by microsoft and must be in stock for purchase at the eligible retailer at the reduced price. exclusions apply. both price adjustments: customer is eligible only if the product is in stock for purchase at microsoft store or a microsoft experience center. customer must contact microsoft to request the adjustment. for purchases from microsoft store, contact microsoft store sales and support with your microsoft account information and any other information requested by a representative. for purchases from a microsoft experience center, you must return to the location with your receipt. limit 1 price adjustment total per product. excludes surface hub, hololens, and windows devkit. see microsoft store price protection for full terms and full list of eligible retailers. returns terms and conditions: available with eligible physical products purchased from microsoft store online and microsoft experience centers in select markets. return process must be started within 60 days after customer receives the product. limit 5 product returns per eligible customer purchase. excludes surface hub, hololens, and windows devkit. applicable return policy applies. for purchases made at microsoft store, see applicable microsoft terms of sale for more information. for purchases made at a microsoft experience center, see receipt for more information. microsoft reserves the right to modify or discontinue offers at any time. warranties, extended service plans, and terms & conditions for your device. back to tabs back to top what's new surface pro surface laptop surface laptop studio 2 surface laptop go 3 microsoft copilot ai in windows explore microsoft products windows 11 apps microsoft store account profile download center microsoft store support returns order tracking certified refurbished microsoft store promise flexible payments education microsoft in education devices for education microsoft teams for education microsoft 365 education how to buy for your school educator training and development deals for students and parents azure for students business microsoft cloud microsoft security dynamics 365 microsoft 365 microsoft power platform microsoft teams microsoft 365 copilot small business developer & it azure microsoft developer documentation microsoft learn microsoft tech community azure marketplace appsource visual studio company careers about microsoft company news privacy at microsoft investors diversity and inclusion accessibility sustainability english (united states) your privacy choices opt-out icon your privacy choices your privacy choices opt-out icon your privacy choices consumer health privacy sitemap contact microsoft privacy manage cookies terms of use terms of sale trademarks safety & eco recycling about our ads © microsoft 2024