来源URL: https://web.archive.org/web/20241231082124/https://www.microsoft.com/en-us/d/surface-pro-9/93VKD8NP4FVK?activetab=pivot:overviewtab
================================================================================

meet the new surface pro 11th edition, a copilot+ pc | microsoft surface trace id is missing skip to main content microsoft surface surface surface home computers 2-in-1 pcs 2-in-1 pcs surface pro, copilot+ pc explore 2-in-1 pcs laptops laptops surface laptop, copilot+ pc surface laptop studio 2 surface laptop go 3 explore all laptops all-in-one all-in-one surface studio 2+ need help deciding? need help deciding? compare surface devices help me choose a surface why surface do more with surface computers for business 2-in-1 tablets 2-in-1 tablets surface pro for business, copilot+ pc surface pro 10 for business surface pro 9 for business surface go 4 for business laptops laptops surface laptop for business, copilot+ pc surface laptop 6 for business surface laptop 5 for business surface laptop studio 2 for business surface laptop go 3 for business small and large screens small and large screens surface studio 2+ for business surface hub 3 accessories accessories all accessories teams accessories need help deciding? need help deciding? compare surface devices for business surface for business home accessories surface pro accessories surface laptop accessories surface studio accessories surface headphones 2 surface earbuds all surface accessories shop now all surface devices surface deals surface bundles certified refurbished surface surface repair parts where to buy support more shop deals all microsoft global microsoft 365 teams copilot windows surface xbox deals small business support software software windows apps ai outlook onedrive microsoft teams onenote microsoft edge skype pcs & devices pcs & devices computers shop xbox accessories vr & mixed reality certified refurbished trade-in for cash entertainment entertainment xbox game pass ultimate pc game pass xbox games pc and windows games movies & tv business business microsoft cloud microsoft security dynamics 365 microsoft 365 for business microsoft power platform windows 365 microsoft industry small business developer & it developer & it azure microsoft developer documentation microsoft learn microsoft tech community azure marketplace appsource visual studio other other microsoft rewards free downloads & security education gift cards licensing unlocked stories view sitemap search search microsoft.com no results cancel 0 cart 0 items in shopping cart sign in animation on compare help me choose start building yours surface pro 14 all-day battery life less downtime charging and more power, with up to 14 hours of video playback.2,10 90% faster performance powered by snapdragon® x elite and plus processors for ultra-fast performance.5 oled cinematic display on-the-go 1m:1 contrast ratio delivers a wider range of colors with the optional oled touchscreen.4 industry-leading ai supercharge your productivity and creativity with 45 trillion operations per second. the most flexible, most powerful 2-in-1 out there. with ai-accelerated copilot+ experiences and features built to keep you on the go, surface pro 11th edition, a copilot+ pc, is a laptop reimagined. outstanding performance meets ultimate flexibility. with ai-accelerated power and lightning-fast speed, surface pro is designed to keep up with you all day long. flexibility in motion surface pro lets you effortlessly shift from tablet to sketchbook to multiple monitors—or however you like—with its unique kickstand design. built to do the impossible surface pro is designed to keep up with you. see how surface pro is the ultra-flexible, ultra-adaptable pc that will fit your life however, wherever you use it. • ultra-thin, ultra-light under 2 lbs (900 g), ultra-portable design that can replace your tablet and your laptop. flexibility at any angle attached or detached—position surface pro flex keyboard however it suits you.1,9 connect with or without wi-fi get the fastest connections available with wi-fi 7 and optional 5g.7,8 plug in to more options two usb-c ports let you charge on-the-go, transfer data fast, or create a desktop setup. unlock your new superpower included in surface pro, copilot in windows is an ai-powered companion that helps you work smarter, be more productive, and stay connected to the people and things in your life. learn about copilot in windows smartest in its class ai capabilities delivered by the fastest, most intelligent surface pro ever means mind-boggling speed and experiences at 45 trillion operations per second.5 get more done faster copilot takes care of routine tasks so you can achieve more every day. work smarter meet your new favorite copilot+ pc experiences to boost your productivity and unleash new creativity. retrace your steps with recall coming soon: searching for a document, email or web page on your pc can be time-consuming. now, just describe how you remember something and recall will find it, instantly. prerelease product shown, subject to change.12 create with cocreator everyone can be an artist. describe or draw your vision with text or image prompts, and watch cocreator generate it. prerelease product shown, subject to change.1,13 onenote, enhanced by ai get help from copilot to summarize your handwritten notes in microsoft onenote.1,16,17 generative ai in adobe photoshop with simple text prompts in everyday language, you can create, edit, transform, and bring to life whole new worlds with the power of ai.1 translate 44 languages into english whether video calls or dialogue in a streaming video, get accurate subtitles in real-time with automatic live captions. prerelease product shown, subject to change.15 effects that enhance your calls improve lighting, cancel noises, and blur distractions during video calls. when presentation matters, turn on windows studio effects. prerelease product shown, subject to change. recall cocreator microsoft onenote adobe photoshop live captions windows studio effects laptop security from every angle access your surface with quick and accurate facial recognition. windows hello securely log in to your surface pro with nothing but a glance. pre-installed chip-to-cloud security. microsoft pluton built-in security and peace of mind that protects your data from bad actors online or in person. easy, effective protection from online threats.1 microsoft defender seamlessly protect you and your family’s data and devices. a remarkable pen enhanced by ai the surface slim pen delivers incredibly responsive, true-to-life note taking, inking, and drawing—and uses generative ai to help you leap from inspiration to finished work. prerelease product shown, subject to change.1,16,17 turn your imagination into images describe or draw your vision and watch live as cocreator generates an interpretation of it.13,17 ultra-precise inking experience take notes, edit a schedule, or mark up an email reply. use your slim pen everywhere, including copilot in windows.1,16,17 show up as your best self the surface pro ultra-wide quad hd front-facing camera enhances your video calls wherever you dial in from to ensure you have great lighting and crystal-clear sound. prerelease product shown, subject to change. a new way to flex surface pro flex keyboard can be used when it’s attached or detached, allowing you to position your surface pro and keyboard where they suit you.1,9 surface pro accessories build your perfect setup surface pro flex keyboard designed to be used attached or detached from your pro, surface pro flex keyboard has a precision haptic touchpad with edge-to-edge usability and keys that give you ultra-quiet typing.1 shop now surface pro keyboard with slim pen store, charge, type, and write. featuring a large glass trackpad, luxurious alcantara® material covering, and includes slim pen in the pen storage tray.1 shop now surface pro keyboard with bold keyset larger bold font, high contrast, and backlighting makes the keys more visible.1 shop now surface pro keyboard for a comfortable typing experience anywhere. sleek and compact, surface pro keyboard also features a large trackpad for precise navigation.1 shop now surface slim pen turn your ideas into reality with powerful creative tools supercharged by ai and surface slim pen. take handwritten notes and draw with the same feeling you get with pen on paper.1,17 shop now designed with sustainability in mind with more recycled materials, thoughtful packaging, and increased built-in efficiency, we design surface products with the circular economy in mind. surface pro is another step toward microsoft’s goal to be carbon negative, water positive, and achieve zero waste by 2030. learn about surface sustainability more recycled materials made with more recycled materials than pro 9, with a minimum of 72% recycled content in the enclosure.18 more energy efficient surface pro delivers higher performance with longer battery life. find the surface for you compare surface pro features and specs and find what’s best for you. compare and choose explore what’s inside see the full list of features and specifications included in surface pro. tech specs processor snapdragon® x plus (10 core), with lcd display snapdragon® x elite (12 core), with oled display npu qualcomm® hexagon™ with 45 trillion operations per second graphics qualcomm® adreno™ gpu memory and storage24 memory options: 16gb, 32gb or 64gb32 lpddr5x ram storage options: removable27 solid-state drive (gen 4 ssd) options: 256gb, 512gb, 1tb32 display surface pro with oled display: touchscreen: 13” pixelsense™ flow display11 resolution: 2880 x 1920 (267 ppi) aspect ratio: 3:2 contrast ratio: 1m:1 dynamic refresh rate up to 120hz color profile: srgb and vivid individually color-calibrated display adaptive color adaptive contrast auto color management touch: 10-point multi-touch dolby vision iq™29 corning® gorilla® glass 5 surface pro with lcd display: touchscreen: 13” pixelsense™ flow display11 resolution: 2880 x 1920 (267 ppi) aspect ratio: 3:2 contrast ratio: 1200:1 dynamic refresh rate: up to 120hz color profile: srgb and vivid individually color-calibrated display adaptive color adaptive contrast auto color management touch: 10-point multi-touch dolby vision iq™29 corning® gorilla® glass 5 battery life2 wi-fi only models-connected using wi-fi up to 14 hours of local video playback up to 10 hours of active web usage wi-fi+5g models-connected using cellular up to 9 hours of active web usage size and weight31,37 length: 11.3 inch (287 mm) width: 8.2 inch (209 mm) height: 0.37 inch (9.3 mm) weight: 1.97 lbs (895 g) security enhanced security with microsoft pluton tpm 2.0 windows 11 secured-core pc windows hello face authentication with enhanced sign-in security microsoft defender – for enhanced identity and privacy protection* video/cameras quad hd front-facing surface studio camera 1440p quad hd camera with ultrawide field of view windows studio effects with automatic framing, creative filters (illustrated, animated, watercolor), eye contact, eye contact: teleprompter, portrait blur, and portrait light 10mp ultra hd rear-facing camera windows hello face authentication camera audio 2 w stereo speakers with dolby® atmos®28 support for bluetooth® le audio mics dual studio mics with voice focus19 connections (ports) 2 x usb-c® / usb4® ports with support for: charging data transfer displayport 1.4a surface thunderbolt™ 4 dock and other accessories supports fast charging with minimum 65w power supply via surface connect or usb-c 10 surface pro keyboard port surface connect port nanosim8 network and connectivity surface pro wi-fi: wi-fi 7 bluetooth® wireless 5.4 technology surface pro wifi + 5g: wi-fi 77 bluetooth® wireless 5.4 technology location: gnss l1, gps, galileo, beidou, qzss and navic support nanosim and esim support33 supports 5g8 cellular 5g-nr sa/nsa, release 15, dl 256 qam up to 2.9 gbps, 4x4 mimo, ul 256 qam 4g gigabit lte – advanced pro, release 15, dl cat 19 up to 1.6 gbps, 256qam, 4x4 mimo, 5x dl ca, ul cat 18, 256 qam, contiguous 2x ulca 5g-nr bands n1, n2, n3, n5, n7, n8, n12, n14, n20, n25, n26, n28, n29, n30, n38, n40, n41, n48, n66, n71, n77, n78, n79 lte bands 1, 2, 3, 4, 5, 7, 8, 12, 13, 14, 19, 20, 25, 26, 28, 29, 30, 38, 39, 40, 41, 42, 48, 66, 71 wcdma bands 1, 2, 4, 5, 8 pen and accessories compatibility1 pen compatibility: designed for surface slim pen (2nd edition)1 integrated storage and wireless charging for surface slim pen (2nd edition) with surface pro keyboard and surface pro flex keyboard​1,38 supports tactile signals with surface slim pen (2nd edition)1 supports microsoft pen protocol (mpp) keyboard compatibility: surface pro flex keyboard1 surface pro keyboard with pen storage1 surface pro signature keyboard1 surface pro keyboard1 surface pro x signature keyboard1 surface pro x keyboard1 software windows 11 home preloaded microsoft 365 apps* microsoft 365 family 30-day trial25 microsoft defender app* preloaded xbox app xbox game pass ultimate 30-day trial26 accessible through xbox cloud gaming accessibility compatible with the optional bold keyset version of surface pro flex keyboard and surface pro keyboard1 compatible with surface precision haptic touchpad built into surface pro flex keyboard39 compatible with surface adaptive kit1 compatible with microsoft adaptive accessories1 supports microsoft accessibility features – accessible technology, products & innovation | microsoft accessibility discover more microsoft accessible devices & products - accessible devices & products for pc & gaming | assistive tech accessories - microsoft store sustainability surface pro is designed with sustainability in mind - see more on the surface pro eco profile more recycled materials: enclosure is made with a minimum of 72% recycled content, including 100% recycled aluminum alloy and 100% recycled rare earth metals18 thoughtful packaging: 70% recycled content in wood-based fiber packaging paper-based, minimizing plastic use 100% of our virgin paper sourced is fsc certified to be responsibly forested more energy efficient: energy star® certified registered epeat® gold36 more repairable: easier to repair, with clear visual icons and built-in access to repair instructions23 surface trade in: we make trade-in and recycling convenient and secure with global programs. learn more at microsoft trade in & recycling program - microsoft store microsoft is committed to be carbon negative, water positive, and achieve zero waste by 2030. learn more about how we design with sustainability in mind: sustainable products & solutions | microsoft csr microsoft surface sustainability - microsoft sustainability serviceability replaceable components and self-repair information exterior casing: anodized aluminum colors6: sapphire, dune, black, platinum physical buttons: volume, power kickstand kickstand with 165 degrees full friction hinge sensors accelerometer gyroscope magnetometer ambient color sensor what’s in the box surface pro (11th edition) quick start guide safety and warranty documents 39w power supply (in select markets, available only with specific configurations) sim card access tool8 warranty30 1-year limited hardware warranty battery capacities34 surface pro with lcd display: battery capacity nominal (wh) 48 battery capacity min (wh) 47 surface pro with oled display: battery capacity nominal (wh) 53 battery capacity min (wh) 51 show all specs collapse all specs frequently asked questions expand all | collapse all how much is the surface pro 11th edition? pricing for the surface pro 11th edition starts at $899.99. where can i order the surface pro 11th edition? the surface pro 11th edition is available for purchase at the microsoft store and retailers. why should i buy my surface pro 11th edition from the microsoft store? when you order from the microsoft store, you can enjoy benefits such as free shipping, 60-day returns, free advice from product experts, and multiple ways to pay. in addition, you can take advantage of our 60-day price protection policy. when was surface pro 11th edition released? surface pro 11th edition was announced on may 20, 2024, and was made available for purchase on june 18, 2024. what is the latest surface pro? the latest surface pro is the surface pro 11th edition. it is the fastest, most intelligent surface pro. what’s the difference between surface pro 11th edition versus surface laptop 7th edition? both surface pro 11th edition and surface laptop 7th edition are copilot+ pcs, meaning they’re equipped with cutting-edge ai integration that makes them smarter and faster than ever before. however, surface pro 11th edition is a 2-in-1 device, so you have the option to use it as a tablet or attach a keyboard to turn it into a laptop. surface pro 11th edition is more portable—it weighs only 1.97 pounds. surface laptop 7th edition 13.8” weighs 2.96 pounds while the 15” laptop weighs 3.67 pounds. compare surface computers today to learn more about the differences between these two devices. is the surface pro 11th edition a laptop or a tablet? it’s both! the surface pro 11th edition combines the power of a laptop with the versatility of a tablet. with its unique kickstand design, surface pro 11th edition lets you effortlessly shift from tablet to laptop. surface pro flex keyboard is the first ever surface keyboard that can be used either attached or detached. what is new with the surface pro 11th edition? surface pro 11th edition features a snapdragon® x plus or snapdragon® x elite processor, a 13-inch oled touchscreen with an optional 1m:1 contrast ratio and offers 16gb, 32gb, or 64gb of ram. storage options include 256gb, 512gb, or 1tb. it boasts up to 14 hours of local video playback, two usb-c ports, wi-fi 7 and optional 5g connectivity, and weighs under 2 lbs (900 g). you’ll get fast performance with its turbocharged npu (up to 45 trillion operations per second) and unique ai features. additional features include ai-accelerated copilot+ experiences, windows hello face authentication for secure login, and surface slim pen1 for note-taking and drawing. surface pro 11th edition comes in four different colors: sapphire, dune, black, and platinum.6 which surface device is right for me? use the "help me choose a surface" tool to compare surface devices. this will help you find devices that best fit your needs, lifestyle, and budget. how can i customize the surface pro 11th edition to my needs? you can build your own surface and choose from options that can fit your needs and your budget, such processing power, storage space, colors, and connectivity options. you can also opt for a preconfigured surface that has the combination of features you need. what are copilot+ pc experiences? copilot+ pc experiences41, which can be found in the surface pro 11th edition, are advanced ai features that accelerate your productivity and creativity: recall12, cocreator42,43 windows studio effects, automatic super resolution44, and live captions.15 what makes surface devices equipped with copilot+ unique? copilot+ pcs are a new class of windows 11 pcs that are powered by a turbocharged neural processing unit (npu)—a specialized computer chip for ai-intensive processes like real-time translations and image generation—that can perform more than 40 trillion operations per second (tops). what is the battery life of the surface pro 11th edition? the microsoft surface pro 11 has a battery life of up to 14 hours based on local video playback. however, battery life can vary significantly with settings, usage, and other factors. how much storage does the surface pro 11th edition come with? the surface pro 11th edition comes with storage options of 256gb, 512gb, or 1tb. the specific storage capacity would depend on the model you purchase. what colors is surface pro 11th edition available in? surface pro 11th edition is available in four different colors: sapphire, dune, black, and platinum.6 what operating system does the surface pro 11th edition come with? every surface pro 11th edition comes with windows 11 complete with the latest in security, productivity, and gaming features, as well as the latest copilot in windows. does surface pro 11th edition come with a keyboard? the surface pro flex keyboard is sold separately. don’t forget to purchase the surface pro flex keyboard with your new surface pro 11th edition 2-in-1 pc. how big is surface pro 11th edition? the dimensions of surface pro 11th edition is 11.3 inches long, 8.2 inches wide, and 0.37 inches high. how much does surface pro 11th edition weigh? surface pro 11th edition is ultra-portable, weighing 1.97 pounds (895 grams). can i connect the surface pro 11th edition to a monitor? with 2 x usb-c® / usb4® ports that support charging, data transfer, and displayport 2.1, you can connect up to two 4k monitors via surface thunderbolt™ 4 dock (sold separately). protect your surface surface for your business accessories surface support register your surface get the surface newsletter power cord recall [*] subscription required. sold separately. software license required for some features. [1] microsoft 365, and some accessories and software sold separately. features and app availability may vary by region. [2] battery life varies significantly based on device configuration, usage, network and feature configuration, signal strength, settings and other factors. see surface battery performance for details. surface pro wi-fi only models-connected using wi-fi local video playback: based on local video playback test. battery life varies significantly based on usage, network and feature configuration, signal strength, settings, and other factors. see aka.ms/surfacebatteryperformance for details. wi-fi only models. based on local video playback test. testing conducted by microsoft in april 2024 using preproduction software and preproduction surface pro snapdragon® x plus c10 256gb and 512gb, 16gb ram (lcd), wi-fi only devices and surface pro snapdragon® x elite c12 1tb 32gb ram (oled), wi-fi only devices. testing consisted of full battery discharge during video playback of a .mov file through the windows media player application in 1080p at 24 fps. all settings were default except screen brightness set to 150 nits with auto-brightness disabled. wi-fi was connected to a network. battery life varies significantly with settings, usage, and other factors. web browsing: based on a web browsing test. battery life varies significantly based on usage, network and feature configuration, signal strength, settings and other factors. see aka.ms/surfacebatteryperformance for details. wi-fi only models. based on a web browsing test. testing conducted by microsoft in april 2024 using preproduction software and preproduction surface pro snapdragon® x plus c10 256gb and 512gb, 16gb ram (lcd), wi-fi only devices and surface pro snapdragon® x elite c12 1tb 32gb ram (oled), wi-fi only devices. testing consisted of full battery discharge while accessing eight popular websites over multiple open tabs through the browser. all settings were default except screen brightness set to 150 nits with auto-brightness disabled. wi-fi was connected to a network. battery life varies significantly with settings, usage, and other factors. surface pro wi-fi+5g models-connected using cellular web browsing: based on a web browsing test. battery life varies significantly based on usage, network and feature configuration, signal strength, settings and other factors. see aka.ms/surfacebatteryperformance for details. wi-fi+5g models. based on a web browsing test. testing conducted by microsoft in august 2024 using preproduction software and preproduction surface pro snapdragon® x plus c10 256gb, 16gb ram (lcd) and surface pro snapdragon® x elite c12 512gb, 16gb ram (oled) devices. testing consisted of full battery discharge while accessing eight popular websites over multiple open tabs through the browser. all settings were default except screen brightness set to 150 nits with auto-brightness disabled. cellular enabled and device connected to a cellular network. battery life varies significantly with settings, usage, and other factors. copilot for microsoft 365 sold separately. keyboard sold separately. use copilot key with supported windows 11 devices; feature availability varies by device and market, see aka.ms/keysupport. [4] hdr requires hdr content and enabling hdr in device settings. [5] compared to surface pro 9. [6] colors available on selected models only. available colors, sizes, finishes, and processors may vary by store, market, and configuration. [7] 6ghz band not available in all regions. [8] surface pro with 5g only. 5g not available in all areas; compatibility and performance depends on carrier network, plan and other factors. see carrier for details and pricing. [9] detached use requires windows 11. [10] in select markets, only specific configurations come with 39w surface power supply. fast charging is supported with minimum 65w surface power supply or usb type-c pd charger rated at 60w or higher, sold separately. testing conducted by microsoft in march 2024. for details on fast charging see - usb-c and fast charging for surface - microsoft support. [11] surface pro display has rounded corners within a standard rectangle. when measured as a standard rectangular shape the screen is 13” diagonally (actual viewable area is less). [12] recall is coming soon through a post-launch windows update. optimized for select languages (english, chinese (simplified), french, german, japanese, and spanish.) content-based and storage limitations apply. see https://aka.ms/copilotpluspcs. [13] microsoft account required. optimized for english text prompts. see https://aka.ms/copilotpluspcs. [15] currently supports translation for video and audio subtitles into english from 40+ languages. see https://aka.ms/copilotpluspcs. [16] surface slim pen (2nd edition) experiences and compatibility vary by which surface device you are using it with. visit aka.ms/surfaceslimpencompatibility to learn more. [17] microsoft account required. [18] enclosure includes bucket and kickstand. 100% recycled aluminum alloy in bucket and kickstand. 100% recycled rare earth metals in magnets. based on validation performed by underwriter laboratories, inc. using environmental claim validation procedure, ul 2809-2, second edition, november 7, 2023. [19] voice focus requires activation, requires windows 11 and is available in apps which use integrated device microphones and use certain windows audio processing modes. [23] replacement components available through online microsoft store and ifixit for out-of-warranty repair. components can be replaced by individuals with the knowledge and experience to repair electronic devices following microsoft’s service guide. microsoft tools (sold separately) may also be required. availability of replacement components and service options may vary by product, market and over time. see self-repair information for your surface device - microsoft support. opening and/or repairing a device can present electric shock, device damage, fire and personal injury risk, and other hazards. use caution if undertaking self-service repairs. unless required by law, damage caused during repair is not covered under microsoft’s limited hardware warranty or protection plans. [24] system software uses significant storage space. available storage is subject to change based on system software updates and apps usage. 1gb = 1 billion bytes. 1tb = 1,000gb. see surface storage for more details. [25] activation required. [26] activation required for xbox game pass ultimate. xbox game pass ultimate one month trial accessible through xbox play. you can use it to play games on xbox one and xbox series consoles, and stream select games where available through xbox play on supported devices. [27] this device does not contain user serviceable parts. hard drive is only removable by an authorized technician following microsoft provided instructions. [28] requires dolby atmos® encoded content and audio. [29] requires dolby vision® encoded content and video. [30] microsoft’s limited warranty is in addition to your consumer law rights. [31] might vary depending on manufacturing processes. [32] 32gb, 64gb memory and 1tb storage options available for surface pro with wi-fi only. [33] esim support may vary by carrier. [34] actual rating nominal (wh) 58.0 and min (wh) 56.3. [36] please refer to the epeat registry for current ratings. ratings can vary by country, may change over time, and products are eventually archived [37] weight not including type cover. [38] applies to surface pro keyboard with pen storage, surface pro flex keyboard, and surface pro signature keyboard. [39] requires windows 11. [40] surface laptop studio 2 display has rounded corners within a standard rectangle. when measured as a standard rectangular shape the screen is 14.36” diagonally (actual viewable area is less). [41] available copilot+ pc experiences vary by device and region over time. see aka.ms/copilotpluspcs [42] optimized for english text prompts. requires microsoft account and internet connection to access cloud services that help ensure the responsible use of ai. learn more. [43] on some devices, copilot+ pc experiences require free updates available starting later this year and continuing into 2025. timing varies by device and region. see aka.ms/copilotpluspcs [44] available at initial launch in limited number of games. more information can be found at automatic super resolution - microsoft support follow surface share this page back to top what's new surface pro surface laptop surface laptop studio 2 surface laptop go 3 microsoft copilot ai in windows explore microsoft products windows 11 apps microsoft store account profile download center microsoft store support returns order tracking certified refurbished microsoft store promise flexible payments education microsoft in education devices for education microsoft teams for education microsoft 365 education how to buy for your school educator training and development deals for students and parents azure for students business microsoft cloud microsoft security dynamics 365 microsoft 365 microsoft power platform microsoft teams microsoft 365 copilot small business developer & it azure microsoft developer documentation microsoft learn microsoft tech community azure marketplace appsource visual studio company careers about microsoft company news privacy at microsoft investors diversity and inclusion accessibility sustainability english (united states) your privacy choices opt-out icon your privacy choices your privacy choices opt-out icon your privacy choices consumer health privacy sitemap contact microsoft privacy manage cookies terms of use trademarks safety & eco recycling about our ads © microsoft 2025