来源URL: https://web.archive.org/web/20250520003800/https://www.microsoft.com/en-us/microsoft-365/copilot/copilot-for-work
================================================================================

your ai assistant for work | microsoft 365 copilot trace id is missing skip to main content microsoft microsoft 365 microsoft 365 microsoft 365 home copilot for work getting started getting started meet copilot get up and running maximize impact products products microsoft 365 copilot chat microsoft 365 copilot for enterprise microsoft 365 copilot for business microsoft copilot studio see all copilots role-based agents role-based agents microsoft 365 copilot for sales microsoft 365 copilot for service microsoft 365 copilot for finance for departments​ for departments​ marketing customer service sales legal see all departments for industries for industries manufacturing retail financial services healthcare see all industries plans and pricing for personal use resources download microsoft 365 copilot app learn to use copilot microsoft 365 copilot blog microsoft ai try copilot chat download the app more all microsoft global microsoft 365 teams copilot windows surface xbox deals small business support software software windows apps ai outlook onedrive microsoft teams onenote microsoft edge skype pcs & devices pcs & devices computers shop xbox accessories vr & mixed reality certified refurbished trade-in for cash entertainment entertainment xbox game pass ultimate pc game pass xbox games pc games movies & tv business business microsoft cloud microsoft security dynamics 365 microsoft 365 for business microsoft power platform windows 365 microsoft industry small business developer & it developer & it azure microsoft developer microsoft learn support for ai marketplace apps microsoft tech community azure marketplace appsource visual studio other other microsoft rewards free downloads & security education gift cards licensing unlocked stories view sitemap search search microsoft 365 no results cancel sign in discover the newest capabilities in microsoft 365 copilot and copilot studio announced at microsoft build 2025. read the blog copilot for all ai at work just got better. with microsoft 365 copilot and the new microsoft 365 copilot chat, every organization can drive ai transformation at scale. what’s included what’s included role-based agents build your own business impact products faqs try copilot chat download the app try copilot chat download the app elevate your work—not your effort power your productivity achieve more with powerful generative ai built into your everyday apps. copilot combines data from across your work and the web to help you transform your workflow. streamline business processes drive efficiency and reduce costs by customizing copilot with agents, which can automate and run business processes behind the scenes. work securely, innovate freely embrace ai with peace of mind knowing your data is protected. copilot is built on a comprehensive approach to enterprise-grade security and inherits the policies you’ve set up in microsoft 365. what’s included see what your teams can do with copilot for enterprise for business brainstorm and build align quickly seamlessly collaborate amplify impact catch up in minutes write the perfect email previous next generate new ideas and create a plan in seconds recap and clarify key decisions turn copilot responses into the foundation of your work seamlessly collaborate enhance copilot and automate processes with agents—built in copilot studio get up to speed (even if you’re logging in late) draft effective emails and manage your inbox back to tabs brainstorm and build align quickly amplify impact catch up in minutes write the perfect email seamlessly collaborate already have microsoft 365 for work? if you don’t have microsoft 365 copilot licenses yet, you can still try microsoft 365 copilot chat. just sign in with your work account. try copilot chat download the app role-based agents gain an ai edge in every role maximize business impact with role-based agents for microsoft 365 copilot that are purpose-built for sales, service, and finance. copilot for sales bring sales insights and next-generation ai right in the flow of work to help sellers, sales managers, and sales operations close more deals. learn more copilot for service modernize your contact center with an ai assistant designed for customer service agents—boosting service experiences and agent productivity. learn more copilot for finance (preview) add ai power to your financial processes, helping analysts, accountants, controllers, and treasury professionals optimize their workflows. learn more build your own create agents for your business build your own agents with copilot studio. streamline workflows, do more with your data, and create tailored ai-powered solutions to boost operations and customer experiences. explore copilot studio learn more about agents create agents for your business business impact discover how copilot is transforming the workplace "[w]ith copilot our it team saves between 10% and 50% of time." daniel ivanov, director of corporate it, paysafe 57% of users enjoy their work more using microsoft 365 copilot.1 75% of users said they were more productive when using copilot.1 products find the right copilot solution for your needs microsoft 365 copilot microsoft 365 copilot role-based agents build your own agents microsoft 365 copilot discover how your ai assistant for work helps supercharge employee productivity, streamline business processes, and add measurable value across your organization. for enterprise for business microsoft 365 copilot for sales empower sellers with generative ai that connects with your crm platform. get summarized sales opportunities, streamline processes, and create personalized content to maximize efficiency. learn more microsoft 365 copilot for service extend your crm and contact center solutions with ai-powered capabilities that automate routine tasks and help customer service agents accelerate onboarding, resolve cases faster, and improve business efficiency. learn more microsoft 365 copilot for finance streamline operations for financial professionals. surface insights to support decision-making, reduce time spent on manual work, and spur business growth with generative ai that connects to your existing erp. learn more microsoft copilot studio customize microsoft 365 copilot with agents to automate business processes—or build your own generative ai agents. learn more back to tabs faq frequently asked questions expand all collapse all 01/ what’s the difference between microsoft copilot and microsoft 365 copilot? microsoft copilot is a portfolio of generative ai agents built into the microsoft apps, products, and services you know and love. microsoft copilot supports enterprises, businesses, and individuals. microsoft 365 copilot is an ai assistant for work that’s built specifically in your productivity apps, supporting enterprises and businesses. 02/ how does microsoft 365 copilot work with the apps i already use? microsoft 365 copilot provides ai assistance within your everyday apps, responding to your prompts to help you draft content, analyze data, automate tasks, and collaborate more effectively—all without disrupting your workflow. 03/ is there an office copilot? no, there isn’t an "office copilot." office is now microsoft 365, and microsoft 365 copilot works in the apps you already use, like word, excel, powerpoint, teams, and outlook. 04/ how does microsoft 365 copilot help keep my data safe? keeping your proprietary data confidential is important, and copilot has built-in safeguards to help ensure it stays that way. copilot inherits all your existing microsoft 365 security and compliance requirements, so only people with the right permissions can access the content it generates. additionally, because copilot is a core microsoft 365 service, the data it uses resides in your geographical region. that means it complies with microsoft processing commitments for that region. learn more about data, privacy, and security for microsoft 365 copilot. 05/ what kinds of things can microsoft 365 copilot help me with? microsoft 365 copilot works across your everyday apps, supporting you in the context of your work. for example, copilot in word can help with creating, understanding, and editing documents, while copilot in powerpoint can help with drafting a presentation, adding or editing slides, and even summarizing decks. learn more about what’s possible with microsoft 365 copilot. 06/ what’s the difference between microsoft 365 copilot chat and microsoft 365 copilot?​ microsoft 365 copilot chat is an ai chat available at no additional cost with microsoft 365. it includes web grounding, the latest large language models, file uploads, copilot pages, it controls, and enterprise-grade privacy and security. when you add a microsoft 365 copilot license, copilot chat becomes more powerful by drawing on microsoft graph, working directly in productivity apps, and using advanced measurement and management tools. 07/ what's the difference between copilot studio in microsoft 365 copilot and copilot studio licensed separately? copilot studio is the comprehensive tool for building ai-powered agents, which can be used to automate and run business processes. agents work alongside or on behalf of a person, team, or organization and can seamlessly integrate your data. microsoft 365 copilot licenses include usage of agents published to microsoft 365 copilot. copilot studio licensed separately includes usage of agents deployed across multiple channels, beyond just microsoft 365 copilot. 08/ what is copilot pages? copilot pages is a flexible space where people can work together with ai. it turns temporary ai-created content into something lasting, so you can edit it, add to it, and share it with others. learn more. continue your ai journey get started with microsoft 365 copilot for enterprise for business get your organization ai-ready discover how to build your rollout strategy so you can accelerate usage and engagement with copilot. learn more new to microsoft? get productivity apps, security, and cloud storage all in one plan. see microsoft 365 plans [1] "ai data drop: the 11-by-11 tipping point,” worklab, microsoft. follow microsoft 365 paysafe streamlines internal processes with microsoft 365 copilot facing complex documentation, an intricate web of information, and multiple languages and geographies, leading payments platform paysafe decided to address these challenges with microsoft 365 copilot. paysafe’s employees quickly used copilot to streamline meetings, information management, and document creation, addressing language barriers, eliminating time-consuming tasks, and boosting creativity along the way. read the story next: article ai data drop: the 11-by-11 tipping point see details ai data drop: the 11-by-11 tipping point ai is proving to be a pivotal tool in enhancing both operational efficiencies and employee satisfaction. we conducted a survey of 1,300 users of microsoft 365 copilot to understand what’s going well, where there are challenges, and what early behaviors can teach us about adopting and rolling out ai broadly.   over the course of about one business quarter (11 weeks), copilot users saw improvement in four key outcomes: productivity, meeting relief, work enjoyment, and work/life balance. key findings include: users saved an average of 11 minutes per day, with the most efficient users saving up to 30 minutes. 75% of users said they were more productive. 57% of users said copilot helped them enjoy their work more. 34% of users said they had better work/life balance. 37% of users said they were able to attend fewer meetings. read the article new technology: the projected total economic impact™ of microsoft copilot for microsoft 365 forrester conducted a total economic impact™ study of microsoft 365 copilot—formerly known as copilot for microsoft 365. the interviewees and survey respondents shared how microsoft 365 copilot transformed their organizations with improved sales, marketing, customer experiences, operations, and company culture. the results of the study were clear—that organizations are achieving success faster and expecting future revenue growth because of ai. read the 2024 commissioned forrester consulting study, new technology: the projected total economic impact™ of microsoft copilot for microsoft 365, to learn how ai helps: increase topline revenues. decrease operational expenditures. reduce new-hire onboarding times. improve diversity, equity, and inclusion (dei). facilitate a better work-life balance. aid compliance and security. read the study next: customer story dow reimagines productivity and supply chain efficiency with microsoft 365 copilot see details dow reimagines productivity and supply chain efficiency with microsoft 365 copilot dow faced challenges in cost management and operational efficiency within its supply chain. with millions at stake in logistics spending, the company sought a solution to improve billing accuracy, streamline processes, and reduce costly overcharges. dow adopted microsoft 365 copilot to empower employees with ai insights and automate tasks across departments. copilot supports logistics by reviewing freight rates, flagging billing discrepancies, and optimizing workflows for efficiency.​ read the story what's new surface pro surface laptop surface laptop studio 2 surface laptop go 3 microsoft copilot ai in windows explore microsoft products windows 11 apps microsoft store account profile download center microsoft store support returns order tracking certified refurbished microsoft store promise flexible payments education microsoft in education devices for education microsoft teams for education microsoft 365 education how to buy for your school educator training and development deals for students and parents ai for education business microsoft cloud microsoft security dynamics 365 microsoft 365 microsoft power platform microsoft teams microsoft 365 copilot small business developer & it azure microsoft developer microsoft learn support for ai marketplace apps microsoft tech community azure marketplace appsource visual studio company careers about microsoft company news privacy at microsoft investors diversity and inclusion accessibility sustainability english (united states) your privacy choices opt-out icon your privacy choices your privacy choices opt-out icon your privacy choices consumer health privacy sitemap contact microsoft privacy manage cookies terms of use trademarks safety & eco recycling about our ads © microsoft 2025