来源URL: https://web.archive.org/web/20250407041512/https://www.microsoft.com/en-us/power-platform
================================================================================

ai-powered low-code tools | microsoft power platform trace id is missing skip to main content microsoft power platform power platform power platform home about power platform get started guided tours artificial intelligence (ai) security & governance dataverse connectors templates products power bi power bi power bi desktop pro premium embedded report server power apps power automate power pages copilot studio pricing resources resources by product power platform learn power platform blog documentation power platform topics start free more all microsoft global microsoft 365 teams copilot windows surface xbox deals small business support software software windows apps ai outlook onedrive microsoft teams onenote microsoft edge skype pcs & devices pcs & devices computers shop xbox accessories vr & mixed reality certified refurbished trade-in for cash entertainment entertainment xbox game pass ultimate pc game pass xbox games pc and windows games movies & tv business business microsoft cloud microsoft security dynamics 365 microsoft 365 for business microsoft power platform windows 365 microsoft industry small business developer & it developer & it azure microsoft developer microsoft learn explore isv success microsoft tech community azure marketplace appsource visual studio other other microsoft rewards free downloads & security education gift cards licensing unlocked stories view sitemap explore copilot and agent innovations at the microsoft business applications launch event. register now microsoft power platform accelerate innovation cut costs and development time with low-code tools. take a guided tour ai-powered assistant need help with power platform? try the ai-powered assistant. what is power platform? how can i try power platform? benefits benefits video customer stories resources products benefits drive innovation across your business about microsoft power platform why microsoft power platform previous next overview empower everyone in your organization to develop solutions with low-code tools. microsoft dataverse do more with your data by using a low-code platform to secure and manage apps, workflows, and ai-powered tools. learn more security and governance easily manage, monitor, and secure your low-code investments with enterprise-grade compliance and governance. learn more connectors connect data across your applications with over 1000 power platform connectors—and create unified solutions. learn more cloud ecosystem create more impact and possibilities by connecting your solutions to microsoft fabric, azure, microsoft 365, and dynamics 365. learn more ai capabilities speed up app development, automate workflows, visualize data, and reduce repetitive tasks with ai-powered tools. learn more enterprise-grade solutions drive productivity and collaboration by enabling developers to create innovative, scalable solutions fast. learn more intelligent chat experiences improve employee and customer experiences while optimizing business processes using conversational ai. learn more back to tabs why businesses choose microsoft power platform learn how low-code solutions inspire innovation across teams. microsoft power platform explore industry research and insights previous next see why microsoft was named a leader in the 2024 gartner® magic quadrant™ for enterprise low-code application platforms report.2 read the report orgs earned 7% revenue growth in the 2024 total economic impact™ of microsoft power platform, a commissioned study conducted by forrester consulting.1 get the study back to tabs customer stories turn great ideas into impactful solutions previous slide next slide ‎“we built a decentralized governance model while maintaining central guidelines and oversight.” mirco calbucci, head of collaboration services, zurich insurance group products power apps microsoft copilot studio read the story read all stories “a flow that would normally take us at least four hours to create and configure only took us 40 minutes using copilot in power automate.” jakub skalbania, cgo, netwise, acting cto, nsure 60% time savings with copilot in power automate 50% cost savings with copilot in power automate products power automate microsoft copilot studio power apps read the story read all stories “security is very important to us … with our center of excellence, we’re able to bring governance and structure to power platform development and protect our data.” eric soria, principal product owner, pg&e 4,200 power automate flows created 2,000 power apps applications created products power apps microsoft copilot studio power automate read the story read all stories “bcp’s experience with power platform demonstrates that digital transformation can be a strategic advantage, fostering growth and innovation while maintaining compliance.” ivan contreras olortegui, lead of cloud center of excellence, banco de crédito del perú $80,000 estimated savings per year 33% increase in sales products power apps power automate read the story read all stories ”since working with power platform, there has never been this much collaboration ... everyone is planning and building compelling business solutions together.” colt coan, senior manager of rapid development, epiq 2,000 monthly hours saved $500,000 estimated savings per year products microsoft copilot studio power apps power automate power bi read the story read all stories back to customer stories section resources read, watch, and explore more about microsoft power platform featured news news and learning e-books previous next previous slide next slide blog now available: copilot hub in power platform monitor usage, configure copilot settings, and access key documentation in a new centralized location for admins. learn more blog build model-driven apps faster learn to quickly add forms and other components to your apps using copilot in power apps. learn more blog announcing copilot innovations in power platform explore the latest updates, including ai agent builders, extended copilot capabilities, and azure integrations. learn more blog strengthened security in power platform securely manage your ai investments with a redesigned admin center and enhanced monitoring. learn more back to carousel navigation controls previous slide next slide webinar accelerating process modernization: power platform in the age of ai see how updating processes can help everyone across the organization be more efficient and innovative. watch now blog unveiling ai agents built with microsoft copilot studio learn how to use ai to solve your unique business problems and streamline processes with custom agents. learn more blog reduce development times and increase roi find out how real microsoft customers have maximized their low-code investments with microsoft power platform. learn more back to carousel navigation controls previous slide next slide e-book transforming it: the strategic impact of low-code development learn how low-code solutions can help your organization achieve its goals, speed development, and stay secure. download now e-book cio’s guide to low-code innovation get guidance on how to incorporate low-code tools and practices into your own organization. download now back to carousel navigation controls back to tabs products explore innovative end-to-end business solutions power platform create apps and workflows across your organization with low-code tools. microsoft power bi guide decision making with stunning reports and real-time insights from across your organization. learn more microsoft power apps build and launch professional-grade apps and automate workflows without additional coding. learn more microsoft power automate boost productivity by automating repetitive tasks and workflows with process automation. learn more microsoft power pages create websites and customer solutions fast while securely storing and managing data. learn more microsoft copilot studio transform customer and employee experiences when you build custom copilots. learn more get started try microsoft power platform explore the low-code tools microsoft power platform offers with free trials for each product. start a free trial microsoft's 50th anniversary join us in celebrating the bold, curious, exhilarating, groundbreaking, unpredictable and unforgettable things you've made over the past 50 years. read more [1] the total economic impact™ of microsoft power platform, a commissioned study conducted by forrester consulting on behalf of microsoft, july 2024. data reflects the three-year roi and net present value of adopting power platform capabilities for a composite organization. [2] gartner, magic quadrant for enterprise low-code application platforms, oleksandr matvitskyy, kyle davis, akash jain, 16 october 2024.   gartner is a registered trademark and service mark of gartner, inc. and/or its affiliates in the u.s. and internationally, and magic quadrant is a registered trademark of gartner, inc. and/or its affiliates and are used herein with permission. all rights reserved.   gartner does not endorse any vendor, product or service depicted in its research publications, and does not advise technology users to select only those vendors with the highest ratings or other designation. gartner research publications consist of the opinions of gartner's research organization and should not be construed as statements of fact. gartner disclaims all warranties, expressed or implied, with respect to this research, including any warranties of merchantability or fitness for a particular purpose. follow power platform what's new surface pro surface laptop surface laptop studio 2 surface laptop go 3 microsoft copilot ai in windows explore microsoft products windows 11 apps microsoft store account profile download center microsoft store support returns order tracking certified refurbished microsoft store promise flexible payments education microsoft in education devices for education microsoft teams for education microsoft 365 education how to buy for your school educator training and development deals for students and parents azure for students business microsoft cloud microsoft security dynamics 365 microsoft 365 microsoft power platform microsoft teams microsoft 365 copilot small business developer & it azure microsoft developer microsoft learn explore isv success microsoft tech community azure marketplace appsource visual studio company careers about microsoft company news privacy at microsoft investors diversity and inclusion accessibility sustainability english (united states) your privacy choices opt-out icon your privacy choices your privacy choices opt-out icon your privacy choices consumer health privacy sitemap contact microsoft privacy manage cookies terms of use trademarks safety & eco recycling about our ads © microsoft 2025 ai-powered assistant ai-powered assistant