来源URL: https://web.archive.org/web/20250407041512/https://www.microsoft.com/en-us/sql-server/
================================================================================

microsoft sql server trace id is missing skip to main content microsoft data platform data platform data platform home products data platform data platform microsoft intelligent data platform azure arc azure databases azure synapse analytics power bi sql server sql server sql server 2022 sql server bi previous versions previous versions sql server 2019 sql server 2017 sql server 2016 sql server 2005 - 2014 downloads community resources sql end of support data security - sql server encryption sql server blog sql server and azure sql workshops browse microsoft solutions hub sql server tech community azure databases tech community azure synapse analytics tech community developer partner find a partner become a partner partner resources try sql server 2022 more all microsoft global microsoft security azure dynamics 365 microsoft 365 microsoft teams windows 365 tech & innovation tech & innovation microsoft cloud ai azure space mixed reality microsoft hololens microsoft viva quantum computing sustainability industries industries education automotive financial services government healthcare manufacturing retail all industries partners partners find a partner become a partner partner network azure marketplace appsource resources resources blog microsoft advertising developer center documentation events licensing microsoft learn microsoft research view sitemap announcing microsoft sql server 2025: an enterprise ai-ready database from ground to cloud. learn more microsoft sql server get the flexibility you need to use integrated solutions and apps with your data—in the cloud, on-premises, or at the edge. sql server 2022 is the most azure-enabled release yet, with innovation across performance, security, and availability. try sql server 2022 migrate to azure benefits benefits overview impact solutions success stories get started try sql server try sql server benefits supercharge your mission-critical workloads with sql server 2022 fast and agile build apps and deploy anywhere with a flexible data platform to get your innovations to market faster. built-in intelligence intelligent query performance (iqp) enhancements adapt query plan to common pitfalls without application changes, making intelligent parallelism adjustments for at-scale workloads. enterprise-proven scale your business while meeting your security, performance, and availability needs with an industry-leading total cost of ownership. overview reinvent your business azure arc sql server 2022 build intelligent apps previous next unparalleled integrated management view all sql servers deployed on-premises, in azure, and in other clouds. capture key performance metrics and realize faster time-to-value with monitoring. gain proactive and actionable insights with automated best practices assessment. learn more enhanced business continuity manage availability groups (ags) inventory and track real-time health status. view always on failover cluster instances (fci) and protect with defender for cloud. automate backups and point-in-time restore for seamless application of policy. learn more unrivaled security and governance enhancement protect your on-premises and multi-cloud data using microsoft defender for cloud. enhance security using auto patching and extended security updates enabled by azure arc. gain central insights and governance across all sql databases with microsoft purview. learn more simplified sql licensing via pay-as-you-go model scale with cost-efficient, pay-as-you-go pricing. easily onboard new technologies or scale existing ones as your data estate grows. learn more business continuity through azure help ensure uptime with fully managed disaster recovery in the cloud through the link feature in azure sql managed instance. continuously replicate data to and from the cloud. learn more seamless analytics over on-premises operational data drive insights in near real-time by breaking the wall between operational and analytical stores. analyze all your data using both apache spark and sql runtimes in the cloud with azure synapse link for sql server 2022. learn more visibility over your entire data estate manage and govern your entire data estate to overcome data silos with microsoft purview, which combines data governance solutions and microsoft 365 compliance solutions into a united platform. safeguard and manage sensitive data wherever it lives. learn more the most secure database achieve your security and compliance goals using the database rated as least vulnerable over the last 10 years. use an immutable ledger to help protect data from tampering. learn more industry-leading performance and availability take advantage of performance and availability for faster queries and business continuity. accelerate query performance and tuning with no code changes required. keep multi-write environments running smoothly for users across multiple locations. learn more trust your cloud get security from the ground up with multi-layer security provided by microsoft. gain infrastructure backed by a team of experts, and proactive compliance trusted by enterprises, governments, and startups. learn more operate hybrid seamlessly bring your on-premises core-based sql server license to azure. integrate and manage your environments with tools and services designed for hybrid cloud. learn more build on your terms build apps with your favorite open-source frameworks and languages. take advantage of best-in-class tools on a platform that supports a wide range of services. learn more back to tabs microsoft intelligent data platform pivot and adapt in a rapidly evolving landscape, add layers of intelligence to applications, uncover predictive insights, and govern data anywhere with an integrated data platform. learn more impact the numbers speak for themselves 98 of the fortune 100 companies use sql server 1m predictions/second using machine learning services learn more 100t transactions/day using azure cosmos db learn more solutions find the sql server version and solutions for your needs sql server 2022 the most azure-enabled release yet, with continued performance, security, and availability innovation. learn more sql server enabled by azure arc extend azure services to sql server instances hosted outside of azure. learn more sql server on azure azure sql is a family of managed, secure, and intelligent products that use the sql server database engine in the azure cloud. learn more sql server bi a modern, comprehensive, enterprise-ready business intelligence platform to transform data into insights. learn more sql server 2022 developer a full-featured free edition, licensed for use as a development and test database in a non-production environment. download now sql server 2022 express a free edition of sql server, ideal for development and production for desktop, web, and small server applications. download now success stories see how companies use the microsoft data platform to realize their potential read more stories previous slide next slide nba players improve performance with ai on azure ai infrastructure the nba stats team built a microsoft azure solution based on azure kubernetes service to collect data that can help them understand players’ strengths and weaknesses. read the story entain bets on sql server 2022 to boost growing gaming business entain, a leader in sports betting, gaming, and interactive entertainment, relies on the stability of microsoft sql server as its data platform. read the story bulutistan extends azure services to local cloud with azure arc–enabled sql managed instance bulutistan turned to azure arc to provide its customers with azure services while keeping data on-premises in accordance with the country’s data sovereignty laws. read the story back to success stories get started take the next step with sql server try sql server 2022 transform your business with continued performance and security innovation. try now sql server documentation dive into the technical details including installation guidance and stay up to date on the latest release notes. learn more sql server blog keep up on the latest news about sql server innovations and enhancements. explore the blog business solutions hub find your cloud solution explore now to find the right solution for your industry and business goals. browse all solutions microsoft's 50th anniversary join us in celebrating the bold, curious, exhilarating, groundbreaking, unpredictable and unforgettable things you've made over the past 50 years. read more follow us share this page what's new surface pro surface laptop surface laptop studio 2 surface laptop go 3 microsoft copilot ai in windows explore microsoft products windows 11 apps microsoft store account profile download center microsoft store support returns order tracking certified refurbished microsoft store promise flexible payments education microsoft in education devices for education microsoft teams for education microsoft 365 education how to buy for your school educator training and development deals for students and parents azure for students business microsoft cloud microsoft security dynamics 365 microsoft 365 microsoft power platform microsoft teams microsoft 365 copilot small business developer & it azure microsoft developer microsoft learn explore isv success microsoft tech community azure marketplace appsource visual studio company careers about microsoft company news privacy at microsoft investors diversity and inclusion accessibility sustainability english (united states) your privacy choices opt-out icon your privacy choices your privacy choices opt-out icon your privacy choices consumer health privacy sitemap contact microsoft privacy manage cookies terms of use trademarks safety & eco recycling about our ads © microsoft 2025 close chat with sales available m-f 6 am to 6 pm pt.