来源URL: https://web.archive.org/web/20250520003800/https://www.microsoft.com/en-us/store/b/business?icid=CNavBusinessStore
================================================================================

small business solutions | microsoft store for business trace id is missing translate to english you are shopping microsoft store in: {0} are you looking for microsoft store in: {0}? stay in {0} go to {0} sign me up thank you! stay informed about special deals, the latest products, events and more from microsoft store. email address (required) location (required) argentina australia austria belgium brazil canada chile colombia czech republic denmark finland france germany hungary india ireland israel italy japan luxembourg mexico netherlands new zealand norway poland portugal singapore south africa south korea spain sweden turkey switzerland united kingdom united states i would like information, tips, and offers about microsoft store and other microsoft products and services. privacy statement . by clicking sign up, i agree that i would like to hear from microsoft and its family of companies about microsoft store and other microsoft products and services. to withdraw consent or manage your contact preferences, visit the promotional communications manager. privacy statement . sign up you’re now signed up to receive microsoft store emails. thank you! skip to main content microsoft small business small business small business home surface 2-in-1 pcs for business 2-in-1 pcs for business new surface pro, copilot+ pc, 13-inch | intel surface pro, copilot+ pc, 13-inch | snapdragon surface pro 10 surface go 4 coming soon - surface pro, copilot+ pc, 12-inch | snapdragon laptops for business laptops for business new surface laptop, copilot+ pc, 13.8 and 15-inch | intel surface laptop, copilot+ pc, 13.8 and 15-inch | snapdragon surface laptop 6 surface laptop studio 2 surface laptop go 3 coming soon - surface laptop, copilot+ pc, 13-inch | snapdragon large screens large screens surface hub 3 for business business accessories business accessories all business accessories keyboards and type covers surface pen and mice power supply and docking stations surface hub accessories need help deciding? need help deciding? compare surface devices surface for business deals certified refurbished surface for business compare surface software support more shop deals all microsoft global microsoft 365 teams copilot windows surface xbox deals small business support software software windows apps ai outlook onedrive microsoft teams onenote microsoft edge skype pcs & devices pcs & devices computers shop xbox accessories vr & mixed reality certified refurbished trade-in for cash entertainment entertainment xbox game pass ultimate pc game pass xbox games pc games movies & tv business business microsoft cloud microsoft security dynamics 365 microsoft 365 for business microsoft power platform windows 365 microsoft industry small business developer & it developer & it azure microsoft developer microsoft learn support for ai marketplace apps microsoft tech community azure marketplace appsource visual studio other other microsoft rewards free downloads & security education gift cards licensing unlocked stories view sitemap search search or ask a question no results cancel 0 cart 0 items in shopping cart sign in boost productivity with exceptional performance and all-day battery life.** upgrade now, before support ends for windows 10. find the right surface for your business small business solutions new surface copilot+ pcs for business, now with intel introducing the first surface copilot+ pcs built with new intel® core™ ultra processors (series 2). shop surface pro for business shop surface laptop for business compare business devices shop business accessories refurbished surface for business business deals business software save up to $130 surface copilot+ pcs for business, now with intel introducing the first surface copilot+ pcs built with new intel® core™ ultra processors (series 2). shop surface pro for business shop surface laptop for business surface pro 10 and surface laptop 6 for business get the perfect balance of security and creativity, plus advanced ai features designed to boost productivity and performance. shop surface pro 10 for business shop surface laptop 6 for business save up to $195 copilot+ pcs for business | snapdragon designed to accelerate your copilot experiences, the powerful surface laptop for business and surface pro for business define a new generation of ai pcs. shop surface laptop for business shop surface pro for business refurbished surface for business devices with our certified refurbished program, you can save big on select pre-owned devices that have been extensively screened, repaired, tested, and cleaned to microsoft standards. shop now learn more trade in used devices for cash convert your used laptops, desktops, and other devices to cash.¹ microsoft trade-ins are powered by teladvance. for trade-ins of 20 or more, teladvance offers customized shipping and handling. learn more microsoft 365 for business focus on your business and trust the end-to-end security from microsoft to protect your data, customers, and business. compare and choose from a variety of plans. compare plans microsoft 365 copilot make copilot your ai assistant for work. achieve more and grow your business with ai integrated into your favorite microsoft 365 apps. learn more surface accessories for business accessories to elevate your productivity with keyboards, docks, travel hub, mice and pens. shop now free 2-3 day shipping learn more free 60-day returns learn about returns 60-day price protection learn about price protection microsoft protection plans learn more learn more about surface for business slide %{start} of %{total}. %{slidetitle} skip surface for business videos section pause previous slide next slide windows 11 pro surface for business devices include windows 11 pro. stay productive and focused with a more intuitive and personalized user experience, plus powerful protections like enhanced phishing safeguards and passwordless security. compare windows 11 get windows 11 pro tips microsoft teams essentials engage with customers and team members securely from a single cloud-first platform. plus, add teams phone to make and receive calls on your devices. learn about teams essentials microsoft advertising leverage the cost-effective way to connect with more customers and take your business to the next level. see advertising options empower productivity learn how surface for business devices enable flexibility, hybrid work, and collaboration. watch the video raising the bar on collaboration "technology defines the employee experience. i can’t say enough about what our teams accomplish through the connected collaboration they enjoy with microsoft solutions." - j. trinidad garibay: ceo and cofounder (elite construction + development) watch the video end of surface for business videos section tips to maximize employee productivity help your small business employees get more done—outfit them with the right surface for business device and solutions, including this free ebook that introduces three best practices for productivity. download the e-book stay in the know be the first to hear about special deals, product releases, virtual events, and more from microsoft store. sign up for email alerts frequently asked questions expand all | collapse all what is microsoft store for business? microsoft store for business provides support and technology to help small businesses connect, create, and grow. our wide range of business solutions includes surface for business devices, microsoft 365 for business, and other productivity tools—with options for bulk purchasing, technical support, and device management. what business products does microsoft offer? our products include surface for business devices, microsoft 365 for business, and windows for business. we also provide cloud services and business applications like azure, dynamics 365, power bi, and more. where can i purchase microsoft office for my small business? visit microsoft store and navigate to microsoft 365 for business to explore plans and pricing options. select the plan that suits your business needs, complete your purchase, and set up your subscription to get started. where can i find more information about laptops and pcs for small business? find the information you need at surface for business. explore different models, including surface laptop and surface pro, designed to boost productivity and collaboration. where can i find more information about software for small business? learn about our innovative software solutions for business and find the tools that will take your team to the next level. discover microsoft 365 for business and powerful apps for productivity, connectivity, and security. where can i find more information about backup solutions for small business? onedrive is a powerful cloud storage and backup solution for small businesses and is included with microsoft 365 for business. learn more about onedrive for business and how it can help you access, share, and collaborate on all your files from anywhere. does microsoft allow you to finance surface for business devices? yes, microsoft offers flexible payment options for surface for business laptops, computers, and accessories. visit our business financing options page to learn more. how can technology improve my small business? microsoft technology for small business is designed to support and enhance your business from every angle. visit our small business resource center to find out how our devices, software, and solutions can heighten productivity, connect remote teams, secure what matters most, and help drive growth and profit in a dynamic business landscape. how can i determine the right technology solutions for my small business? our team of business product experts is here to help you identify your company’s specific tech needs. they'll guide you through your best options for devices, software, and services. call to connect one-on-one with our product experts at 1 800-642-7676. business hours are monday to friday from 6:00 am to 6:00 pm pacific time. what are the advantages of using microsoft 365 for small business? microsoft 365 for business includes microsoft teams and office apps to help your team improve cybersecurity, reduce costs, and empower employees to collaborate and stay productive while working from anywhere. learn more about the benefits of microsoft 365 for business, compare plans and pricing, and find the solution that's right for your company. what technology is a must-have for a small business? find must-have business technology solutions with our surface for business essentials bundles. or call to connect one-on-one with our product experts at 1 800-642-7676. monday to friday from 6:00 am to 6:00 pm pacific time to determine the right devices, software, and solutions for your business. why shop at microsoft store for your business consider us your go-to specialists for microsoft products and services. whether you’re a company of three or 300, our product experts can help you find the right microsoft devices, software, and resources to meet your goals and grow your business. learn more free 2-3 day shipping get your order in just a few days with free shipping. no minimum purchase required. see shipping details free 60-day returns return almost any physical product within 60 days in like new condition in its original packaging for a full refund. some exclusions apply.* learn about returns price protection buy now, enjoy price protection for 60 days from your delivery date. if we drop the price of a physical product contact us and we’ll honor a one-time price adjustment. exclusions apply. * learn more warranty and protection plans enhanced protection plans and device service options provide investment protection and extend the use of your surface device. learn about protection plans microsoft business computers and software at microsoft, we take your business needs as seriously as you do. we know that the modern workplace is fast moving, complex, and requires ever more innovative solutions to keep your team in top form. you'll find everything you need to gain that competitive edge right here. microsoft small business software helps you build seamless workflows and maximize your team's efficiency. microsoft business computers, including both laptop and pc options, are built with today's office environment in mind. they're designed to help you collaborate with ease and are powerful enough to take on even the most data-heavy projects. whether you're in the market for innovative apps, sleek tablets, or pc accessories, you'll find the tools you need to conquer your to-do list and dazzle in the boardroom. beyond microsoft small business software, computers, and accessories, you'll find resources designed to support and enhance your business. contact microsoft business solutions to discuss business pricing and receive technical support once your office is up and running. discover small business tips to help you maximize your returns for every stage in a company's life. you can even explore an ever-evolving selection of deals to help you get the most out of your budget on everything from hardware like microsoft business laptops, to software, accessories, and more. in a marketplace filled with interruption and innovation, it's crucial to stay ahead of the curve. microsoft strives to be a business partner that gives the tools you need, when you need them. [1] available only through the microsoft online store in the united states (including puerto rico). offer valid for reimbursements after trade in of qualifying devices (pc, laptop, mobile phone, tablet, video game console). to be eligible for trade in, you must own the qualifying device, device must power on, battery must hold charge and not be required to be plugged in to operate, and be in fully functional, working condition without broken/missing components, cracked display/housing, liquid damage, modification(s) or have device warranty seal broken. device cannot be password protected, and must include original chargers/accessories, and must contain hard drive. customer must mail in the qualifying trade-in device to be eligible for the reimbursements. all trade-ins are final. cannot be transferred or otherwise redeemed for cash or gift cards, or credit towards other devices or products. may not be combined with other offers. price discount does not include taxes, shipping, or other fees. void where prohibited or restricted by law. microsoft reserves the right to modify or discontinue offers at any time. other exclusions and limits may apply. **battery life varies significantly based on usage, network and feature configuration, signal strength, settings and other factors. see surface battery performance for details *price protection terms and conditions: microsoft store price adjustment: valid on purchases of qualifying physical consumer and commercial physical products made at microsoft store and microsoft experience centers in select markets for 60 days from the date product is received. eligible retailer price adjustment: valid on purchases of consumer physical products from microsoft store and microsoft experience centers in select markets for 60 days from the date product is received. an eligible retailer price adjustment cannot be requested at time of purchase. microsoft reserves the right to verify an eligible retailer’s advertised price and availability of the product. the product sold by the eligible retailer must be identical to the product sold by microsoft and must be in stock for purchase at the eligible retailer at the reduced price. exclusions apply. both price adjustments: customer is eligible only if the product is in stock for purchase at microsoft store or a microsoft experience center. customer must contact microsoft to request the adjustment. for purchases from microsoft store, contact microsoft store sales and support with your microsoft account information and any other information requested by a representative. for purchases from a microsoft experience center, you must return to the location with your receipt. limit 1 price adjustment total per product. excludes surface hub, hololens, and windows devkit. see microsoft store price protection for full terms and full list of eligible retailers. returns terms and conditions: available with eligible physical products purchased from microsoft store online and microsoft experience centers in select markets. return process must be started within 60 days after customer receives the product. limit 5 product returns per eligible customer purchase. excludes surface hub, hololens, and windows devkit. applicable return policy applies. for purchases made at microsoft store, see applicable microsoft terms of sale for more information. for purchases made at a microsoft experience center, see receipt for more information. microsoft reserves the right to modify or discontinue offers at any time. back to top what's new surface pro surface laptop surface laptop studio 2 surface laptop go 3 microsoft copilot ai in windows explore microsoft products windows 11 apps microsoft store account profile download center microsoft store support returns order tracking certified refurbished microsoft store promise flexible payments education microsoft in education devices for education microsoft teams for education microsoft 365 education how to buy for your school educator training and development deals for students and parents ai for education business microsoft cloud microsoft security dynamics 365 microsoft 365 microsoft power platform microsoft teams microsoft 365 copilot small business developer & it azure microsoft developer microsoft learn support for ai marketplace apps microsoft tech community azure marketplace appsource visual studio company careers about microsoft company news privacy at microsoft investors diversity and inclusion accessibility sustainability english (united states) your privacy choices opt-out icon your privacy choices your privacy choices opt-out icon your privacy choices consumer health privacy sitemap contact microsoft privacy manage cookies terms of use terms of sale trademarks safety & eco recycling about our ads © microsoft 2025