来源URL: https://web.archive.org/web/20250407041512/https://www.microsoft.com/en-us/store/b/why-microsoft-store?icid=footer_why-msft-store_7102020
================================================================================

microsoft store support & return policy for surface, xbox & more trace id is missing translate to english you are shopping microsoft store in: {0} are you looking for microsoft store in: {0}? stay in {0} go to {0} sign me up thank you! stay informed about special deals, the latest products, events and more from microsoft store. email address (required) location (required) argentina australia austria belgium brazil canada chile colombia czech republic denmark finland france germany hungary india ireland israel italy japan luxembourg mexico netherlands new zealand norway poland portugal singapore south africa south korea spain sweden turkey switzerland united kingdom united states i would like information, tips, and offers about microsoft store and other microsoft products and services. privacy statement . by clicking sign up, i agree that i would like to hear from microsoft and its family of companies about microsoft store and other microsoft products and services. to withdraw consent or manage your contact preferences, visit the promotional communications manager. privacy statement . sign up you’re now signed up to receive microsoft store emails. thank you! skip to main content microsoft microsoft 365 teams copilot windows surface xbox deals small business support more all microsoft global microsoft 365 teams copilot windows surface xbox deals small business support software software windows apps ai outlook onedrive microsoft teams onenote microsoft edge skype pcs & devices pcs & devices computers shop xbox accessories vr & mixed reality certified refurbished trade-in for cash entertainment entertainment xbox game pass ultimate pc game pass xbox games pc and windows games movies & tv business business microsoft cloud microsoft security dynamics 365 microsoft 365 for business microsoft power platform windows 365 microsoft industry small business developer & it developer & it azure microsoft developer microsoft learn explore isv success microsoft tech community azure marketplace appsource visual studio other other microsoft rewards free downloads & security education gift cards licensing unlocked stories view sitemap search search microsoft.com no results cancel 0 cart 0 items in shopping cart sign in slide %{start} of %{total}. %{slidetitle} trade in and you could get​ cash back. learn more > why buy from microsoft store for personal and family for business previous next benefits you can count on free shipping on every purchase, no catch 2-3 day shipping at no cost, no minimum amount. learn more love it, or return it 60-day free returns on physical products when you shop with microsoft. learn more find a better price? if we drop the price of a physical product or you find it lower at an eligible retailer within 60 days, we'll give you a one-time price match. learn more get it now, pay later flexible payment options help you pay how you want, at microsoft store.﻿﻿﻿﻿﻿﻿﻿﻿﻿﻿﻿﻿ learn more get the help you want, when you want customer service support is available by phone and chat, on web or your phone. you can also self-serve with a variety of topics in our support hub.​ find the answers you need complete coverage, without compromise protect your device against accidents for up to 4 years. shop smarter with microsoft complete and get technical support, as well.​ learn more cash out when you trade in when you trade in an eligible device, you get cash back and your device is recycled. learn more discounts: supplies limited. actual savings depends on product availability. flexible payments: with approval of citizens pay line of credit at 0% apr and 12- or 18-month term. subject to individual credit approval. see the citizens pay line of credit agreement for full terms and conditions. citizens pay line of credit account offered by citizens bank, n.a.​ price protection: microsoft store price adjustment: valid on purchases of qualifying new or refurbished consumer and commercial physical products made at microsoft store and microsoft experience centers in select markets for 60 days from the date product is received. eligible retailer price adjustment: valid on purchases of qualifying new consumer physical products from microsoft store and microsoft experience centers in select markets for 60 days from the date product is received. excludes commercial and refurbished products. an eligible retailer price adjustment cannot be requested at time of purchase. microsoft reserves the right to verify an eligible retailer’s advertised price and availability of the product. the product sold by the eligible retailer must be identical to the product sold by microsoft and must be in stock for purchase at the eligible retailer at the reduced price. exclusions apply. both price adjustments: price adjustment must be requested within 60 days after the customer receives the product and cannot be completed at time of purchase. customer is eligible only if the product is in stock for purchase at microsoft store or a microsoft experience center. customer must contact microsoft to request the adjustment. for purchases from microsoft store, contact microsoft store sales and support with your microsoft account information and any other information requested by a representative. for purchases from a microsoft experience center, you must return to the location with your receipt. limit 1 price adjustment total per product. excludes surface hub, hololens, and windows devkit. see microsoft store price protection for full terms and full list of eligible retailers ​returns: available with eligible physical products purchased from microsoft store online and microsoft experience centers in select markets. return process must be started within 60 days after customer receives the product. limit 5 product returns per eligible customer purchase. excludes surface hub, hololens, and windows devkit. applicable return policy applies. for purchases made at microsoft store, see applicable microsoft terms of sale for more information. for purchases made at a microsoft experience center, see receipt for more information. microsoft reserves the right to modify or discontinue offers at any time.​ ​trade-in: available only through the microsoft store online in the united states (including puerto rico). offer valid for reimbursements after trade in of qualifying devices (pc, laptop, mobile phone, tablet, video game console). recycled devices are not eligible for cash back. to be eligible for trade in, you must own the qualifying device, device must power on, battery must hold charge and not be required to be plugged in to operate, and be in fully functional, working condition without broken/missing components, cracked display/housing, liquid damage, modification(s) or have device warranty seal broken. device cannot be password protected, and must include original chargers/accessories, and must contain hard drive. customer must mail in the qualifying trade-in device to be eligible for the reimbursements. all trade-ins are final. cannot be transferred or otherwise redeemed for cash or gift cards, or credit towards other devices or products. may not be combined with other offers. microsoft reserves the right to modify or discontinue offers at any time. other exclusions and limits may apply.​ ​microsoft reserves the right to modify or discontinue offers at any time. warranties, extended service plans, and terms & conditions for your device microsoft complete for surface: for covered defects and/or accidental damage, maximum of two (2) claims. each claim is subject to a $49 deductible. microsoft complete for xbox: for mechanical breakdowns and/or accidental damage claims, maximum of: one (1) xbox console replacement; two (2) xbox one standard controller replacements or one (1) xbox elite controller replacement (whichever is applicable to your purchase); and one (1) associated power supply unit with attaching cords replacement, when such are originally supplied by microsoft within a single, all-in-one packaged purchase. microsoft complete for type cover and microsoft complete for xbox elite controller: for covered defects and/or accidental damage, maximum of one (1) claims. offer valid from 12:00 am pst on april 4, 2025 to 11:59 pm pst on june 30, 2025, for the first 10,000 customers to place an order of $100 or more in physical products at microsoft store online in the united states, canada, germany, france, japan, australia or the united kingdom. customer must be signed into their microsoft account at time of purchase to qualify.  customer will see a notification in their rewards dashboard approximately 65 days after purchase date with a message to claim their rewards points. customer must click through and claim the 50,000 rewards points within 30 days of notification for the points to appear in their account. microsoft store returns policy applies. if the qualifying purchase is returned, customer is not eligible for the offer. unredeemed rewards points associated with your rewards account expire if you do not earn or redeem any points in your rewards account for 18 consecutive months. microsoft rewards points are subject to the microsoft services agreement. not valid on prior orders or purchases; cannot be transferred or otherwise redeemed for cash or promo code(s). may not be combinable with other offers. microsoft reserves the right to modify or discontinue offers at any time to the extent permitted by applicable law. limit of 1 offer per customer. points may be redeemed for xbox gift cards. spend within 90 days of deposit. works with microsoft store online, windows 10, xbox one and xbox 360 (xbox live required). does not work at physical microsoft stores. once redeemed to your u.s. microsoft account, the full code value will be applied and may be used for eligible purchases (exclusions apply) made directly at select microsoft store online. eligible purchases and prices vary by region, device, and over time. geography limitations, country and balance restrictions, taxes, and internet connection fees may apply. paid subscriptions required for some content. age restrictions apply. except as required by law, credit cannot be redeemed or exchanged for cash and is not refundable. to read full terms and conditions (which may change without notice), go to microsoft gift cards terms and conditions. void where prohibited or restricted by law. cards and codes issued by and ©/™/® microsoft corp, a washington corporation, and/or its affiliates. why shop at microsoft store for your business consider us your go-to specialists for microsoft products and services. whether you’re a company of three or 300, our product experts can help you find the right microsoft devices, software, and resources to meet your goals and grow your business. learn more free 2-3 day shipping get your order in just a few days with free shipping. no minimum purchase required. see shipping details free 60-day returns return almost any physical product within 60 days in like new condition in its original packaging for a full refund. some exclusions apply.* learn about returns price protection buy now, enjoy price protection for 60 days from your delivery date. if we drop the price of a physical product contact us and we’ll honor a one-time price adjustment. exclusions apply. * learn more warranty and protection plans enhanced protection plans and device service options provide investment protection and extend the use of your surface device. learn about protection plans 60-day price protection if you buy a physical product from microsoft store and we lower the price within 60 days, contact us and we’ll refund you the difference. terms apply. learn about price protection solutions for your small business find everything you need to grow your company, from next-gen tech with ai features to industry-leading software and support services. explore small business solutions available with eligible physical products purchased from microsoft store online and microsoft experience centres in select markets. return process must be started within 60 days after customer receives the product. limit 5 product returns per eligible customer purchase. excludes surface hub, hololens, and windows devkit. applicable return policy applies. for purchases made at microsoft store, see applicable microsoft terms of sale for more information. for purchases made at a microsoft experience centre, see receipt for more information. microsoft reserves the right to modify or discontinue offers at any time. valid on purchases of physical products made at microsoft store online with a valid microsoft account and at microsoft experience centers in select markets for 60 days from the date the customer receives the product (“offer period”). excludes surface hub, hololens, and windows devkit. customer is eligible only if price of the purchased product is reduced during the offer period and in stock. for purchases from microsoft store, contact microsoft store sales and support with your microsoft account information and any other information requested by a representative. for purchases from a microsoft experience center, customer must return to the location with receipt. price adjustment will be provided in same manner as purchase method. limit 1 price adjustment per product. price adjustments apply only to purchase price and do not include taxes, shipping or other fees. microsoft reserves the right to modify or discontinue offers at any time. valid on purchases of physical products made at microsoft store online with a valid microsoft account and at microsoft experience centres in select markets for 60 days from the date the customer receives the product (“offer period”). excludes surface hub, hololens, and windows devkit. customer is eligible only if price of the purchased product is reduced during the offer period and in stock. for purchases from microsoft store, contact microsoft store sales and support with your microsoft account information and any other information requested by a representative. for purchases from a microsoft experience centre, customer must return to the location with receipt. price adjustment will be provided in same manner as purchase method. limit 1 price adjustment per product. price adjustments apply only to purchase price and do not include taxes, shipping or other fees. microsoft reserves the right to modify or discontinue offers at any time. without prejudice to any legal (statutory) rights to which you may be entitled under your local law, this warranty lasts for one year from the date of original purchase from microsoft or an authorized retailer or reseller. *price protection terms and conditions: microsoft store price adjustment: valid on purchases of qualifying physical consumer and commercial physical products made at microsoft store and microsoft experience centers in select markets for 60 days from the date product is received. eligible retailer price adjustment: valid on purchases of consumer physical products from microsoft store and microsoft experience centers in select markets for 60 days from the date product is received. an eligible retailer price adjustment cannot be requested at time of purchase. microsoft reserves the right to verify an eligible retailer’s advertised price and availability of the product. the product sold by the eligible retailer must be identical to the product sold by microsoft and must be in stock for purchase at the eligible retailer at the reduced price. exclusions apply. both price adjustments: customer is eligible only if the product is in stock for purchase at microsoft store or a microsoft experience center. customer must contact microsoft to request the adjustment. for purchases from microsoft store, contact microsoft store sales and support with your microsoft account information and any other information requested by a representative. for purchases from a microsoft experience center, you must return to the location with your receipt. limit 1 price adjustment total per product. excludes surface hub, hololens, and windows devkit. see microsoft store price protection for full terms and full list of eligible retailers. returns terms and conditions: available with eligible physical products purchased from microsoft store online and microsoft experience centers in select markets. return process must be started within 60 days after customer receives the product. limit 5 product returns per eligible customer purchase. excludes surface hub, hololens, and windows devkit. applicable return policy applies. for purchases made at microsoft store, see applicable microsoft terms of sale for more information. for purchases made at a microsoft experience center, see receipt for more information. microsoft reserves the right to modify or discontinue offers at any time. back to tabs back to top what's new surface pro surface laptop surface laptop studio 2 surface laptop go 3 microsoft copilot ai in windows explore microsoft products windows 11 apps microsoft store account profile download center microsoft store support returns order tracking certified refurbished microsoft store promise flexible payments education microsoft in education devices for education microsoft teams for education microsoft 365 education how to buy for your school educator training and development deals for students and parents azure for students business microsoft cloud microsoft security dynamics 365 microsoft 365 microsoft power platform microsoft teams microsoft 365 copilot small business developer & it azure microsoft developer microsoft learn explore isv success microsoft tech community azure marketplace appsource visual studio company careers about microsoft company news privacy at microsoft investors diversity and inclusion accessibility sustainability english (united states) your privacy choices opt-out icon your privacy choices your privacy choices opt-out icon your privacy choices consumer health privacy sitemap contact microsoft privacy manage cookies terms of use terms of sale trademarks safety & eco recycling about our ads © microsoft 2025