来源URL: https://web.archive.org/web/20250520003800/https://www.microsoft.com/en-us/microsoft-365/buy/compare-all-microsoft-365-products?icid=mscom_marcom_H2a_Microsoft365AI
================================================================================

compare all microsoft 365 plans (formerly office 365) - microsoft store trace id is missing skip to main content microsoft microsoft 365 microsoft 365 microsoft 365 home products for home for home pricing for home for families for individuals for students see all home for business for business pricing for business for small business for schools for enterprise for enterprise pricing for enterprise for enterprise for frontline workers apps and services apps and services microsoft 365 copilot excel microsoft teams word onedrive outlook powerpoint planner sharepoint see all apps and services more more microsoft office windows 365 microsoft viva microsoft authenticator microsoft edge for nonprofits what’s new what’s new microsoft 365 copilot chat microsoft places microsoft designer plans and pricing resources start your copilot journey copilot for work learn to use copilot cost savings accounts and billing faq setup and install templates training what's new small business resource center support for personal and family for personal and family self-help resources billing support community contact microsoft support for work for work self-help resources admin self-help support plans find a partner contact sales community for education for education self-help resources educator center request support contact microsoft support community for partners for partners become a partner partner resources see all support try for free more all microsoft global microsoft 365 teams copilot windows surface xbox deals small business support software software windows apps ai outlook onedrive microsoft teams onenote microsoft edge skype pcs & devices pcs & devices computers shop xbox accessories vr & mixed reality certified refurbished trade-in for cash entertainment entertainment xbox game pass ultimate pc game pass xbox games pc games movies & tv business business microsoft cloud microsoft security dynamics 365 microsoft 365 for business microsoft power platform windows 365 microsoft industry small business developer & it developer & it azure microsoft developer microsoft learn support for ai marketplace apps microsoft tech community azure marketplace appsource visual studio other other microsoft rewards free downloads & security education gift cards licensing unlocked stories view sitemap search search microsoft 365 no results cancel sign in get 3 months free of microsoft 365 personal with copilot for qualified higher education students. learn more achieve the extraordinary with microsoft 365, get spacious cloud storage, advanced security for your data and devices, and powerful productivity and creativity apps with ai,1 all in one plan. buy now for home for business paid yearly paid monthly save $25.89 with a yearly plan microsoft 365 family $12.99/month $129.99/year for one to six people sign in to five devices at once use on pcs, macs, phones, and tablets up to 6 tb of secure cloud storage (1 tb per person) productivity apps with microsoft copilot1 identity,2 data, and device security ad-free secure email buy now buy now or buy at $129.99/year or buy at $12.99/month try free for 1 month save $19.89 with a yearly plan microsoft 365 personal $9.99/month $99.99/year for one person sign in to five devices at once use on pcs, macs, phones, and tablets 1 tb of secure cloud storage productivity apps with microsoft copilot1 identity,2 data, and device security ad-free secure email buy now buy now or buy at $99.99/year or buy at $9.99/month subscription continues to be charged unless cancelled in microsoft account. already have a subscription? renew now explore even more benefits of microsoft 365 simplify your online security keep you and your family safer online with continuous monitoring for threats, real-time alerts, tips, and expert guidance from microsoft defender. powerful productivity apps with ai use word, excel, and powerpoint to collaborate in real time or work offline, now with microsoft copilot.1 trusted storage for priceless memories quickly save, share, and edit your photos and files with onedrive and microsoft 365. make the most of your day with outlook as command central, you can spend less time organizing your life and more time enjoying it. all your ideas in one place capture inspiration in text, audio, photos, and videos to create your next big idea with onenote. tell your story, your way easily turn captured memories into beautiful videos with clipchamp and microsoft 365. compare microsoft 365 with office best value for 2 to 6 people microsoft 365 family subscription $129.99/year buy now or buy at $12.99/month try free for 1 month microsoft 365 personal subscription $99.99/year buy now or buy at $9.99/month office home 2024 one-time purchase for pc or mac $149.99 buy now microsoft 365 family buy now for $129.99/year try free for 1 month microsoft 365 personal buy now for $99.99/year office home 2024 buy now for $149.99 microsoft 365 family microsoft 365 personal office home 2024 microsoft 365 family microsoft 365 personal office home 2024 number of users number of users 1 to 6 people number of users 1 person number of users 1 pc or mac number of accounts number of accounts 1 to 6 number of accounts 1 number of accounts 1 pc or mac cloud storage cloud storage up to 6 tb (1 tb per person) cloud storage 1 tb cloud storage multiple devices and platforms multiple devices and platforms included multiple devices and platforms included multiple devices and platforms word word included word included word included excel excel included excel included excel included powerpoint powerpoint included powerpoint included powerpoint included onenote onenote included onenote included onenote included outlook outlook included outlook included outlook ongoing technical support ongoing technical support included ongoing technical support included ongoing technical support microsoft defender microsoft defender included microsoft defender included microsoft defender microsoft editor microsoft editor included microsoft editor included microsoft editor clipchamp clipchamp included clipchamp included clipchamp microsoft teams microsoft teams included microsoft teams included microsoft teams access (pc only) access (pc only) included access (pc only) included access (pc only) microsoft forms microsoft forms included microsoft forms included microsoft forms &nbsp; learn more &nbsp; learn more &nbsp; learn more save with an annual subscription switch to an annual subscription and enjoy the full power of microsoft 365 for less than paying monthly. pay annually continue with monthly plan save with an annual subscription switch to an annual subscription and enjoy the full power of microsoft 365 for less than paying monthly. pay annually continue with monthly plan save with an annual subscription switch to an annual subscription and enjoy the full power of microsoft 365 for less than paying monthly. pay annually continue with monthly plan save with an annual subscription switch to an annual subscription and enjoy the full power of microsoft 365 for less than paying monthly. pay annually continue with monthly plan save with an annual subscription switch to an annual subscription and enjoy the full power of microsoft 365 for less than paying monthly. pay annually continue with monthly plan save with an annual subscription switch to an annual subscription and enjoy the full power of microsoft 365 for less than paying monthly. pay annually continue with monthly plan office home & business 2024 one-time purchase for 1 pc or mac classic 2024 desktop versions of word, excel, powerpoint, outlook, and onenote access to support resources buy now learn more frequently asked questions expand all | collapse all what’s the difference between office 2024 (one-time purchase) and microsoft 365 (subscription)? office 2024 is sold as a one-time purchase, which means you pay a single, up-front cost to get office apps for one computer. one-time purchases are available for both pcs and macs. however, there are no upgrade options, which means if you plan to upgrade to the next major release, you'll have to buy it at full price. microsoft 365 personal and microsoft 365 family are subscriptions that include powerful productivity apps and creativity tools with ai-powered features. in addition to premium desktop versions of popular microsoft 365 apps like word, powerpoint, excel, and outlook, you also get spacious cloud storage and cloud-connected features that let you collaborate on files in real time. with a subscription, you'll always have the latest features, fixes, and security updates along with ongoing tech support at no extra cost. you can choose to pay for your subscription on a monthly or yearly basis, and use your apps on multiple pcs, macs, tablets, and phones. additionally, the microsoft 365 family plan lets you share your subscription with up to five more people. everyone gets their own apps and storage. (ai features only available to subscription owner and cannot be shared; ai usage limits apply; minimum age limits may apply to subscription activation and use of ai features. learn more.) how do i know if my pc or mac can run microsoft 365? microsoft 365 is compatible with pc, mac, android, and ios. see system requirements for compatible versions of your devices, and for other feature requirements. will microsoft 365 be identical on a pc and on a mac? no. microsoft 365’s applications are tailored for each platform and each operating system. the applications available for mac users and the specific features included may be different from those available for pc users. with microsoft 365, you can be flexible. with your account, you are not limited to exclusively mac or exclusively pc, so you can transition across devices. do i keep control of my documents with a microsoft 365 subscription? yes. documents that you have created belong fully to you. you can choose to store them online on onedrive or locally on your pc or mac. is internet access required for microsoft 365? internet access is required to install and activate all the latest releases of apps and services included in all microsoft 365 subscription plans. note that if you are an existing subscriber, you do not need to reinstall or purchase another subscription. for microsoft 365 plans, internet access is also needed to manage your subscription account, for example to install office apps on other pcs or to change billing options. internet access is also required to access documents stored on onedrive, unless you install the onedrive desktop app. you should also connect to the internet regularly to keep your version of microsoft 365 up to date and to benefit from automatic upgrades. if you do not connect to the internet at least every 31 days, your apps will go into reduced functionality mode, which means that you can view or print your documents but cannot edit the documents or create new ones. to reactivate your apps, simply reconnect to the internet. you do not need to be connected to the internet to use the office apps, such as word, excel, and powerpoint, because the apps are fully installed on your computer. what is a microsoft account and why do i need it for microsoft 365? your microsoft account is the combination of an email address and password that you use to sign in to services like onedrive, xbox live, and outlook.com. if you use any of these services, you already have a microsoft account that you can use or you can create a new account. learn more about a microsoft account. as part of signing up for a trial or purchasing microsoft 365, you will be prompted to sign in with a microsoft account. you must be signed in with this account to install and manage your microsoft 365 subscription, or to use some subscription benefits, including cloud storage. how many people can use a microsoft 365 subscription? you can share microsoft 365 family with five other people, for a total of six users. microsoft 365 personal can be used by one person. how do i share my subscription benefits with members of my family? if you have an active microsoft 365 family subscription, you can share it with up to five other people. each person you share your subscription with can install microsoft 365 on all their devices and sign in to five devices at the same time. to add someone to your subscription, sign in to your microsoft account and follow the on-screen instructions to add a user. each person you add will receive an email with the steps they need to follow. once they have accepted and completed the steps, their information, including the installs they are using, will appear on their my account page. you can stop sharing your subscription with someone or remove a device they are using by logging into your microsoft account. if i’m not paying for a subscription, what do i get for free? visit learn more about free apps. what is microsoft defender? microsoft defender is a cross-device security app that helps individuals and families protect their data and devices by continuously scanning the web for threats to your identity and personal data (us only). defender also helps you stay safer online with malware protection, real-time security notifications, and security tips. download the microsoft defender app. what is the difference between microsoft defender and windows security? microsoft defender is a new cross-device app that helps people and families stay safer online. microsoft defender adds new features and a simplified, user interface. microsoft defender also brings valuable device protection to ios, android, windows, and mac, with malware protection, web protection, real-time security notifications, and security tips. microsoft defender is available in the apple, google, and microsoft app stores and requires a microsoft 365 personal or family subscription to use. windows security, formerly known as windows defender security center, is built-in security on windows pcs to protect your device and data. windows security is pre-installed and automatically enabled. windows security includes microsoft defender antivirus software that protects your windows device and data against viruses, ransomware, trojans, and other malware unless non-microsoft antivirus software is active. what is clipchamp? a free in-browser video editing platform designed to make video creation accessible for everyone. can i share my ai benefits with others? ai features included in microsoft 365 family plans are only available to the subscription owner and cannot be shared with others. what do i do if i purchase a personal or family microsoft 365 subscription but i'm not seeing the copilot icon in the apps? to use copilot in word, excel, powerpoint, onenote, and outlook, make sure you have the latest version of microsoft 365 installed. if you're signed in, have the latest updates installed, and still don't see copilot, please restart your microsoft 365 apps. learn more about why i am not seeing copilot in my apps. which languages does microsoft 365 support? microsoft 365 supports arabic, chinese simplified, chinese traditional, czech, danish, dutch, english, finnish, french, german, hebrew, hungarian, italian, japanese, korean, norwegian, polish, portuguese, russian, spanish, swedish, thai, and turkish. some designer features, like inline editing capabilities are available only in english. we plan to add more languages soon. you can also learn more about copilot supported languages here: copilot for microsoft 365 supported languages - microsoft support. where can i learn more about copilot? visit our copilot help & learning site to start using copilot today. what is microsoft designer? microsoft designer is a graphic design and image editing app powered by ai. create eye-catching images with your words, craft next-level designs that pop, and even edit photos like an expert. designer is integrated across your favorite microsoft apps like word and powerpoint to help you create when and where you need it. where can i use features of microsoft designer today? beyond the microsoft designer web and mobile app, certain designer features are integrated across some of your favorite microsoft apps like word and powerpoint, helping spark creativity where and when you need it. for windows users, designer is also integrated into microsoft photos. what are the usage limits? usage limits apply to ai-powered features, including copilot and designer. your microsoft 365 personal or family subscription unlocks ai credits to experience and engage with copilot across microsoft 365 apps and beyond. learn more about credits. which microsoft 365 plan is best for a small business? microsoft 365 business basic, business standard, and business premium are tailored for businesses, offering professional email with a custom domain, admin controls for managing access and devices, and scalability to add additional users as your business grows. they include advanced security features like exchange online protection to guard against phishing and malware, with business premium adding microsoft defender for business for ransomware protection and advanced threat management. plus, you can access professional collaboration tools like microsoft teams with meeting recordings, transcription, and team workspaces, while business apps such as microsoft bookings can simplify meeting and appointment scheduling. additionally, microsoft 365 copilot, an ai-powered assistant for work, is available as an add-on to boost productivity and creativity. explore plans to find the right one for your business. app availability varies by device/language. features vary by platform. minimum age limits may apply to use of ai features. details. features and app availability may vary by region. [1] ai features only available to subscription owner and cannot be shared; ai usage limits apply; minimum age limits may apply to subscription activation and use of ai features. learn more. [2] identity theft monitoring is only available in the united states and us territories. follow microsoft 365 back to top what's new surface pro surface laptop surface laptop studio 2 surface laptop go 3 microsoft copilot ai in windows explore microsoft products windows 11 apps microsoft store account profile download center microsoft store support returns order tracking certified refurbished microsoft store promise flexible payments education microsoft in education devices for education microsoft teams for education microsoft 365 education how to buy for your school educator training and development deals for students and parents ai for education business microsoft cloud microsoft security dynamics 365 microsoft 365 microsoft power platform microsoft teams microsoft 365 copilot small business developer & it azure microsoft developer microsoft learn support for ai marketplace apps microsoft tech community azure marketplace appsource visual studio company careers about microsoft company news privacy at microsoft investors diversity and inclusion accessibility sustainability english (united states) your privacy choices opt-out icon your privacy choices your privacy choices opt-out icon your privacy choices consumer health privacy sitemap contact microsoft privacy manage cookies terms of use trademarks safety & eco recycling about our ads © microsoft 2025