来源URL: https://web.archive.org/web/20250520003800/https://www.microsoft.com/en-us/microsoft-cloud
================================================================================

integrated cloud platform for cloud solutions | microsoft cloud trace id is missing skip to main content microsoft the microsoft cloud the microsoft cloud the microsoft cloud home what is the microsoft cloud solutions by use case by use case business solutions hub collaboration customer experience data & analytics governance industry infrastructure modernization operations security tech & development by job function by job function commerce contact center data & analytics finance frontline workers sales & marketing security service supply chain by industry by industry energy financial services government healthcare manufacturing media & entertainment mobility nonprofit retail sustainability telecommunications see all industries products artificial intelligence azure copilot dynamics 365 fabric github industry clouds microsoft 365 power platform security sustainability visual studio resources learn learn documentation secure future initiative microsoft trust center training connect connect community blogs events find a partner become a partner more all microsoft global microsoft security azure dynamics 365 microsoft 365 microsoft teams windows 365 tech & innovation tech & innovation microsoft cloud ai azure space mixed reality microsoft hololens microsoft viva quantum computing sustainability industries industries education automotive financial services government healthcare manufacturing retail all industries partners partners find a partner become a partner partner network azure marketplace appsource resources resources blog microsoft advertising developer center documentation events licensing microsoft learn microsoft research view sitemap achieve more with the microsoft cloud discover how ai and the microsoft cloud can help you meet the challenges of a changing world. watch the video ai-powered assistant have a question about microsoft cloud? try the ai-powered assistant. how can the microsoft cloud help my business? how do i get started with the microsoft cloud? why the microsoft cloud? why the microsoft cloud? overview impact solutions industry recognition customer stories resources why the microsoft cloud? empower your organization to thrive amplify human ingenuity spark creativity, boost productivity, and deliver meaningful outcomes with tech that works alongside you in the apps you use every day. deliver best-in-class experiences transform how you work with the help of solutions that use the same stack and ai services that microsoft uses to create copilots. safeguard your business and data innovate confidently with a trusted cloud partner leading the way in responsible ai. overview the most trusted and comprehensive cloud move faster, work smarter, and build with confidence. the microsoft cloud connects ai-powered solutions, world-class security, and seamless scalability—so your organization can lead in a digital-first world. trusted and comprehensive industry security infrastructure digital and app innovation data and ai business applications modern work previous next trusted and comprehensive build on a foundation of trust. microsoft cloud provides enterprise-grade security, seamless integrations, and ai-driven intelligence—giving you the power to create, scale, and innovate faster. learn more industry lead your industry with ai and cloud innovation. microsoft cloud delivers tailored solutions for healthcare, retail, manufacturing, and more—helping you streamline operations and deliver breakthrough customer experiences. learn more security proactive security, built for ai-powered businesses. microsoft cloud helps you detect threats before they happen, secure identities, and ensure compliance—so your data stays safe, everywhere. microsoft defender microsoft sentinel microsoft entra microsoft purview microsoft priva microsoft intune infrastructure modern infrastructure, optimized for performance and scale. microsoft cloud powers the world’s most demanding workloads with enterprise-grade reliability, seamless hybrid cloud flexibility, and cost-effective scalability. windows virtual machines sql server on azure linux on azure sap on azure azure vmware solution azure virtual desktop azure arc digital and app innovation build faster, smarter, and at scale. microsoft cloud accelerates development with ai-powered tools, cloud-native platforms, and seamless devops integration. visual studio github azure app service azure container apps azure kubernetes service power apps data and ai turn your data into your most valuable asset with the microsoft intelligent data platform, a comprehensive cloud platform that   delivers ai-powered insights, enterprise analytics, and end-to-end data security—so you can make smarter decisions, faster. microsoft ai azure sql azure cosmos db azure synapse analytics power bi microsoft purview azure ai business applications unify your business with ai-powered applications. microsoft cloud connects people, insights, and processes across every function—so you can automate workflows, personalize customer experiences, and scale operations effortlessly. microsoft dynamics 365 microsoft power platform modern work work smarter, collaborate seamlessly, and stay protected—anywhere. microsoft cloud redefines modern work with ai-powered tools like microsoft 365, teams, and copilot, helping teams create, share, and connect effortlessly. microsoft 365 microsoft teams windows 11 windows 365 microsoft viva back to tabs impact ai is transforming business organizations are planning for the future and investing in ai for their employees, customers, and operations. see ai solutions 76% of knowledge workers use ai at work.1 65% of fortune 500 companies are already using azure openai service2 $3.7x return on investment for every $1 invested in ai3 solutions solve your most pressing challenges featured copilot industry previous next find your cloud solution explore now to find the right solution for your unique business goals. browse all solutions microsoft 365 copilot for sales boost productivity with an ai assistant designed for sellers. learn more microsoft security copilot enhance your security team’s effectiveness with generative ai. learn more microsoft ai solutions amplify human ingenuity and deliver transformational experiences. learn more cloud endpoints empower flexible work and provide secure access to computing resources. learn more sustainability record, report, and reduce your environmental impact with microsoft cloud for sustainability. learn more microsoft 365 copilot for service enhance service experiences and boost agent productivity with generative ai. learn more microsoft copilot build the future faster with copilot learn more microsoft 365 copilot for sales boost productivity with an ai assistant designed for sellers. learn more microsoft security copilot enhance your security team’s effectiveness with generative ai. learn more microsoft 365 copilot for service elevate service experiences and optimize agent productivity with generative ai. learn more microsoft 365 copilot accelerate creativity and productivity with ai that works alongside you. learn more microsoft copilot studio build your own copilot or extend microsoft 365 copilot with an end-to-end conversational design studio. learn more github copilot get ai-generated code suggestions in dozens of languages—in real-time, right in your code editor. learn more industry build resilience, drive innovation, and improve time-to-value with industry solutions. learn more financial services build the financial services organization of the future. learn more healthcare improve the entire healthcare experience with trusted cloud technology. learn more manufacturing transform your manufacturing organization. learn more nonprofit advance your nonprofit's mission with a trusted cloud platform. learn more retail connect retail customers, employees, and data to drive growth. learn more sustainability record, report, and reduce your environmental impact with microsoft cloud for sustainability. learn more back to tabs industry recognition see why microsoft is a recognized leader industry analysts consistently name microsoft a leader across multiple cloud categories. previous slide next slide gartner for the second year in a row, microsoft is named a leader in the 2024 gartner® magic quadrant™ for desktop as a service read the blog gartner microsoft is named a leader in the 2024 gartner® magic quadrant™ for distributed hybrid infrastructure for the second year in a row read the blog gartner microsoft is named a leader in the 2024 gartner® magic quadrant™ for cloud application platform read the blog gartner microsoft is named a leader in the 2024 gartner® magic quadrant™ for cloud erp for service-centric and product-centric enterprises read the blog gartner microsoft is named a leader in the 2024 gartner® magic quadrant™ for the crm customer engagement center read the blog gartner microsoft is a leader in the 2024 gartner® magic quadrant™ for data science and machine learning platforms read the blog gartner for the fifth year in a row, microsoft is named a leader in the 2024 gartner® magic quadrant™ for cloud ai developer services read the blog gartner microsoft is again named a leader in the 2024 gartner® magic quadrant™ for security information and event management read the blog gartner microsoft named a leader in the 2024 gartner® magic quadrant™ for analytics and bi platforms read the blog forrester microsoft is named a leader in the forrester wave for xdr read the blog forrester microsoft is a leader in the forrester wave™: customer service solutions, q1 2024 read the blog forrester microsoft recognized as a leader in the forrester wave™: workforce identity platform, q1 2024 read the blog back to previous and next controls customer stories see how customers are innovating previous slide next slide "we know that with the support of microsoft and its focus on ai, we can continue to push the boundaries of what’s possible." daniel gruner, head of business data enablement products azure data factory microsoft fabric azure synapse analytics read the story “i’d say cost savings are in at least the $300,000 to $500,000 a year range.” tammy koehler, chief financial officer dynamics 365 business central microsoft 365 microsoft teams read the story "microsoft has deep expertise and experience that really helps us unlock the value of our data ….“ scott erdmann, senior director, corporate partnerships products microsoft power bi microsoft cloud for sustainability read the story “when you look at the total cost … we were able to reduce our costs by about 30% on average by moving workloads to azure." michelle randolph, assistant vice president, public cloud technology 70% decrease in on-premises servers 30% reduction in it costs products azure devops microsoft 365 read the story “our teams have been able to run processes much faster and release time back to the business .... “ sanjay gandhi, global it director – sap technology and cloud transformation 20–30% increase in process speed 350 systems migrated in 18 months products azure sustainability power bi sap on azure read the story back to carousel navigation controls resources explore news, insights, and information recommended e-books blog reports webinars white papers previous next previous slide next slide e-book learn how to develop an effective ai strategy to help your organization achieve its goals. get the e-book blog stay up to date on the latest microsoft cloud news and developments. read the blog webinar start your ai transformation and build a future-ready business with microsoft copilot. watch the webinar e-book find out how businesses are seeing an average $3.70 return on investment for every $1 they invest in generative ai.3 get the e-book blog learn how microsoft is investing and innovating to protect and defend against an ever-evolving cyberthreat landscape. read the blog e-book discover the common scenarios where ai is poised to have the biggest impact—and learn how to bring ai to your organization. get the e-book reports read this wall street journal special report to find out how leaders are driving business value with ai. read the report white papers learn how organizations can overcome challenges and capitalize on opportunities with the help of cloud-based, ai-infused solutions. read the white paper webinars find out how organizations across industries can use ai and cloud services to drive innovation and uncover business opportunities. watch the webinar back to next and previous controls previous slide next slide e-book learn how to develop an effective ai strategy to help your organization achieve its goals. get the e-book e-book discover the common scenarios where ai is poised to have the biggest impact—and learn how to bring ai to your organization. get the e-book e-book find out how businesses are seeing an average $3.70 return on investment for every $1 they invest in generative ai.3 get the e-book back to next and previous controls previous slide next slide blog stay up to date on the latest microsoft cloud news and developments. read the blog blog learn how microsoft is investing and innovating to protect and defend against an ever-evolving cyberthreat landscape. read the blog back to next and previous controls reports read this wall street journal special report to find out how leaders are driving business value with ai. read the report back to next and previous controls previous slide next slide webinar start your ai transformation and build a future-ready business with microsoft copilot. watch the webinar webinars find out how organizations across industries can use ai and cloud services to drive innovation and uncover business opportunities. watch the webinar back to next and previous controls white paper learn how organizations can overcome challenges and capitalize on opportunities with the help of cloud-based, ai-infused solutions. read the white paper back to next and previous controls back to tabs a new era of ai has arrived explore how microsoft is empowering the world to achieve more with ai. see ai solutions business solutions hub find the right microsoft cloud solution browse the microsoft business solutions hub to find products and solutions that can help your organization reach its goals. explore solutions [1] 2024 work index report by microsoft and linkedin, may 2024. [2] gartner® magic quadrant™ cloud ai developer services, may 2024. [3] idc infobrief: sponsored by microsoft, 2024 business opportunity of ai, idc# us52699124, november 2024. follow microsoft what's new surface pro surface laptop surface laptop studio 2 surface laptop go 3 microsoft copilot ai in windows explore microsoft products windows 11 apps microsoft store account profile download center microsoft store support returns order tracking certified refurbished microsoft store promise flexible payments education microsoft in education devices for education microsoft teams for education microsoft 365 education how to buy for your school educator training and development deals for students and parents ai for education business microsoft cloud microsoft security dynamics 365 microsoft 365 microsoft power platform microsoft teams microsoft 365 copilot small business developer & it azure microsoft developer microsoft learn support for ai marketplace apps microsoft tech community azure marketplace appsource visual studio company careers about microsoft company news privacy at microsoft investors diversity and inclusion accessibility sustainability english (united states) your privacy choices opt-out icon your privacy choices your privacy choices opt-out icon your privacy choices consumer health privacy sitemap contact microsoft privacy manage cookies terms of use trademarks safety & eco recycling about our ads © microsoft 2025 ai-powered assistant ai-powered assistant