来源URL: https://web.archive.org/web/20151228105209/http://www.luxurydivas.com/blogs/news
================================================================================

news – luxury divas 0 free shipping on all domestic us orders account cart 0 clothing tops sweaters & shrugs dresses formal wear leggings pants & capris skirts shorts jackets & vests swimwear cover ups lingerie gloves arm warmers shoes boots flats flip flops pumps sandals wedges hats baseball caps bucket cowboy floppy wide brim headbands berets newsboy slouch beanie fedoras trapper belts braided & woven chain wide cinch fabric grommet & spike leather rhinestone scarves fur style winter lightweight loop infinity matching sets wraps ponchos knit wraps lightweight shawls sarongs & pareos socks & hosiery tights thigh highs leg warmers fuzzy socks boot & slouch socks toe socks crew socks knee socks ankle socks holiday socks slipper socks bags clutches cosmetic bags cross body hobos shoulder bags totes wallets wristlets plus size plus size tops plus size sweaters plus size dresses plus size leggings plus size pants plus swim cover ups gifts gift cards holiday matching sets sale home / news news the luxury divas holiday gift guide posted on december 01 2015 shopping for the ladies in our lives can be a tricky business. with so many factors to consider like age, relationship, and personal budget the decision making process involved can be overwhelming, especially when you have lots of people to shop for! luxury divas has a great selection of timeless and affordable gifts with a wide variety of styles so you can be sure to find something for every lady on your list. check out a few holiday gift ideas below: scarves are one of the best gifts to give because there are so many colors and styles to choose from so you can easily personalize this present to suit anyone’s style or taste. scarves can be practical, elegant, bold or classic and the best thing is that they are an affordable option if you have lots of people to shop for. scarves make perfect gifts for coworkers, family, friends or just about anyone! (clickable images) matching sets are another great gift idea for just about anyone. it’s cold outside, so who wouldn’t want to stay warm in a brand new hat, scarf, and glove set? luxury divas has a variety of color and style options which makes it easy to personalize *hint: choose your set based on the person’s favorite color or match it to their winter coat.* (clickable images) ponchos make excellent presents because unlike most clothing staples, you can take the guess work out of what size to order since they are typically “one size fits most”. these make great layering pieces for her winter wardrobe and they are very in-style this year! ponchos are great gift ideas for teens or adults in your family. (clickable images) handbags make a fabulous present for the gal you want to get something a little extra special for. the best part of this gift is that it can be used all year round and it is something that almost every woman can use. whether she is fashion forward or loves the classics, luxury divas has the styles to cover any taste. (clickable images) luxury divas on polyvore posted on november 20 2015 luxury divas is pleased to announce that we are now live on polyvore! we offer thousands of products from our extensive line of clothing and accessories for users to shop from and style in creative and innovative fashion sets. do you use polyvore? if so, make sure you follow us-... read more scarf it posted on november 11 2015 in a way, scarves are the ultimate fashion accessory. they can serve as a practical garment to keep our necks warm in the cold weather months or lend extra style to your ensemble in any season. luxury divas has one of the largest and most eclectic collections of scarves with... read more first look posted on november 06 2015 our latest fall fashions have arrived and it is a beautiful collection of items, which contains many of fall’s must-haves including knits, faux fur, tasseled trims, reptile textures and bold prints. check out a few of these hot items below (with clickable images), or view the entire collection here >... read more poncho perfect posted on november 02 2015 ponchos and capes are back in style this fall and winter which makes perfect sense since they combine all of our favorite aspects of a garment in cold weather months: cozy textiles, layering possibilities, and an easy way to cover up and stay warm on top of virtually any outfit.... read more orange you glad it’s autumn? posted on october 28 2015 get this festive fall look inspired by the halloween colors, black and orange. love this look? the entire ensemble is under $200! all clothing and fashion accessories can be viewed or purchased online by clicking the images below (makeup and wrist cuff not included). if you want to check out... read more fringe benefit posted on october 22 2015 this season has seen a huge comeback in 70’s retro trends, and fringe has been showing up on everything from jackets and vests to shoes and handbags. whether you are going for a look that is hippy chic or wild western, tasseled trims are the current must-have fashion embellishment. move... read more fur fetish posted on october 20 2015 as winter weather draws near, what better way to brave the cold than in some fun faux fur! adding fur accents to your wardrobe will give your style some luxurious texture and keep you warm all with one fierce fashion statement piece. fur is back in a big way this... read more we adore the fedora posted on october 13 2015 the fedora has made a big comeback in women’s fashion this year. this iconic hat makes a great accent piece for a multitude of looks. whether you want to give an elegant ensemble a stylish edge or make a statement in your everyday casual look. luxury divas carries fedoras in... read more think pink posted on october 07 2015 pink is a color that once again has been popping up on the fall runways, and how fitting since october is also breast cancer awareness month. show your support for this cause in style with any one of the varieties this feminine hue has to offer… from classic coral to... read more trending tights posted on october 05 2015 show off those legs, but keep them covered with one of fall’s hot fashion accessories- tights! luxury divas has a wide assortment of trendy textures, cool colors, and sexy styles. wear them with your favorite dress or mini to add a little something special to your look. with so many... read more sweater weather posted on september 30 2015 as days get shorter and temperatures drop, fall’s #1 fashion staple will always be sweaters. pullovers, cardigans, or wrap-arounds… you can always find a sweater to fit your style. pair it with leggings, skirts, or even denim to a achieve a look that is stylish yet comfortable on any crisp... read more transitioning to fall posted on august 26 2015 it is sad to say, but this year the autumnal equinox is september 23rd! the closing of summer and beginning of fall is right around the corner. bye-bye bikini's, hello sweater weather. there are so many things to look forward to in fall like crisp weather, crunchy leaves, and apple... read more back to school style posted on august 18 2015 for all of the children and parents of students going off to school this week it is a stressful time, we know! it is always hard to see your “baby” go off on their own. not only is it sad, but the whole process can really drive you nuts! dealing with... read more sock game strong! posted on august 11 2015 with fall approaching, the “sock game” trend will be just as popular as ever! the “sock game” refers to wearing stylish socks with your #ootd (outfit of the day). the more outrageous, the better, when getting involved in the “sock game”! some people strategize by trying to match colors from... read more summer sun skin protection! (hats) posted on august 04 2015 the summer sun can be harsh on our skin. that is why protecting the skin we are in is extremely important. the american cancer society recommends wearing sunglasses, seeking shade, applying sunblock, and covering up while outside. a great way to cover up when hitting the outdoors is to grab... read more stylish sale savings! posted on july 29 2015 every fashionista loves a great deal! especially when you are still getting superior style at an unbeatable price. who can resist? it is always great when you can find that perfect item to add to your wardrobe without breaking the bank! check out these amazing luxury divas products all on... read more daylight diva posted on july 25 2015 summer brings out the outdoorsy personality in all of us! is there anything better than spending a beautiful saturday outside with your friends? we think not! another great part of summer is the easy fashion choices that make you look dressy even when you are totally comfortable! check out this... read more trendy tuesday posted on july 21 2015 chevron has been, and is continuing to be, all the craze right now! this trendy look is constantly being seen on celebrities and being featured in magazine "street style" sections! whether you are wearing an entire chevron print dress or an accessory that becomes the focal point of the outfit-... read more print perfect posted on july 16 2015 looking to bring an edgy vibe to your existing wardrobe? there is super stylish, cost effective, and easy ways to achieve it - prints! add abstract or geometric printed items to your already fashionable clothing and you completely changed the look! our luxury divas suggestions (clickable images)- read more monday music festival look posted on july 06 2015 the summer of 2015 is the year of the festivals. with an impressive worldwide line up of over 300 festivals being featured this summer it is no wonder that “festival style” has become a business of its own. many companies take simple everyday items and increase the prices and label... read more summer must haves posted on july 03 2015 looking to hit the beach in style? being summer chic doesn’t mean you need to spend bundles of cash! here are 5 summer must haves for $30 and under!   this multicolor chevron stripe beach tote is a waterproof, fabulous, and super stylish beach tote bag has tons of room... read more wellness wednesday posted on july 01 2015 regardless if you are a professional yogi or an occasional walker- the most important thing to remember is, no matter what your body type is, you must be comfortable in your own skin. an active lifestyle can be totally fun. with the summer season in full gear most people are... read more fashion friday posted on june 26 2015 we have come to realize that friday is all about fashion versatility. what can i wear to my job that will be socially acceptable just in case i make an appearance at a get-together after work? “business-casual” . . . gross! that saying just sounds unappealing. we recommend thinking along... read more welcome to the luxury divas blog! posted on june 25 2015 welcome! with the reform of the website, it was only fitting that we, at luxury divas, get with the times, and jump on the blogging train! luxury divas is a fashion warehouse that stocks more than 10,000 products to fit any style! all served to you on one website,... read more showing items 1-25 of 25. signup for email updates contact us emailclientservices@luxurydivas.com phone(908) 387-0707 address333 morris street, phillipsburg, nj 08865 info about us search giving back the divas foundation quick links gift certificates track orders returns shipping privacy terms of service ways to shop copyright © 2015 luxury divas clothing tops sweaters & shrugs dresses formal wear leggings pants & capris skirts shorts jackets & vests swimwear cover ups lingerie gloves arm warmers shoes boots flats flip flops pumps sandals wedges hats baseball caps bucket cowboy floppy wide brim headbands berets newsboy slouch beanie fedoras trapper belts braided & woven chain wide cinch fabric grommet & spike leather rhinestone scarves fur style winter lightweight loop infinity matching sets wraps ponchos knit wraps lightweight shawls sarongs & pareos socks & hosiery tights thigh highs leg warmers fuzzy socks boot & slouch socks toe socks crew socks knee socks ankle socks holiday socks slipper socks bags clutches cosmetic bags cross body hobos shoulder bags totes wallets wristlets plus size plus size tops plus size sweaters plus size dresses plus size leggings plus size pants plus swim cover ups gifts gift cards holiday matching sets sale join our mailing list sign up to receive our daily email and get 15% off your first purchase.