来源URL: https://web.archive.org/web/20161120124344/http://www.luxurydivas.com/blogs/news
================================================================================

news – luxury divas 0 free shipping on usa orders - we ship to canada & europe account cart 0 clothing tops sweaters & shrugs dresses formal wear leggings pants & capris skirts shorts jackets & vests swimwear cover ups lingerie gloves arm warmers shoes boots flats flip flops pumps sandals slippers wedges hats baseball caps bucket cowboy floppy wide brim headbands berets newsboy slouch beanie fedoras trapper turbans belts braided & woven chain wide cinch fabric grommet & spike leather rhinestone scarves fur style winter lightweight loop infinity matching sets wraps ponchos knit wraps lightweight shawls sarongs & pareos bags clutches cosmetic bags cross body hobos shoulder bags totes wallets wristlets socks & hosiery tights thigh highs leg warmers fuzzy socks boot & slouch socks toe socks crew socks knee socks ankle socks holiday socks slipper socks plus size plus size tops plus size sweaters plus size dresses plus size leggings plus size pants plus swim cover ups gifts sunglasses gift cards holiday matching sets sale tops bottoms dresses hats & caps scarves & shawls wraps & ponchos hosiery & socks bags & totes belts & cinches boots & shoes gloves home / news news rock pink: mother & daughter stand together in the fight against breast cancer posted on october 19 2016 there's a moment in every woman's life that calls her to tap into her deepest resolve and fight to survive no matter the odds. a time when she realizes that family is her greatest source of love and support and always will be. the realization that a bond shared between mother and daughter is a beacon of light in her brightest days and darkest hours. it's the feeling of fear in the pit of her stomach when she learns that her mother has been diagnosed with breast cancer. deborah moser, luxury divas' founder & ceo, is that woman; she is every woman who meets a life altering moment head on despite being scared out of her mind.  deb's mother, geraldine was initially diagnosed  in '94, over twenty years ago, and she still feels that sinking feeling in her stomach when she thinks " i just need to go home and talk to mom and everything will be okay and then i realize mom's not there." deb recalls the days when divas was still a home based business ran out of her basement , "without my mother, i don't know if divas would be in business today" as she reflects on the pressures of raising two kids, managing her home and starting a new business.she attributes the success of her company to those early days when mom pitched in to help out with the kids after deb's husband knew she had reached her wits end. she remembers his plea distinctly--"mom, deb is losing her mind--we need you!" the pendulum swings both ways as she stood ready to answer the call of aiding her mother back to health back in '94. deb had huge shoes to fill as she was the only child shared by her divorced parents and knew it would fall solely on her to support her mother through the healing process. she was the rock, she was the anchor, she was the pillar, she was everything her mother taught her to be and together they would celebrate overcoming the greatest fear of their lives. sadly, after geraldine's breast cancer had been in remission for a decade, the cancer returned--spreading throughout her body. geraldine lost the fight to cancer in 2006 at just 63 years old. through luxury divas' generous donations to the breast cancer research foundation and the rock pink campaign featuring the breast cancer awareness pink ribbon scarf, geraldine rests in power--the power to raise awareness, the power to support finding a cure, the power of knowing your daughter has your back because the bond between mother and daughter is never broken. lovelies, stand with us in the fight against cancer, the fight to find a cure.-#rockpink! savesavesavesavesavesavesave nyfw 2016: making history never looked so fierce posted on september 16 2016 my love for all things fashion comes naturally as my mother was the first woman i knew who could own a room with such undeniable class and grace. she has a special talent for finding statement pieces for unlikely pairing that makes you feel like a million bucks no matter... read more retro buzz: bringin' back the 90s posted on september 06 2016 excuse me for being melodramatic, but i'm getting old! how is it possible that all of my fav looks from grade school are now back in style? my daughter wanted all of the on-trend looks for back to school and to my surprise her must haves (yes, she screamed it... read more it's a thin line: cultural appropriation vs. appreciation in fashion posted on july 29 2016 there is constant pressure on fashion designers to create collections — collections that are critically acclaimed and commercially successful. it's been interesting to observe how fashion houses are meeting this demand.   "diversification and inclusiveness" in the arts has sparked much debate and controversy over whether there is mutual exchange (among... read more strap on your summer glow with juicing posted on july 15 2016 summer is in full affect, and with the warmer months comes dryer, stressed skin. recently, my husband and i began juicing as a conscious choice to lead a healthier lifestyle. we both wake up excited to try new blends of fruits, veggies, herbs and spices for our morning smoothies. some... read more get your 4th on: how we do red, white and blue posted on july 01 2016 the 4th of july is my favorite summer holiday by far. there's no better time for fun in the sun with family and friends and it falls only 3 days before my birthday. this year, my family and i are headed to america's favorite resort, ocean city, new jersey. my... read more ld accessory box: the gift that keeps on giving posted on june 14 2016 can a girl ever have enough…..? like me, you’re thinking shoes, right? well, with a subscription box for virtually everything you could ever want delivered to your door step; our glam team decided to shake things up a bit with a monthly surprise of fashion accessories inspiring daring style for... read more keep it clean- healthy eating posted on june 07 2016 eating clean isn't a trendy fad- it's common sense... dangers of food additives and preservatives. “the longer the shelf life the shorter your life”. a food additive is seldom if ever put into food for the consumer's benefit. these artificial ingredients and preservatives are usually put in foods in very... read more tasty summer peach iced tea whiskey! posted on may 25 2016 we tried this recipe for peach berry iced tea whiskey, and it was delish! cool off, relax, and get your buzz on... click here for recipe. *for our cocktails, we used fresh organic peaches, raw unprocessed sugar, jameson irish whiskey and organic,"very berry" tea read more savannah georgia - an alternative guide posted on may 18 2016 savannah is the oldest city in georgia, founded in 1733 by general james oglethorpe who arrived with 120 settlers. his intent was to give a new start to england’s poor working class, and increase trade for the colonies. oglethorpe planned the city in a grid structure around open, square public... read more cinco de mayo: celebrate in style posted on may 05 2016 a lot of people celebrate cinco de mayo, but do you know what the holiday is really about?      many americans believe that cinco de mayo is mexico’s independence day, but it's not. the literal translation, “five of may”, is a date observed to celebrate the mexican army’s improbable... read more 6 simple steps for the perfect pedicure posted on april 22 2016 after an entire winter of keeping your feet under the cover of socks and boots, the start of ‘sandal season’ is a great time to give those toes a little love with a diy pedicure. what you'll need: foot soak pumice stone callous file emery board nail clipper exfoliating scrub... read more 7 girly drinks you have to order at least once posted on march 30 2016 every now and then i like to indulge in what is commonly referred to as the “girly drink”. a girly drink is one that is sweet and doesn’t taste too strongly of alcohol, yet will have you feeling really good after a few! if you a) fall into the 21+... read more spring break style ideas posted on march 21 2016 the season is upon us where many will be heading to the beaches and other outdoor locales for some fun in the sun. here are a few spring break inspired looks we love. sexy and chic or cute and casual- these three looks can easily take you from the beach... read more favorite trends for 2016 spring fashion posted on march 10 2016 this spring, romance is in the air- or, at least on the runways! this season is all about the details with eclectic influences ranging from victorian, latin, bohemian, 70’s retro, and even 90’s trends. this means we’ll be seeing lots of lace, ruffles, floral prints, and layers of light, flowing... read more natural beauty: products we love posted on march 02 2016 switching to all natural and healthy beauty products no longer requires a sacrifice in quality and effectiveness. there are many reasons to make the switch to organic, from-the-earth products because they eliminate toxic chemical ingredients. despite the upward trend in organic and all-natural buying habits, finding the products that work... read more taylor swift dominates 2016 grammys and fashion posted on february 18 2016 when one reporter asked designer, donatella versace, “what kind of liberties can you take on the grammys red carpet?” she responded, "my name is versace — when did i ever play by the rules?" taylor swift, 26, owned the red carpet when she stepped out in her two-piece altier versace... read more spotlight on floppy wool hats posted on february 01 2016 wool floppy hats are a fashion accessory that is timelessly fashionable. luxury divas is famous for their own signature collection of these soft wide brim hats that effortlessly flatter and compliment almost any woman. see some of the beautiful assortment of colors we carry of this iconic style staple below!... read more style resolutions: 3 simple ways you can improve your look in 2016 posted on january 06 2016 1. always add a third piece. one of the easiest ways to make any outfit go from drab to fab is by simply adding a third piece. this can be an accessory such as a scarf, hat, belt or even an extra layer of clothing like a vest or jacket.... read more boot it up! posted on december 17 2015 boots and booties are a fashion accessory that every woman should own. they lend some extra warmth to skirts, dresses and leggings in the colder months. you can wear them to dress up a basic pair of jeans or give a casual glam vibe to more delicate pieces. whether country,... read more luxury divas is now recognized as a google trusted store! posted on december 10 2015 luxury divas, which offers a huge variety of on-trend women’s clothing and fashion accessories, was recently selected to join the google trusted stores program. to help shoppers identify online merchants that offer a great shopping experience, the google trusted store badge is awarded to e-commerce sites that demonstrate a track... read more the luxury divas holiday gift guide posted on december 01 2015 shopping for the ladies in our lives can be a tricky business. with so many factors to consider like age, relationship, and personal budget the decision making process involved can be overwhelming, especially when you have lots of people to shop for! luxury divas has a great selection of timeless... read more luxury divas on polyvore posted on november 20 2015 luxury divas is pleased to announce that we are now live on polyvore! we offer thousands of products from our extensive line of clothing and accessories for users to shop from and style in creative and innovative fashion sets. do you use polyvore? if so, make sure you follow us-... read more scarf it posted on november 11 2015 in a way, scarves are the ultimate fashion accessory. they can serve as a practical garment to keep our necks warm in the cold weather months or lend extra style to your ensemble in any season. luxury divas has one of the largest and most eclectic collections of scarves with... read more first look posted on november 06 2015 our latest fall fashions have arrived and it is a beautiful collection of items, which contains many of fall’s must-haves including knits, faux fur, tasseled trims, reptile textures and bold prints. check out a few of these hot items below (with clickable images), or view the entire collection here >... read more poncho perfect posted on november 02 2015 ponchos and capes are back in style this fall and winter which makes perfect sense since they combine all of our favorite aspects of a garment in cold weather months: cozy textiles, layering possibilities, and an easy way to cover up and stay warm on top of virtually any outfit.... read more orange you glad it’s autumn? posted on october 28 2015 get this festive fall look inspired by the halloween colors, black and orange. love this look? the entire ensemble is under $200! all clothing and fashion accessories can be viewed or purchased online by clicking the images below (makeup and wrist cuff not included). if you want to check out... read more fringe benefit posted on october 22 2015 this season has seen a huge comeback in 70’s retro trends, and fringe has been showing up on everything from jackets and vests to shoes and handbags. whether you are going for a look that is hippy chic or wild western, tasseled trims are the current must-have fashion embellishment. move... read more fur fetish posted on october 20 2015 as winter weather draws near, what better way to brave the cold than in some fun faux fur! adding fur accents to your wardrobe will give your style some luxurious texture and keep you warm all with one fierce fashion statement piece. fur is back in a big way this... read more we adore the fedora posted on october 13 2015 the fedora has made a big comeback in women’s fashion this year. this iconic hat makes a great accent piece for a multitude of looks. whether you want to give an elegant ensemble a stylish edge or make a statement in your everyday casual look. luxury divas carries fedoras in... read more think pink posted on october 07 2015 pink is a color that once again has been popping up on the fall runways, and how fitting since october is also breast cancer awareness month. show your support for this cause in style with any one of the varieties this feminine hue has to offer… from classic coral to... read more trending tights posted on october 05 2015 show off those legs, but keep them covered with one of fall’s hot fashion accessories- tights! luxury divas has a wide assortment of trendy textures, cool colors, and sexy styles. wear them with your favorite dress or mini to add a little something special to your look. with so many... read more sweater weather posted on september 30 2015 as days get shorter and temperatures drop, fall’s #1 fashion staple will always be sweaters. pullovers, cardigans, or wrap-arounds… you can always find a sweater to fit your style. pair it with leggings, skirts, or even denim to a achieve a look that is stylish yet comfortable on any crisp... read more transitioning to fall posted on august 26 2015 it is sad to say, but this year the autumnal equinox is september 23rd! the closing of summer and beginning of fall is right around the corner. bye-bye bikini's, hello sweater weather. there are so many things to look forward to in fall like crisp weather, crunchy leaves, and apple... read more back to school style posted on august 18 2015 for all of the children and parents of students going off to school this week it is a stressful time, we know! it is always hard to see your “baby” go off on their own. not only is it sad, but the whole process can really drive you nuts! dealing with... read more sock game strong! posted on august 11 2015 with fall approaching, the “sock game” trend will be just as popular as ever! the “sock game” refers to wearing stylish socks with your #ootd (outfit of the day). the more outrageous, the better, when getting involved in the “sock game”! some people strategize by trying to match colors from... read more summer sun skin protection! (hats) posted on august 04 2015 the summer sun can be harsh on our skin. that is why protecting the skin we are in is extremely important. the american cancer society recommends wearing sunglasses, seeking shade, applying sunblock, and covering up while outside. a great way to cover up when hitting the outdoors is to grab... read more stylish sale savings! posted on july 29 2015 every fashionista loves a great deal! especially when you are still getting superior style at an unbeatable price. who can resist? it is always great when you can find that perfect item to add to your wardrobe without breaking the bank! check out these amazing luxury divas products all on... read more daylight diva posted on july 25 2015 summer brings out the outdoorsy personality in all of us! is there anything better than spending a beautiful saturday outside with your friends? we think not! another great part of summer is the easy fashion choices that make you look dressy even when you are totally comfortable! check out this... read more trendy tuesday posted on july 21 2015 chevron has been, and is continuing to be, all the craze right now! this trendy look is constantly being seen on celebrities and being featured in magazine "street style" sections! whether you are wearing an entire chevron print dress or an accessory that becomes the focal point of the outfit-... read more print perfect posted on july 16 2015 looking to bring an edgy vibe to your existing wardrobe? there is super stylish, cost effective, and easy ways to achieve it - prints! add abstract or geometric printed items to your already fashionable clothing and you completely changed the look! our luxury divas suggestions (clickable images)- read more monday music festival look posted on july 06 2015 the summer of 2015 is the year of the festivals. with an impressive worldwide line up of over 300 festivals being featured this summer it is no wonder that “festival style” has become a business of its own. many companies take simple everyday items and increase the prices and label... read more summer must haves posted on july 03 2015 looking to hit the beach in style? being summer chic doesn’t mean you need to spend bundles of cash! here are 5 summer must haves for $30 and under!   this multicolor chevron stripe beach tote is a waterproof, fabulous, and super stylish beach tote bag has tons of room... read more wellness wednesday posted on july 01 2015 regardless if you are a professional yogi or an occasional walker- the most important thing to remember is, no matter what your body type is, you must be comfortable in your own skin. an active lifestyle can be totally fun. with the summer season in full gear most people are... read more fashion friday posted on june 26 2015 we have come to realize that friday is all about fashion versatility. what can i wear to my job that will be socially acceptable just in case i make an appearance at a get-together after work? “business-casual” . . . gross! that saying just sounds unappealing. we recommend thinking along... read more welcome to the luxury divas blog! posted on june 25 2015 welcome! with the reform of the website, it was only fitting that we, at luxury divas, get with the times, and jump on the blogging train! luxury divas is a fashion warehouse that stocks more than 10,000 products to fit any style! all served to you on one website,... read more showing items 1-46 of 46. signup for email updates contact us emailclientservices@luxurydivas.com phone(908) 387-0707 address333 morris street, phillipsburg, nj 08865 info about us press search giving back the divas foundation quick links gift certificates track orders returns shipping privacy terms of service ways to shop copyright © 2016 luxury divas clothing tops sweaters & shrugs dresses formal wear leggings pants & capris skirts shorts jackets & vests swimwear cover ups lingerie gloves arm warmers shoes boots flats flip flops pumps sandals slippers wedges hats baseball caps bucket cowboy floppy wide brim headbands berets newsboy slouch beanie fedoras trapper turbans belts braided & woven chain wide cinch fabric grommet & spike leather rhinestone scarves fur style winter lightweight loop infinity matching sets wraps ponchos knit wraps lightweight shawls sarongs & pareos bags clutches cosmetic bags cross body hobos shoulder bags totes wallets wristlets socks & hosiery tights thigh highs leg warmers fuzzy socks boot & slouch socks toe socks crew socks knee socks ankle socks holiday socks slipper socks plus size plus size tops plus size sweaters plus size dresses plus size leggings plus size pants plus swim cover ups gifts sunglasses gift cards holiday matching sets sale tops bottoms dresses hats & caps scarves & shawls wraps & ponchos hosiery & socks bags & totes belts & cinches boots & shoes gloves join our mailing list sign up to receive our daily email and get 15% off your first purchase.