来源URL: https://web.archive.org/web/20111224140615/https://www.brooksrunning.com/on/demandware.store/Sites-BrooksRunning-Site/default/Account-StartRegister
================================================================================

brooks running - men's & women's running shoes and apparel my account-sign in/register wish list order lookup shoe advisor find a dealer help search go women running shoes pureproject neutral guidance support control trail competition spikes kids' shoes apparel tops shorts long sleeve tops sports tanks & bras skorts outerwear tights & pants nightlife accessories hansons-brooks team gear walking shoes sale marine corps marathon be ready gear up for your goals gift ideas for women men running shoes pureproject neutral guidance support control trail competition spikes kids' shoes apparel tops shorts long sleeve tops outerwear tights & pants nightlife baselayer accessories hansons-brooks team gear walking shoes sale marine corps marathon be ready gear up for your goals gift ideas for men pureproject feel more with less. experiencepureproject » run happy promotions, videos, and more to make you smile. run on over » technology the science behind the magic. learn more » athletes be inspired by our sponsored athletes. get motivated » events experience the run happy® spirit at one of our many brooks sponsored events. find run happy® » blog recent office mayhem and a few newsworthy items. check it out » your browser's javascript functionality is turned off. please turn it on so that you can experience the full capabilities of this site. your browser currently is not set to accept cookies. please turn it on or check if you have another program set to block cookies. home >my account my account account settings create an account secure shopping privacy policy credit card security need help? contact us and we'd be delighted to assist you! name * first name {label:"first name"} * last name {label:"last name"} login information * email {label:"email"} * confirm email {label:"confirm email"} * password {label:"password"} 5 - 20 characters * confirm password {label:"confirm password"} password question mother's maiden name make of first car favourite pet's name father's first name place of birth {label:"password question"} * password answer {label:"password answer"} *indicates a required field please add me to the brooks running email list. brooks running does not share or sell personal info. privacy policy apply privacy policy at brooks sports, inc. ("brooks"), we respect your privacy and are fully committed to ensuring that your privacy is protected. we realize the importance of feeling safe online and take great care to safeguard the information you provide. your preferences for use of your personal information are our highest priority. the privacy policy below details the measures taken by brooks to protect your privacy in connection with your use of brooksrunning.com and other websites owned and operated by brooks (the "company sites"). how does brooks use my personally identifiable information? customized experience. brooks gathers user information to provide you with a customized experience on the company sites. your user information helps us tailor content, services, goods and advertising to your current and future needs. for this reason, we may ask you to register or to provide personal information when you visit certain areas of brooks, download free software, enter a contest, order products or subscribe to a newsletter. if you choose not to register, you may not have access to areas that require personal identification. email. if you opt in to receive email messages from brooks when you register or purchase products on a company site, we may email you periodically with newsletters or informative messages about our products and services that we believe may be of interest to you, such as new features, special offers and updates. the email may contain code that enables our database to track your usage of the email, including whether the email was opened and/or what links (if any) were clicked. we will combine that information with other information we have collected about you (with your permission) and may use that information to improve your site experience and/or provide customized email communications to you. when does brooks collect my information, and what information does it collect? registration. if you want to purchase products from brooks or receive our newsletter, you will be asked to register when you visit the company sites. when you register, brooks may ask for your email address, name, address, gender, date of birth, and user/contact preferences. once you are a registered user, you can update your profile and may be able to provide additional preferential information (such as a member name and certain user preferences). brooks may also ask for other optional information. order forms and products store. brooks also uses an order form through which users can request information, products and services. via that order form, we collect a user's contact information (email address, et cetera.) and financial information required to process the order (i.e. credit card number). contact information provided in association with the order is used to ship orders, send order and shipping confirmations to our registered users, and to get in touch with the user when necessary (i.e. if an issue arises with credit card processing or product availability). brooks may use third parties to accept and process orders and credit card purchases for merchandise and products. special contests or promotions. brooks may occasionally present a special contest or promotion that is sponsored by brooks or another company. to qualify for entry in that contest or promotion, we may ask you to provide personal information, and we will detail how this information will be used. if we plan to share that information with third-party sponsor(s), we will provide a statement to that effect within the contest or promotion terms. ip address. an internet protocol ("ip") address is unique string of numbers that is assigned to your computer by your internet service provider. web servers automatically identify your computer by its ip address. we will use your ip address to help diagnose problems with our server and to administer the company sites. your ip address also may be used to gather broad demographic information. cookies. a "cookie" is a small line of text that is stored with your web browser for record-keeping purposes and to help us provide better service to you, including allowing you to use some specialized features on the company sites. your browser has options to accept, reject, or provide you with notice when a cookie is sent. we use cookies during a user's visits to the company sites in order to identify each unique online session. we do not store any of your personally identifiable information on our cookies. links to other sites. the company sites may contain links, including banner and other ads, to other websites. brooks is not responsible for the privacy practices or the content of such websites. the company sites may also link to websites that feature brooks trademarks and names along with trademarks and names of other companies. you should look at the privacy policy on that co-branded website, as the co-branded website may not be under brooks' control. information from other sources. for reasons such as improving your experience and providing customized communications to our users, we may receive information about you from other sources and add it to the information that we have received from you. with whom does brooks share information? we will not share your personally identifiable information with third parties (aside from entities that perform services for us, such as fulfilling orders). brooks may use third parties to accept and process orders or credit card transactions for merchandise and products. however, brooks may disclose information you provide if required to do so by law or if we have a good faith belief that disclosure is necessary to (1) comply with the law or with legal process served on brooks; (2) protect and defend the rights or property of brooks; or (3) act in an emergency to protect someone's safety. we may gather demographic information from you (for example, your age, education level or household income) from time to time. we will not share that information in a manner that identifies you as an individual with any other entity. we may share certain statistical information with our marketing partners, advertisers or other third parties for research purposes.  if we share such demographic information with third parties, it will contain aggregate information only. brooks is a wholly owned subsidiary of the russell corporation. in the event that brooks is sold by russell corporation, or that russell corporation is acquired by another company, your personal information may be part of the assets transferred to the acquiring party. what are my options to control the use of my personally identifiable information? if you do not want to receive information from brooks, you may decline to receive it (or "opt out") when you provide personal information to brooks, or you may sign in to your account and update your preferences. what about kids' personally identifiable information? brooks does not sell products for purchase by children. we may sell children’s products for purchase by adults. if you are under 18, you may use company sites only with the involvement of a parent or guardian. if a parent believes that his or her child has submitted personal information to brooks, he or she can contact us via email or postal mail as listed below. brooks will promptly delete the information upon learning that it relates to a child under the age of 13. what else should i know about my privacy? security. brooks has security measures in place to protect the loss, misuse and alteration of the information under our control. these include firewalls to prevent unauthorized access to our systems. although we will exercise the utmost care in providing secure transmission of information between your computer and our servers, we cannot ensure or warrant the security of any information transmitted to us over the internet and we accept no liability for any unintentional disclosure. we will protect the transmission of credit card information through industry standard, ssl (secure socket layer) encryption. message boards and other public areas. brooks may offer message boards, chat rooms or other public functions. any posting by you in any of these areas is considered public information available to other users. you should be aware that if you voluntarily disclose personal information online in a public area, that information may be collected and used by others. we do not control the actions of our visitors and registered users. if you disclose personal information in a publicly accessible place on the company sites, you do so at your own risk and you understand that your submitted information may be collected and used by others to send you unsolicited messages, advertisements or for other purposes. any posting is governed by brooks' terms of use. refer a friend. if a user elects to use our referral service for informing a friend about the company sites or particular brooks products, services or features, we ask them for the friend's name and email address in order to send the desired information. brooks will automatically send the friend a one-time email inviting them to visit a company site. brooks stores this information for the sole purpose of sending this one-time email. the friend may contact brooks to request the removal of this information from our database. password protection. your personal information is password-protected, and you should take appropriate measures to protect the secrecy of your password. if you use a computer in a public place or share a computer with others, remember to sign out and close your browser window when you finish a session with brooks in order to prevent others from accessing your personal information. how can i update my profile? you can help brooks maintain the accuracy of your profile by notifying us when you change your street address, title, phone number or email address. if at any time you wish to update your information or stop receiving communications from brooks, please sign in to your account and review your account settings. contacting brooks. brooks welcomes your comments and questions about our privacy policy. please address comments or questions to us via the following mailing address. brooks sports, inc. 19820 north creek parkway suite 200 bothell, wa 98011-8223 attn: web privacy policy acceptance of privacy policy. your use of any company site, including any dispute concerning privacy, is subject to this privacy policy and brooks' terms of use. by using the company sites, you are accepting the practices set out in this privacy policy and those terms of use. we reserve the right to modify this privacy policy at any time by posting the changes on this page. if this policy is modified by brooks, you will be notified by email of any changes which affect how we use your personal information. as stated above, you can modify your personal information communication preferences at any time. please check the revision date at the bottom of this paragraph to determine if the policy has been modified since you last reviewed it. your continued use of any portion of any company site following posting of the updated privacy policy will constitute your acceptance of the changes. this privacy policy was last revised on february 12th, 2006. blog & community like us on facebook get all the latest and greatest brooks info brooks events be a lab rat follow us brooks blog customer service talk with a brooks expert chat now » have a question? contact us » order lookup fit + sizing returns + exchange shipping info shoe advisor faq find a dealer let an expert fit you into the best brooks shoe for you search now » privacy policy | about brooks | careers | dealer support | site map | affiliates | running responsibly | help united states - change region men's running shoes men's addiction 10 men's addiction walker men's adrenaline asr 8 men's adrenaline asr gtx men's adrenaline gts 12 men's beast running shoe men's cascadia 6 men's defyance 4 men's dyad 6 men's ghost 4 men's ghost gtx men's glycerin 9 men's green silence men's launch men's racer st 5 men's ravenna 2 men's t7 racer men's trailblade men's trance 10 men's summon 3 men's walking shoes women's running shoes women's addiction 10 women's addiction walker women's adrenaline asr 8 women's adrenaline asr gtx women's adrenaline gts 12 women's ariel running shoe women's cascadia 6 women's defyance 4 women's dyad 6 women's ghost 4 women's ghost gtx women's glycerin 9 women's green silence women's launch women's racer st 5 women's ravenna 2 women's t7 racer women's trailblade women's trance 10 women's summon 3 women's walking shoes men's sale running shoes men's addiction 9 men's adrenaline gts 11 men's ghost 3 men's glycerin 8 men's ravenna men's trance 9 men's running apparel men's running jackets men's running long sleeve shirts men's running shirts men's running hats men's running accessories men's running underwear men's running pants men's running socks men's running shorts men's nightlife collection men's mcm gear men's team gear men's hansons-brooks gear men's gift ideas men's running apparel sale women's sale running shoes women's addiction 9 women's adrenaline gts 11 women's ghost 3 women's glycerin 8 women's ravenna women's trance 9 women's running apparel women's running bras & tanks women's running skorts women's running long sleeve tops women's running short sleeve tops women's running shorts women's running tights & pants women's running socks women's running accessories women's running hats women's nightlife collection women's mcm gear women's team gear women's hansons-brooks gear women's gift ideas women's running apparel sale moving comfort sports bras brooks pureproject running shoes men's pureproject men's pureconnect men's pureflow men's purecadence men's puregrit women's pureproject women's pureconnect women's pureflow women's purecadence women's puregrit © 2012 brooks sports, inc. | 19910 north creek pkwy | bothell, wa 98011 | 1-800-2-brooks email sign up get in the loop and register to win a free pair of brooks running shoes! go brooks true blue guaranteetm all products come with a no-questions-asked, 30-day satisfaction guarantee. details »