来源URL: https://web.archive.org/web/20141230061702/http://www.brooksrunning.com/en_us/meet-brooks/technology
================================================================================

brooks running - men's & women's running shoes and apparel skip to content cart 0 my account log in register my orders help 1-800-2-brooks mon-fri: 7am-5pm pst email and chat quick links shipping returns order lookup frequently asked questions order lookup shop local brooks running free shipping on all orders - free returns search catalog search free shipping on all orders - free returns catalog navigation women men meet brooks shoe advisor log in / create account order lookup shop local all women running shoes all women's running shoes neutral get superior cushioning and smooth transitions without a lot of fuss. guidance providing just a touch of support for runners with mild pronation. support balance your stride with added stability for moderate pronators. control the ultimate stability shoes for severe overpronators. lightweight trail competition spikes walking shoes kids' shoes sale not sure what's right for you? try the shoe advisor ➤ apparel shorts & capris tops sports bras jackets & vests tights & pants socks accessories sale collections moving comfort bras heritage collection nightlife collection ombre collection gifts for runners bestselling running shoes adrenaline gts 15 ghost 7 glycerin 12 ravenna 5 all men running shoes all men's running shoes neutral get superior cushioning and smooth transitions without a lot of fuss. guidance providing just a touch of support for runners with mild pronation. support balance your stride with added stability for moderate pronators. control the ultimate stability shoes for severe overpronators. lightweight trail competition spikes walking shoes kids' shoes sale not sure what's right for you? try the shoe advisor ➤ apparel shorts tops jackets & vests tights & pants accessories socks sale collections heritage nightlife collection gifts for runners bestselling running shoes adrenaline gts 15 ghost 7 glycerin 12 ravenna 5 hello what makes us tick brooks hq run happy is... technology run b'cause careers events rock 'n' roll marathon pr invitational marine corps marathon mt. sac hometown happy more events programs inspiring coaches inspire daily vip porta potty beta runners athletes hansons-brooks brooks beasts mavericks blog sign up for the newsletter go your browser's javascript functionality is turned off. please turn it on so that you can experience the full capabilities of this site. technology at brooks, we take running and running technology pretty seriously. our specialized high-tech features are what really set our running shoes apart. 3d fit print using a revolutionary process that uses screen-print technology to apply engineered structure to the uppers of our shoes, it maintains the shoe structure with increased flexibility and lighter weight. 3d hex lugs aggressive 3d hex lugs on the outsole provide maximum grip. ballistic rock shield toughened thermoplastic eva sheath between the outsole and midsole protects the forefoot by spreading out point loads from sharp objects. dna fabric a lightweight fabric that adapts to your body. it breathes, stretches and recovers, providing a custom, “made-for-me” fit. learn more dna midsole an innovative cushioning system that adapts to runners of all sizes and speeds, providing a custom ride. learn more guide rails midsole construction that helps your hips, knees and joints move in their unique motion path. learn more ideal pressure zones distribute pressure evenly under your foot, transforming your run into a more comfortable and effortless ride. learn more nightlife products that will make a runner visible in all lighting conditions while ensuring they're recognized as humans (and not a traffic cone). learn more rounded heel the slight curve of the heel aligns force through the center of your ankle joint, reducing internal stress on your body. learn more segmented crash pad made up of fully-integrated shock absorbers to provide cushion and smooth heel-to-toe transition, maximizing the efficiency of every stride. learn more stride signature a scientific approach to improving performance by working with the natural, unique motion paths of runners. learn more super dna an adaptable midsole material that offers increased cushioning while providing peak energy return and support. learn more dna fabric what is it? brooks dna is lightweight fabric that adapts to your body. it breathes, stretches and recovers better than any fabric available today, providing runners of all shapes and sizes with a custom, "made-for-me" fit. moving with your body like a second skin, brooks dna is lightweight, breathable and reacts to body temperature changes so you can glide through your run without any restrictions. how does it work? here’s how you get that “made-for-me” fit with brooks dna: adaptive: most fabrics stretch up and down and side to side (the x and y axis) which can lead to sagging in unwanted places, especially as the garment is worn over time. dna is different – it stretches on the z axis, following the action of your body in motion. this means that dna anchors itself to your body, moving in a completely natural way so that you get 30 percent more stretch out of your running gear, but without any sagging. no restrictions: brooks dna reacts to your temperature as it rises and falls throughout your run. as your body temperature rises, the resistance of the dna fabric lowers, compensating to let your muscles move naturally as they heat up. the big benefit to this is restriction-free movement and blood flow. once you cool down, the dna fibers return back to their original resistance. light & breathable: dna fabric is lighter and more breathable than traditional spandex because of two key construction features – dna fibers are thinner and stronger than typical spandex fibers and dna fabric is a single smooth and compact fiber (vs. a bundle of fibers). these qualities mean that you still get the power and stretch you need but with better performance and lighter weight. dna midsole what is it? brooks dna is an innovative and uniquely adaptive cushioning system. by adapting to your specific weight, pace, gait and running surface, dna offers customized cushioning and adds a spring to your step. traditional cushioning takes a one-size-fits-all approach, but we know that each runner is different. brooks dna was developed to continuously tailor the level of cushioning to your specific needs – even as they change during the run. how does it work? brooks dna is made up of a highly viscous non-newtonian material or more simply put, a material that adapts to the specific force you apply to it. part of the brilliance is that this compound was engineered to perform at the molecular level (picture millions of resilient 'nanosprings'). if you looked at brooks dna through a microscope, you'd see that it's made up of individual molecules connected in strands. these strands (which form chains) react to the amount of force placed on the foot, dispersing pressure and providing resiliency. bottom line of this physics lesson: you get tailored cushioning that reacts to your specific weight, pace, gait, movement and running environment – "made-for-me" cushioning vs. "one size fits all." and, as with all good technology, we’ve taken it a step further (two steps actually): biomogo dna is dna technology blended with the biomogo midsole to provide adaptive cushioning throughout the midsole vs. just in the heel and forefoot. biomogo dna midsole includes an organic, non-toxic additive that biodegrades the midsole 50 times faster than traditional eva when it comes into contact with anaerobic landfill microbes (otherwise known as active, enclosed landfills). 30% more cushioning than standard midsole materials (gel or eva) twice as much energy return for more pep in your step great performance no matter your weight or running pace smoother transition from heel to toe guide rails what is it? guide rails are built into the footwear midsole and revolutionize traditional stability technology found in running shoes. delivering on-demand support, guide rails allow your hips, knees and joints to move within their unique motion path while you run – all without traditional posts. this innovative new form of stability doesn't "correct" your stride. instead it assists your body in finding its natural path, or stride signature. how does it work? a good way to think about how guide rails work is to picture a bobsled track. as the bobsled rockets down the icy course, the crew works to guide it down the "line" – the ideal path through the course. the fastest times are achieved when the sled glides effortlessly down the course with limited side-to-side movement. now, let’s apply this to the runner. much like the bobsled, runners perform best when they stay within their personal "line" – what we like to call their natural habitual joint motion. guide rails are designed to do just this – help runners maintain the most efficient and natural motion throughout the run. ideal pressure zones what is it? ideal pressure zones distribute pressure evenly under your foot, transforming your run into a more comfortable and effortless ride from heel to forefoot. how does it work? when we take a step back to examine how runners run, we recognize that the highest amount of impact happens as you propel yourself forward. knowing that this is the moment of highest impact, we’ve reshaped the outsole to disperse pressure evenly throughout your whole foot -- from heel to mid-foot to forefoot. this means that impact is no longer felt in just one area of the foot which could cause “hot spots” (places that rub or cause pain throughout the run) but is instead dispersed evenly across the entire foot, leading to a smoother, float-like transition as you glide through your run. ideal pressure zones work in conjunction with our other shoe technologies to help runners maintain their most efficient and natural motion throughout the run. nightlife what is it? we combined our experience in retroreflective, fluorescence and contrast with new research findings on eye function, cognitive science and direction perception, shifting the conversation from one about "visibility" to one about "recognition". by doing so, we were able to strategically rearrange these technologies to create a silhouette of a runner in motion. this helps ensure the brain recognizes what it’s seeing as a person and not a static object – like a traffic cone. how does it work? while some reflective running gear focuses on visibility, recognition is the key to nightlife products. while nightlife products do make a runner visible in all lighting conditions, they also ensure runners are recognized as humans in motion. brooks was one of the first technical brands to offer runners a high-visibility collection that helped keep them safe while running in low light and nighttime conditions. the focus was on: fluorescent colors: fluorescent colors reflect or absorb colors in the visible spectrum, but that extra glow in fluorescent colors comes from ultraviolet light, which humans don’t see. ultraviolet light, or uv, is just beyond visible violet in the spectrum. fluorescent dyes turn invisible energy into visible light, making them visible to the human eye. retroreflectivity: a retroreflective is a device or surface that reflects light back with minimum scattering of light, directly impacting the distance at which the device or surface can be seen. rounded heel what is it? “rounded heel” is just a fancy name that we like to use for the rounded and reduced heel on our shoes. the slight curvature in the heel vastly improves the alignment of your body, encouraging a more efficient stride. how does it work? it’s really quite simple. the curvature in the heel works to align the body by shifting the contact point forward. as you hit the ground there is a greater clearance distance under the middle of your heel, which aligns force through the center of your ankle, thus reducing internal stress on your body. segmented crash pad what is it? the segmented crash pad customizes your foot's lay-down to provide amazing cushion and smooth heel-to-toe transition throughout the run. how does it work? we know that a key component of maximizing your run is to provide the smoothest possible heel-to-toe transition. the segmented crash pad is one technology we use to achieve this goal. shaped like a caterpillar, the segmented crash pad is a midsole made up of independent, yet fully integrated shock absorbers. as your foot strikes the ground, the segments work together to customize your individual lay down to provide the right amount of cushion and seamless heel-to-toe transition for you – making the most of all that effort you put into each stride. stride signature what is it? we call this concept of identifying the unique and highly individual characteristics of each runner “stride signature.” it is a revolutionary idea, yet it is based in years of scientific research. how does it work? a runner’s stride signature is the starting point from which we define the runner’s perfect form and alignment. our research leads us to believe that the answer to reducing the risk of injuries, enhancing comfort, and improving performance is not to change or fix a runner’s “flaws,” but to work with the natural and highly individual motion paths of the joints. the focus then becomes keeping the runner in this path of least resistance for as long as possible during a run. for some runners, the repeated impact of the foot striking the ground combined can push them outside of their preferred motion path. the task of modern running shoes should be to help these runners stay within their unique motion corridor at all times. one way we hope to create this effect is through a new running shoe technology that we call “guide rails.” by maintaining these habitual motion patterns, the runner will optimize muscle activity and joint motion, and therefore reduce the onset of fatigue and form breakdown. moreover, the runner will experience the shoe as supremely comfortable, due to the empowerment of this fluid motion and the shoe’s harmony with his or her body. super dna what is it? an adaptable midsole material that combines plushness with adaptability and provides 25% more cushioning than biomogo dna. traditional cushioning takes a one-size-fits-all approach, but we know that each runner is different. super dna was developed to continuously tailor the level of cushioning to your specific needs – even as they change during the run. how does it work? super dna is made up of a highly viscous non-newtonian material or more simply put, a material that adapts to the specific force you apply to it. part of the brilliance is that this compound was engineered to perform at the molecular level (picture millions of resilient 'nanosprings'). if you looked at super dna through a microscope, you’d see that it's made up of individual molecules connected in strands. these strands (which form chains) react to the amount of force placed on the foot, dispersing pressure and providing resiliency. bottom line of this physics lesson: you get tailored cushioning that reacts to your specific weight, pace, gait, movement and running environment – "made-for-me" cushioning vs. "one size fits all." and, as with all good technology, we’ve taken it a step further: super dna is our latest stop on the dna journey. introduced with the transcend and now found in the glycerin, super dna combines the adaptability of dna and adds 25% more cushioning than biomogo dna while still maintaining the same energy return and biodegradable properties. essentially you get the best of both worlds – adaptability and ultimate cushioning. other benefits include: significantly more cushioning than standard midsole materials increased energy-return for more pep in your step great performance no matter your weight or running pace smoother transition from heel to toe blog & community brooks blog press releases be a lab rat request a catalog customer service ask a brooks expert contact us order lookup returns & exchange shoe advisor fit & sizing shipping info faq the brooks guarantee return online purchases for up to 30 days (even if you sweat in 'em!) details a dealer near you shop local email signup get in the loop and register to win a free pair of brooks running shoes! go about brooks running responsibly supply chain careers shop local dealer support privacy policy interest based ads site map help signup for the newsletter © 2014 brooks sports, inc. 3400 stone way north, 5th floor, seattle, wa 98103 1-800-2-brooks terms of sale terms of use change region