来源URL: https://web.archive.org/web/20141230061702/http://www.brooksrunning.com/en_us/adrenaline-gts-15-mens-running-shoes/1101811D813.070.html
================================================================================

brooks adrenaline gts 15 men's running shoes skip to content cart 0 my account log in register my orders help 1-800-2-brooks mon-fri: 7am-5pm pst email and chat quick links shipping returns order lookup frequently asked questions order lookup shop local brooks running free shipping on orders over $75 + free returns search catalog search free shipping on orders over $75 + free returns catalog navigation women men meet brooks shoe advisor log in / create account order lookup shop local all women running shoes all women's running shoes neutral get superior cushioning and smooth transitions without a lot of fuss. guidance providing just a touch of support for runners with mild pronation. support balance your stride with added stability for moderate pronators. control the ultimate stability shoes for severe overpronators. lightweight trail competition spikes walking shoes kids' shoes sale not sure what's right for you? try the shoe advisor ➤ apparel shorts & capris tops sports bras jackets & vests tights & pants socks accessories sale collections moving comfort bras heritage collection nightlife collection ombre collection gifts for runners bestselling running shoes adrenaline gts 15 ghost 7 glycerin 12 ravenna 5 all men running shoes all men's running shoes neutral get superior cushioning and smooth transitions without a lot of fuss. guidance providing just a touch of support for runners with mild pronation. support balance your stride with added stability for moderate pronators. control the ultimate stability shoes for severe overpronators. lightweight trail competition spikes walking shoes kids' shoes sale not sure what's right for you? try the shoe advisor ➤ apparel shorts tops jackets & vests tights & pants accessories socks sale collections heritage nightlife collection gifts for runners bestselling running shoes adrenaline gts 15 ghost 7 glycerin 12 ravenna 5 hello what makes us tick brooks hq run happy is... technology run b'cause careers events rock 'n' roll marathon pr invitational marine corps marathon mt. sac hometown happy more events programs inspiring coaches inspire daily vip porta potty beta runners athletes hansons-brooks brooks beasts mavericks blog sign up for the newsletter go your browser's javascript functionality is turned off. please turn it on so that you can experience the full capabilities of this site. home men running shoes support adrenaline gts 15 men's adrenaline gts 15 images roll over to zoom alternate views details http://www.brooksrunning.com/en_us/adrenaline-gts-15-mens-running-shoes/1101811d813.070.html $120.00 style #110181 variations size chart select size size: 7.0 size: 7.5 size: 8.0 size: 8.5 size: 9.0 size: 9.5 size: 10.0 size: 10.5 size: 11.0 size: 11.5 size: 12.0 size: 12.5 size: 13.0 size: 14.0 size: 15.0 select mens width mens width: normal mens width: narrow b mens width: wide 2e mens width: extra wide 4e color 028 057 068 168 813 product actions add to cart options qty add to cart true blue guarantee return online purchases for up to 30 days (even if you sweat in 'em!) shoe advisor chat live free returns shipping info store locator additional information features specs the new adrenaline gts 15 men's running shoe takes equal parts support, cushion and balance, and wraps them in a stylish, high-performance package. treat yourself to the adaptive cushioning of the biomogo dna midsole that responds to your run and the full-length segmented crash pad that gives you ultra-smooth heel-to-toe transition. the progressive diagonal rollbar provides reassuring stability while moisture-managing materials in the upper keep you cooler and dryer when you're on the run. the adrenaline gts 15 runs slightly smaller than previous models. if you are between sizes, we recommend choosing ½ size up. > see the women's adrenaline gts 15 running shoes shoe category: support pronation: moderate arch: medium, high body build: small, medium, large platform: universal platform dna layout: biomogo dna layout construction type: combination water-resistent: no waterproof: no competition: road racing launch date: november 1, 2014 weight: 11.0 oz what's new adrenaline gts 15 biomogo dna midsole provides adaptive cushioning progressive diagonal rollbar for added control full-length segmented crash pad delivers smooth transitions moisture-management mesh upper helps feet stay cool and dry bold new color choices offer style for miles great for road running ideal for flat to medium arches weight 11 oz ideal for runners with moderate pronation midsole drop 12mm new colors available technology dna midsole an innovative cushioning system that adapts to runners of all sizes and speeds, providing a custom ride. learn more segmented crash pad made up of fully-integrated shock absorbers to provide cushion and smooth heel-to-toe transition, maximizing the efficiency of every stride. learn more dna midsole what is it? brooks dna is an innovative and uniquely adaptive cushioning system. by adapting to your specific weight, pace, gait and running surface, dna offers customized cushioning and adds a spring to your step. traditional cushioning takes a one-size-fits-all approach, but we know that each runner is different. brooks dna was developed to continuously tailor the level of cushioning to your specific needs – even as they change during the run. how does it work? brooks dna is made up of a highly viscous non-newtonian material or more simply put, a material that adapts to the specific force you apply to it. part of the brilliance is that this compound was engineered to perform at the molecular level (picture millions of resilient 'nanosprings'). if you looked at brooks dna through a microscope, you'd see that it's made up of individual molecules connected in strands. these strands (which form chains) react to the amount of force placed on the foot, dispersing pressure and providing resiliency. bottom line of this physics lesson: you get tailored cushioning that reacts to your specific weight, pace, gait, movement and running environment – "made-for-me" cushioning vs. "one size fits all." and, as with all good technology, we’ve taken it a step further (two steps actually): biomogo dna is dna technology blended with the biomogo midsole to provide adaptive cushioning throughout the midsole vs. just in the heel and forefoot. biomogo dna midsole includes an organic, non-toxic additive that biodegrades the midsole 50 times faster than traditional eva when it comes into contact with anaerobic landfill microbes (otherwise known as active, enclosed landfills). 30% more cushioning than standard midsole materials (gel or eva) twice as much energy return for more pep in your step great performance no matter your weight or running pace smoother transition from heel to toe segmented crash pad what is it? the segmented crash pad customizes your foot's lay-down to provide amazing cushion and smooth heel-to-toe transition throughout the run. how does it work? we know that a key component of maximizing your run is to provide the smoothest possible heel-to-toe transition. the segmented crash pad is one technology we use to achieve this goal. shaped like a caterpillar, the segmented crash pad is a midsole made up of independent, yet fully integrated shock absorbers. as your foot strikes the ground, the segments work together to customize your individual lay down to provide the right amount of cushion and seamless heel-to-toe transition for you – making the most of all that effort you put into each stride. you might also like... men's transcend $160.00 $110.00 shop now men's adrenaline asr 11 gtx $150.00 shop now men's adrenaline asr 11 $130.00 shop now men's purecadence 3 $120.00 $78.00 shop now men's ravenna 5 $110.00 $90.00 shop now kids adrenaline gts 14 $70.00 $60.00 shop now reviews review snapshot®by powerreviewsadrenaline gts 15 3.9(based on 24 reviews)ratings distribution5 stars (11)4 stars (8)3 stars (0)2 stars (2)1 stars (3)77% of respondents would recommend this to a friend.proscomfortable (16)cushions impact (15)pronation control (13)good traction (12)arch support (9)consheavy (5)uncomfortable (5)too stiff (3)best usesdry conditions (10)distance / endurance (9)trail running (8)walking (8)wet weather (7)sizing:feels full size too small feels half size too small feels true to size 70% (16 reviews)feels half size too big feels full size too big width:feels too narrow feels true to width 91% (21 reviews)feels too wide arch type:average arch (18), low arch (4)reviewer profile:enthusiast (12), casual/ recreational (7), gym rat (4)was this a gift?:no (22)write a reviewmost liked positive review big improvement from my old shoesi went to a running store to get shoes that were right for me. i tried 4 different pairs four different brands, the adrenaline gts 15 were the best of the four, the...read complete reviewi went to a running store to get shoes that were right for me. i tried 4 different pairs four different brands, the adrenaline gts 15 were the best of the four, the balance between stability and comfort were just right. i am just starting out with running and i could feel the difference after my first run. if they fit your feet well as they did for me i would highly recommend them. the sales person that helped me wear the women's version as her running shoe.vsmost liked negative review changed the fit!i've loved the last few generations of the adrenaline, but the fit on this one seems radically changed. the forefoot seems much shorter, i had to move up half a size from the...read complete reviewi've loved the last few generations of the adrenaline, but the fit on this one seems radically changed. the forefoot seems much shorter, i had to move up half a size from the previous 3 gens. while the forefoot is now great, heel really is a bit too loose. ankle cutouts also don't seem quite right... either not low enough, or too far back - in any case, uncomfortable rubbing/chafing. i realize everyone's foot is different, and this conceivably may fit some better than past versions... but one would still expect consistencies across generations of the same shoe - else you'll be losing existing customers.reviewed by 24 customerssort bynewestoldesthighest ratinglowest ratingmost helpfulleast helpfuldisplaying reviews 1-5back to topprevious | next »1/1/2015 4.0great shoe a little bulky by stevenrunsfrom abilene, texasabout me avid athleteproscomfortablecushions impactstableconsbulkyheavybest usesroad racingcomments about adrenaline gts 15:my first pair of shoes were the 14's and i loved them. bought these and they are great as well. the ride is so smooth and comfortable with these as if your running on clouds. i jokingly call them the cadillacs because of how comforting the ride is. i squeezed about 450 miles out of my 14's and hope to get similar mileage out of these as well. only reason i gave the shoe 4 stars was because i feel they are a little bulky compared to the previous model but, thats just me. they are a little stiff but no biggie nothing that totally turns me away. they are also on the heavy side but then again they are support shoes. would definitely recommend this shoe to someone looking for cushioned ride with great stability. other than that no complaints another great shoe from brooks.sizing:feels true to sizewidth:feels true to widtharch type:low archwas this a gift?:nobottom line yes, i would recommend this to a friendwas this review helpful? yes / no - you may also flag this reviewcomment on this review1/1/2015 1.0disappointing upgrade by davefrom queens, nycabout me avid athleteproscushions impactdurablegood arch supportgood tractionconsnarrow / tightpresses big toe knuckleuncomfortablebest usesendurance trainingwalkingcomments about adrenaline gts 15:i have worn brooks adrenalines for nearly 10 years and have used them to train for marathons. historically, the adrenalines have been worth every penny--durable, light, good fit, etc. something changed in this generation of the shoe. it presses tightly on my big toe knuckles--on both the right and left feet. wore them twice to run in and i can't wear them anymore. they just hurt too much. for the record, i got a half size larger and a 2e width on top of that! very disappointing as i asked that they be given to me as as a gift because i knew that they'd always fit. it's puzzling. try these out in a store before you buy them on line. i hope brooks goes back to previous generations. i would not consider this an upgrade.sizing:feels half size too smallwidth:feels too narrowarch type:average archwas this a gift?:yesbottom line no, i would not recommend this to a friendwas this review helpful? yes / no - you may also flag this reviewcomment on this review12/30/2014 1.0big change from previous version by exercise is greatfrom west coastabout me gym ratprosconspoor cushioninguncomfortablebest usescomments about adrenaline gts 15:i've owned numerous pairs of adrenalines (gts 13 & 14) over last two years and loved them. picked up gts 15 in typical size last month and shoes were too short. went up half size and shoes did not feel comfortable. tried to work out in them and got foot pain. i returned the shoes. i'm not sure what happened to these previously great shoes but i hope the gts 16 is improved in fit and comfort. i'm using the gts 14 for now and looking at other shoes.sizing:feels half size too smallwidth:feels true to widtharch type:average archwas this a gift?:nobottom line no, i would not recommend this to a friendwas this review helpful? yes / no - you may also flag this reviewcomment on this review12/28/2014 4.0i would by this again by haledogfrom saint joseph, moabout me avid athleteproscomfortablepronation controlresponsiveconsbest usesdry weathercomments about adrenaline gts 15:feels goodsizing:feels true to sizewidth:feels true to widtharch type:average archwas this a gift?:nobottom line yes, i would recommend this to a friendwas this review helpful? yes / no - you may also flag this reviewcomment on this review12/27/2014 5.0always a christmas gift by gifterfrom washingtonprosconsbest usescomments about adrenaline gts 15:i have gifted my son with these shoes for years and he keeps asking for them so they must be the greatest.was this a gift?:yeswas this review helpful? yes / no - you may also flag this reviewcomment on this reviewdisplaying reviews 1-5back to topprevious | next » blog & community brooks blog press releases be a lab rat request a catalog customer service ask a brooks expert contact us order lookup returns & exchange shoe advisor fit & sizing shipping info faq the brooks guarantee return online purchases for up to 30 days (even if you sweat in 'em!) details a dealer near you shop local email signup get in the loop and register to win a free pair of brooks running shoes! go about brooks running responsibly supply chain careers shop local dealer support privacy policy interest based ads site map help signup for the newsletter © brooks sports, inc. 3400 stone way north, 5th floor, seattle, wa 98103 1-800-2-brooks terms of sale terms of use change region