来源URL: https://web.archive.org/web/20151228233204/http://www.brooksrunning.com/en_us/brooks-ghost-8-mens-running-shoes/110198.html
================================================================================

brooks men’s ghost 8 running shoes skip to content menu cart 0 my account log in register my orders help http://www.brooksrunning.com http://demandware.edgesuite.net/aaev_prd/on/demandware.static/-/sites/default/v1451390958891/images/logo.png 1-800-2-brooks mon-fri: 7am-5pm pst email and chat quick links shipping returns order lookup ask the community frequently asked questions order lookup shop local brooks running free shipping on all orders + free returns search free shipping on all orders + free returns women men sale shoe finder running tips join the conversation the run a place for runners to talk about running. share running tips and stories with the running community. log in / create account order lookup shop local running shoes shop all women's running shoes shop by experience cushionme soft & protective shoes. energizeme responsive & springy shoes. connectme lightweight & flexible shoes. propelme fast, low-profile shoes. support level neutral shoes support shoes more shoes trail running shoes spikes walking shoes sale best sellers adrenaline gts 16 ghost 8 glycerin 13 ravenna 7 not sure? use our shoe finder & we’ll serve up running shoes recommended just for you apparel running shirts bottoms sports bras jackets & vests running accessories sale collections gifts for women heritage collection high visibility running shoes shop all men's running shoes shop by experience cushionme soft & protective shoes. energizeme responsive & springy shoes. connect me lightweight & flexible shoes. propelme fast, low-profile shoes. support level neutral shoes support shoes more shoes trail running shoes spikes walking shoes sale best sellers adrenaline gts 16 ghost 8 glycerin 13 launch 2 not sure? use our shoe finder & we’ll serve up running shoes recommended just for you apparel running shirts shorts, pants, and tights jackets & vests accessories sale collections gifts for men heritage collection high visibility your browser's javascript functionality is turned off. please turn it on so that you can experience the full capabilities of this site. home men running shoes cushionme neutral ghost 8 men's ghost 8 balance, cushion, lightweight hover to zoom http://www.brooksrunning.com/en_us/brooks-ghost-8-mens-running-shoes/110198.html $120.00 $120.00 - $130.00 style #110198 the men's ghost 8 neutral running shoe provides just the right amount of soft cushioning for super-smooth runs. the engineered mesh upper offers improved fit and function, giving you structure where you need it and breathability where you want it. plus, the upper is now virtually seamless, giving you an even more comfortable, sock-like fit. it's been updated with a new full-length segmented crash pad for ultra-smooth heel-to-toe transitions while it still boasts omega flex grooves for optimized flexibility. biomogo dna in the midsole offers adaptive cushioning and responsiveness. it all comes together to make the ghost 8 a scary good ride. >> see the women's ghost 8 running shoes runner’s world is a registered trademark of rodale, inc. all rights reserved. color: 420 size size: 7.0 size: 7.5 size: 8.0 size: 8.5 size: 9.0 size: 9.5 size: 10.0 size: 10.5 size: 11.0 size: 11.5 size: 12.0 size: 12.5 size: 13.0 size: 14.0 size: 15.0 mens width width: normal width: narrow b width: wide 2e qty size chart overlay for click event add to cart true blue 90-day guarantee: take our gear for a trial run, and if you’re not 100% satisfied, return it within 90 days for free. free 2-day shipping + free returns chat now expert help hover to zoom ghost 8 features biomogo dna midsole provides adaptive cushioning full-length segmented crash pad allows smooth transitions omega flex grooves provide flexibility while maintaining cushioning new engineered mesh upper helps feet stay cooler and dryer great for road running ideal for medium to high arches weight 10.3 oz midsole drop 12mm technology 3d fit print using a revolutionary process that uses screen-print technology to apply engineered structure to the uppers of our shoes, it maintains the shoe structure with increased flexibility and lighter weight. dna midsole an innovative cushioning system that adapts to runners of all sizes and speeds, providing a custom ride. learn more dna midsole what is it? brooks dna is an innovative and uniquely adaptive cushioning system. by adapting to your specific weight, pace, gait and running surface, dna offers customized cushioning and adds a spring to your step. traditional cushioning takes a one-size-fits-all approach, but we know that each runner is different. brooks dna was developed to continuously tailor the level of cushioning to your specific needs – even as they change during the run. how does it work? brooks dna is made up of a highly viscous non-newtonian material or more simply put, a material that adapts to the specific force you apply to it. part of the brilliance is that this compound was engineered to perform at the molecular level (picture millions of resilient 'nanosprings'). if you looked at brooks dna through a microscope, you'd see that it's made up of individual molecules connected in strands. these strands (which form chains) react to the amount of force placed on the foot, dispersing pressure and providing resiliency. bottom line of this physics lesson: you get tailored cushioning that reacts to your specific weight, pace, gait, movement and running environment – "made-for-me" cushioning vs. "one size fits all." and, as with all good technology, we’ve taken it a step further (two steps actually): biomogo dna is dna technology blended with the biomogo midsole to provide adaptive cushioning throughout the midsole vs. just in the heel and forefoot. biomogo dna midsole includes an organic, non-toxic additive that biodegrades the midsole 50 times faster than traditional eva when it comes into contact with anaerobic landfill microbes (otherwise known as active, enclosed landfills). 30% more cushioning than standard midsole materials (gel or eva) twice as much energy return for more pep in your step great performance no matter your weight or running pace smoother transition from heel to toe specifications shoe category: cushion me arch: medium, high platform: universal platform dna layout: biomogo dna layout construction type: strobel surface: road/track launch date: june 1, 2015 weight: 10.3 oz midsole drop: 12 mm support level: neutral you might also like... reviews review snapshot®by powerreviewsghost 8 4.0(based on 19 reviews)ratings distribution5 stars (9)4 stars (5)3 stars (2)2 stars (2)1 stars (1)72% of respondents would recommend this to a friend.ratings distribution5 stars (9)4 stars (5)3 stars (2)2 stars (2)1 stars (1)proscomfortable (13)cushions impact (12)arch support (11)lightweight (11)responsive (10)constoo stiff (4)best usesdistance / endurance (12)dry conditions (10)gym (5)road running (3)walking (3)sizing:feels full size too small feels half size too small feels true to size 89% (17 reviews)feels half size too big feels full size too big width:feels too narrow feels true to width 84% (16 reviews)feels too wide arch type:average arch (12), high arch (7)reviewer profile:enthusiast (13), casual/ recreational (4)was this a gift?:no (19)write a reviewmost liked positive review i really wanted these to worki ran in these shoes 5x, hoping they would work out. the ranges were 5 - 7 miles per run. i had arch pain in my left foot on 3 of the 5...read complete reviewi ran in these shoes 5x, hoping they would work out. the ranges were 5 - 7 miles per run. i had arch pain in my left foot on 3 of the 5 runs and had to stop running. also, these shoes are stiffer and not as cushiony as i hoped they'd be. they are good looking shoes and i really wanted to support brooks, who is a sponsor of most of our local races in portland, or.vsmost liked negative review a step backwardsabout me: i am an avid runner and run marathons fall/winter. 6'-3" and 190lbs. i run 20 to 70 miles a week depending on training schedule.i...read complete reviewabout me: i am an avid runner and run marathons fall/winter. 6'-3" and 190lbs. i run 20 to 70 miles a week depending on training schedule.i bought the ghost 8's after a very enjoyable run of ghost 6's. i loved the ghost 6 and went thru 4 pairs over the past 2 years. in comparison, the ghost 8's have lost a lot of my favorite qualities in that line of shoes. the sole of the shoe feels dead compared to the lively/flexy/grippy sole of the ghost 6. the shoe feels heavier. the upper does not breath as well.i have change the use for this shoe and found a happy medium. it feels great on cinder and gravel trails where the solid and stable foot strike is welcomed on the loose surface. i might turn to this shoe again in the winter when snow and road surface is a bigger issue.for on the pavement and racing, i have changed to brooks launch 2 to get the feel of the ghost 6. super comfortable and responsive shoe.reviewed by 19 customerssort bynewestoldesthighest ratinglowest ratingmost helpfulleast helpfulclear all filtersdisplaying reviews 1-10back to topprevious | next »11/16/2015(3 of 3 customers found this review helpful) 1.0disappointed in change by mikefrom mansfield texasabout me avid athleteprosgood tractionlightweightconstoo stiffuncomfortablebest usesdry weatherendurance trainingcomments about ghost 8:i have always been an advocate of the ghost series for years. i've had multiple pairs of 5's 6's and 7's - i purchased 8's and had to return them after a few runs. i developed severe pain in the sides of both calves/shins (peroneus longus and brevis muscles)i have never had this sort of pain with any shoe, especially the ghost. i also spoke with a woman that tried to train through the same pain area with ghost had stop wearing them. i follow (a well know running magazines) reviews and the stiffness ranking from the 7s to the 8s almost doubled (from 47 to 95) and the stability went from 59 to 83. why would you do this to an award winning neutral cushion shoe that has so many loyal followers? you should have just changed the colors of the 7 and you would have kept a great shoe.sizing:feels true to sizewidth:feels true to widtharch type:average archwas this a gift?:nobottom line no, i would not recommend this to a friend(3 of 3 customers found this review helpful)was this review helpful? yes / no - you may also flag this reviewcomment on this review10/1/2015(0 of 2 customers found this review helpful) 5.0a company that sees balance physically by downhillerfrom boulder, coabout me casual/ recreationalproscomfortablecushions impactdurablegood arch supportgood tractionlightweightpronation controlresponsiveconsbest usesdry weathergymwalkingworkcomments about ghost 8:great pronationsizing:feels true to sizewidth:feels true to widtharch type:average archwas this a gift?:nobottom line yes, i would recommend this to a friend(0 of 2 customers found this review helpful)was this review helpful? yes / no - you may also flag this reviewcomment on this review9/13/2015(7 of 7 customers found this review helpful) 2.0a step backwards by nick10025from new york cityabout me avid athleteprosdurablegood arch supportgood tractionconsheavynarrow / tighttoo stiffbest usesdry weatherendurance trainingwet weathercomments about ghost 8:about me: i am an avid runner and run marathons fall/winter. 6'-3" and 190lbs. i run 20 to 70 miles a week depending on training schedule.i bought the ghost 8's after a very enjoyable run of ghost 6's. i loved the ghost 6 and went thru 4 pairs over the past 2 years. in comparison, the ghost 8's have lost a lot of my favorite qualities in that line of shoes. the sole of the shoe feels dead compared to the lively/flexy/grippy sole of the ghost 6. the shoe feels heavier. the upper does not breath as well.i have change the use for this shoe and found a happy medium. it feels great on cinder and gravel trails where the solid and stable foot strike is welcomed on the loose surface. i might turn to this shoe again in the winter when snow and road surface is a bigger issue.for on the pavement and racing, i have changed to brooks launch 2 to get the feel of the ghost 6. super comfortable and responsive shoe.sizing:feels half size too smallwidth:feels too narrowarch type:average archwas this a gift?:nobottom line no, i would not recommend this to a friend(7 of 7 customers found this review helpful)was this review helpful? yes / no - you may also flag this reviewcomment on this review9/10/2015(2 of 3 customers found this review helpful) 5.0best pair of shoes i own. no, i'm serious. by c the leb man swamp runner guy dudefrom baton rouge, laabout me avid athleteprosbest shoe ever madecomfortabledurablefair pricegood arch supportlightweightlooksresponsiveconsneed more color optionsbest usesdry weatherendurance trainingevery day shoegymlight trail runningroad runningsidewalk runningwalkingworkcomments about ghost 8:i've been running in / wearing the nb 990v3, nb fresh foam boracay, and mizuno wave creation 15. i thought how could shoes get any better? well they do ladies / gentlemen and they're called the brooks ghost 8. the gray / green combo is a stunning shoe to look at, wear, and run in. the comfort is unreal, especially if you have a high arch. it feels like i'm not wearing shoes at all, but have some sort of ghost cloud devices installed into my feet. to make a sad story short.. i had my brooks infiniti for 4 years before i lost them on a hiking trip. i loved those things to death and needed a pair to fill the void. these shoes make my feet very happy and i would recommend to almost anyone.. if you have a lower arch you may like the gts 15 better, but hey try them both on and see. my only complaint is make more colors available like the gray / green so i can buy more! bottom line, buy these shoes today etc.sizing:feels true to sizewidth:feels true to widtharch type:high archwas this a gift?:nobottom line yes, i would recommend this to a friend(2 of 3 customers found this review helpful)was this review helpful? yes / no - you may also flag this reviewcomment on this review8/5/2015(7 of 7 customers found this review helpful) 4.0i really wanted these to work by kris g in pdxfrom portland, orabout me avid athleteproscushioned uppernice colorspadded tonguereasonably pricedconspoor arch supporttoo stiffbest usesroad runningcomments about ghost 8:i ran in these shoes 5x, hoping they would work out. the ranges were 5 - 7 miles per run. i had arch pain in my left foot on 3 of the 5 runs and had to stop running. also, these shoes are stiffer and not as cushiony as i hoped they'd be. they are good looking shoes and i really wanted to support brooks, who is a sponsor of most of our local races in portland, or.sizing:feels half size too smallwidth:feels true to widtharch type:high archwas this a gift?:nobottom line no, i would not recommend this to a friend(7 of 7 customers found this review helpful)was this review helpful? yes / no - you may also flag this reviewcomment on this review8/5/2015(1 of 4 customers found this review helpful) 5.0run off into the sunset by run for speedfrom dallas, txabout me avid athleteproscomfortablecushions impactdurablegood arch supportgood tractionlightweightresponsiveconsbest usesdry weatherendurance trainingwet weathercomments about ghost 8:i originally got the ghost 8 to be a long run shoe when i wanted rest from my puredrift, but this shoe has surprised me in so many ways. it's very soft yet supportive. great responsiveness and enough where they can be used on the track for longer speed workouts. all in all, a pretty phenomenal shoe for almost any run distance, pace or surface.sizing:feels true to sizewidth:feels true to widtharch type:average archwas this a gift?:nobottom line yes, i would recommend this to a friendimages shared by run for speedaurora sunset(1 of 4 customers found this review helpful)was this review helpful? yes / no - you may also flag this reviewcomment on this review7/31/2015(0 of 4 customers found this review helpful) 4.0great shoe, early signs of wear by wsffrom ogden, utabout me gym ratproscomfortablecushions impactgood arch supportgood tractionlightweightresponsiveconswears quicklybest usesdry weatherendurance trainingcomments about ghost 8:i bought these shoes to transition out of a more cushioned brand, as those were causing hip issues for me. a friend at a local running store recommended these given my plus sizing.i fell in love with them at the store, and took them to the roads quickly. they have about 150 miles on them, so i thought it was time for a review. the shoes have excellent grip for road conditions, and are comfortable for longer runs, while still giving me enough road feel to not worry about trips and falls. i love the responsiveness, and feel really gripped to the road.now here's the thing. i am a mid-foot striker. and after the first 90 miles or so, i already started to see wear in that area. i am over 100 miles in, and it is pretty worn down. having said that, they still grip very well, and their performance has not diminished. i was just shocked as i have not seen that amount of wear in my other shoes in less than 100 miles. i still think it is an excellent shoe. and i would highly recommend them. in fact, my next pair are going to be ghost's as well. i am just hoping to get another 200 miles out this pair first.sizing:feels true to sizewidth:feels true to widtharch type:average archwas this a gift?:nobottom line yes, i would recommend this to a friend(0 of 4 customers found this review helpful)was this review helpful? yes / no - you may also flag this reviewcomment on this review7/24/2015(2 of 3 customers found this review helpful) 3.0causing heel blister by hurting in georgiafrom peachtree city, gaabout me avid athleteproscushions impactgood tractionlightweightresponsiveconsuncomfortablebest usesdry weatherendurance trainingwalkingwith orthotics/insertscomments about ghost 8:i have been wearing the brooks ghost line for years (ghost 5, 6, 7), and was excited to get my hands on the ghost 8 about two weeks ago. i have never had a problem with any ghost shoe before, but this model has created a good sized blister on my left heel. did something changed that i wasn't aware of? if so, why change one of (if not) the best and most popular running shoe out there? this is frustrating!sizing:feels true to sizewidth:feels true to widtharch type:average archwas this a gift?:no(2 of 3 customers found this review helpful)was this review helpful? yes / no - you may also flag this reviewcomment on this review7/14/2015(3 of 5 customers found this review helpful) 5.0great shoe and worth the price by nk_raiderfrom north kingstown rhode island usaabout me avid athleteproscomfortablecushions impactfeels tight at firstgood arch supportgood tractionlightweightpronation controlresponsiveconsbest usescomments about ghost 8:i run 35-40 miles a week, 6 days outside in northeast usa. great shoe. felt tight at first but wore them for 9 holes of golf and broke in great. light, great control.little pricy but worth it. i will never go back to new balance again.sizing:feels true to sizewidth:feels too narrowarch type:average archwas this a gift?:nobottom line yes, i would recommend this to a friend(3 of 5 customers found this review helpful)was this review helpful? yes / no - you may also flag this reviewcomment on this review7/12/2015(2 of 4 customers found this review helpful) 3.0changes in the sole by csm bfrom clarksville tnabout me avid athleteprosdurableconspoor stabilitytoo stiffbest usesgymcomments about ghost 8:the soles of this shoe are different when compared to the 7. feels like too much sole. the 7s seem more flexible, lighter. i bought these and went back and ordered two pairs of 7s before stock runs out in hopes they go back to the 7 sole design on the ghost 9sizing:feels true to sizewidth:feels true to widtharch type:average archwas this a gift?:nobottom line no, i would not recommend this to a friend(2 of 4 customers found this review helpful)was this review helpful? yes / no - you may also flag this reviewcomment on this reviewdisplaying reviews 1-10back to topprevious | next » quick help contact us shoe finder size charts faq request a catalog unsubscribe from catalog true blue guarantee ask the community your orders track your order initiate free return shipping info returns & exchanges defective product claim blog & community blog join the run product testing meet brooks about us technology events athletes programs careers press releases stride signature email signup get in the loop and register to win a free pair of brooks running shoes! go running responsibly supply chain shop local dealer support privacy policy interest based ads site map help signup for the newsletter © brooks sports, inc. 3400 stone way north, suite 500, seattle, wa 98103 1-800-2-brooks terms of sale terms of use change region