来源URL: https://web.archive.org/web/20181221182551/https://www.brooksrunning.com/en_us/meet-brooks/technology
================================================================================

technology | brooks running caret-black caret-sm-black caret-sm-white checklist arrow-circle thumb_icon icon-questions bra-icon star star-half review-icon grid-view-icon list-view-icon circle-drag ] skip to content running shoes and apparel by brooks running free shipping. free returns. unlimited sweating for 90 days. customer care customer care true blue guarantee customer care track your order customer care shipping info customer care contact & support returns center find a store my account shoes shoes women road trail track and competition walking sale view all men road trail track and competition walking sale view all your run style is as unique as you are. use our shoe finder to find your match. use our shoe finder apparel apparel women tops bottoms outerwear accessories sale view all men tops bottoms outerwear accessories sale view all sports bras sports bras high impact medium impact low impact sale view all our sports bras are designed to move with you comfortably, regardless of shape or size. find your perfect sports bra view the fit guide collections collections new arrivals special edition running shoes best sellers gear up for the weather training gear 4 under $40 sports bras valentine's day view all meet brooks meet brooks our purpose our history our company careers technology personalized footwear social good corporate responsibility community community special olympics usa games events our athletes inspiring coaches brooks pro blog search free shipping. free returns. unlimited sweating for 90 days. shop shoes apparel sports bras collections our company meet brooks community customer care true blue guarantee track your order shipping info contact & support services customer care returns center find a store my account change region women men women men road trail track and competition walking sale view all road trail track and competition walking sale view all tops bottoms outerwear accessories sale view all tops bottoms outerwear accessories sale view all high impact medium impact low impact sale view all new arrivals special edition running shoes best sellers gear up for the weather training gear 4 under $40 sports bras valentine's day view all our purpose our history our company careers technology personalized footwear social good corporate responsibility special olympics usa games events our athletes inspiring coaches brooks pro blog your run style is as unique as you are. use our shoe finder to find your match. use our shoe finder our sports bras are designed to move with you comfortably, regardless of shape or size. find your perfect sports bra view the fit guide search search your browser's javascript functionality is turned off. please turn it on so that you can experience the full capabilities of this site. technology at brooks, we take running and running technology pretty seriously. our specialized high-tech features are what really set our running shoes apart. footwear running is all we think about. all of our running shoes are designed and built with smart technologies to give you the right fit and function on every run. 3d fit print using a revolutionary process that uses screen-print technology to apply engineered structure to the uppers of our shoes, it maintains the shoe structure with increased flexibility and lighter weight. 3d hex lugs aggressive 3d hex lugs on the outsole provide maximum grip and the ballistic rock shield protects your foot from trail hazards. ballistic rock shield toughened thermoplastic eva sheath between the outsole and midsole protects the forefoot by spreading out point loads from sharp objects. dna midsole an innovative cushioning system that adapts to runners of all sizes and speeds, providing a custom ride. learn more guide rails midsole construction that helps your hips, knees and joints move in their unique motion path. learn more ideal pressure zones distribute pressure evenly under your foot, transforming your run into a more comfortable and effortless ride. learn more nightlife products that will make a runner visible in all lighting conditions while ensuring they're recognized as humans (and not a traffic cone). learn more rounded heel the slight curve of the heel aligns force through the center of your ankle joint, reducing internal stress on your body. learn more segmented crash pad made up of fully-integrated shock absorbers to provide cushion and smooth heel-to-toe transition, maximizing the efficiency of every stride. learn more super dna an adaptable midsole material that offers increased cushioning while providing peak energy return and support. learn more dna midsole what is it? brooks dna is an innovative and uniquely adaptive cushioning system. by adapting to your specific weight, pace, gait and running surface, dna offers customized cushioning and adds a spring to your step. traditional cushioning takes a one-size-fits-all approach, but we know that each runner is different. brooks dna was developed to continuously tailor the level of cushioning to your specific needs – even as they change during the run. how does it work? brooks dna is made up of a non-newtonian material or more simply put, a material that adapts to the specific force you apply to it. part of the brilliance is that this compound was engineered to perform at the molecular level (picture millions of resilient 'nanosprings'). if you looked at brooks dna through a microscope, you'd see that it's made up of individual molecules connected in strands. these strands (which form chains) react to the amount of force placed on the foot, dispersing pressure and providing resiliency. bottom line of this physics lesson: you get tailored cushioning that reacts to your specific weight, pace, gait, movement and running environment – "made-for-me" cushioning vs. "one size fits all." and, as with all good technology, we’ve taken it a step further (two steps actually): biomogo dna is dna technology blended with the biomogo midsole to provide adaptive cushioning throughout the midsole vs. just in the heel and forefoot. biomogo dna midsole includes an organic, non-toxic additive that biodegrades the midsole 50 times faster than traditional eva when it comes into contact with anaerobic landfill microbes (otherwise known as active, enclosed landfills). 30% more cushioning than standard midsole materials (gel or eva) twice as much energy return for more pep in your step great performance no matter your weight or running pace smoother transition from heel to toe guide rails what is it? guide rails are built into the footwear midsole and revolutionize traditional stability technology found in running shoes. delivering on-demand support, guide rails allow your hips, knees and joints to move within their unique motion path while you run – all without traditional posts. this innovative new form of stability doesn't "correct" your stride. instead it assists your body in finding its natural path, or stride signature. how does it work? a good way to think about how guide rails work is to picture a bobsled track. as the bobsled rockets down the icy course, the crew works to guide it down the "line" – the ideal path through the course. the fastest times are achieved when the sled glides effortlessly down the course with limited side-to-side movement. now, let’s apply this to the runner. much like the bobsled, runners perform best when they stay within their personal "line" – what we like to call their natural habitual joint motion. guide rails are designed to do just this – help runners maintain the most efficient and natural motion throughout the run. ideal pressure zones what is it? ideal pressure zones distribute pressure evenly under your foot, transforming your run into a more comfortable and effortless ride from heel to forefoot. how does it work? when we take a step back to examine how runners run, we recognize that the highest amount of impact happens as you propel yourself forward. knowing that this is the moment of highest impact, we’ve reshaped the outsole to disperse pressure evenly throughout your whole foot -- from heel to mid-foot to forefoot. this means that impact is no longer felt in just one area of the foot which could cause “hot spots” (places that rub or cause pain throughout the run) but is instead dispersed evenly across the entire foot, leading to a smoother, float-like transition as you glide through your run. ideal pressure zones work in conjunction with our other shoe technologies to help runners maintain their most efficient and natural motion throughout the run. nightlife what is it? we combined our experience in retroreflective, fluorescence and contrast with new research findings on eye function, cognitive science and direction perception, shifting the conversation from one about "visibility" to one about "recognition". by doing so, we were able to strategically rearrange these technologies to create a silhouette of a runner in motion. this helps ensure the brain recognizes what it’s seeing as a person and not a static object – like a traffic cone. how does it work? while some reflective running gear focuses on visibility, recognition is the key to nightlife products. while nightlife products do make a runner visible in all lighting conditions, they also ensure runners are recognized as humans in motion. brooks was one of the first technical brands to offer runners a high-visibility collection that helped keep them safe while running in low light and nighttime conditions. the focus was on: fluorescent colors: fluorescent colors reflect or absorb colors in the visible spectrum, but that extra glow in fluorescent colors comes from ultraviolet light, which humans don’t see. ultraviolet light, or uv, is just beyond visible violet in the spectrum. fluorescent dyes turn invisible energy into visible light, making them visible to the human eye. retroreflectivity: a retroreflective is a device or surface that reflects light back with minimum scattering of light, directly impacting the distance at which the device or surface can be seen. rounded heel what is it? “rounded heel” is just a fancy name that we like to use for the rounded and reduced heel on our shoes. the slight curvature in the heel vastly improves the alignment of your body, encouraging a more efficient stride. how does it work? it’s really quite simple. the curvature in the heel works to align the body by shifting the contact point forward. as you hit the ground there is a greater clearance distance under the middle of your heel, which aligns force through the center of your ankle, thus reducing internal stress on your body. segmented crash pad what is it? the segmented crash pad customizes your foot's lay-down to provide amazing cushion and smooth heel-to-toe transition throughout the run. how does it work? we know that a key component of maximizing your run is to provide the smoothest possible heel-to-toe transition. the segmented crash pad is one technology we use to achieve this goal. shaped like a caterpillar, the segmented crash pad is a midsole made up of independent, yet fully integrated shock absorbers. as your foot strikes the ground, the segments work together to customize your individual lay down to provide the right amount of cushion and seamless heel-to-toe transition for you – making the most of all that effort you put into each stride. super dna what is it? an adaptable midsole material that combines plushness with adaptability and provides 25% more cushioning than biomogo dna. traditional cushioning takes a one-size-fits-all approach, but we know that each runner is different. super dna was developed to continuously tailor the level of cushioning to your specific needs – even as they change during the run. how does it work? super dna is made up of a highly viscous non-newtonian material or more simply put, a material that adapts to the specific force you apply to it. part of the brilliance is that this compound was engineered to perform at the molecular level (picture millions of resilient 'nanosprings'). if you looked at super dna through a microscope, you’d see that it's made up of individual molecules connected in strands. these strands (which form chains) react to the amount of force placed on the foot, dispersing pressure and providing resiliency. bottom line of this physics lesson: you get tailored cushioning that reacts to your specific weight, pace, gait, movement and running environment – "made-for-me" cushioning vs. "one size fits all." and, as with all good technology, we’ve taken it a step further: super dna is our latest stop on the dna journey. introduced with the transcend and now found in the glycerin, super dna combines the adaptability of dna and adds 25% more cushioning than biomogo dna while still maintaining the same energy return and biodegradable properties. essentially you get the best of both worlds – adaptability and ultimate cushioning. other benefits include: significantly more cushioning than standard midsole materials increased energy-return for more pep in your step great performance no matter your weight or running pace smoother transition from heel to toe apparel all of our running apparel is designed by runners for runners using innovative, high-tech materials. our family of drilayer® fabrics lets you go all out with comfort and confidence. drilayer adapt the 360° stretch fabric adapts to its surroundings by comfortable hugging the body without restriction. its unparalleled recovery makes it ideal for well-fitting tights, plus the straps and bottom bands of our sports bras. drilayer bolt get noticed in low-light conditions with a flash of engineering brilliance. the look is striking, plus you'll be uniquely identifiable as a human on the run. drilayer burst the energy burst of a second wind smells like victory. thanks to the engineering of this inherently odor-resistant fabric, you will too. drilayer crush benefit from just enough pressure to crush your next adventure. graded compression offers increased blood flow and muscle support for improved performance. drilayer glide used in our socks, this durable, anti-abrasion fabric slips over surfaces with ease, and can travel long distances with no sign of blisters or chafing in sight. drilayer horsepower this fabric evokes the standard measure of power and for good reason. get the same giddy-up in places where you need a little extra oomph-like tights and sports bras. drilayer sheep-ish this wool blend isn't shy about giving us the best of everything naturally-temperature control, odor resistance, soft comfort, and unabashed good looks. drilayer steady if steady wins the race, this fabric is a champ. its thermoregulation capabilities will keep your body running comfortably at your favorite temp-regardless of forecast highs and lows. drilayer superseal our waterproof and windproof protection takes preparedness to new heights. gear made from this fabric serve as personal safe havens from any storm. drilayer turbine this windproof fabric is engineered to unlock your potential energy despite a little air turbulence. it may even hold the power to make all wind feel like a tailwind. take your gear for a 90-day trial run. if you're not 100% satisfied, return it to us for free. learn more learn more customer care true blue guarantee returns track your order shipping info contact & support shop women's shoes men's shoes women's apparel men's apparel sports bras offers egift cards fit & sizing shoe finder bra finder sports bra fit guide size charts meet brooks our purpose our history our company product development social good corporate responsibility careers press releases community special olympics usa games events our athletes inspiring coaches brooks pro blog catalog corporate sales sign up today for new arrivals, sales, and limited-edition releases. it's the next best thing to signing up yesterday. enter your email sign up twitter facebook instagram pinterest privacy terms accessibility statement supply chain transparency interest based ads fraud protection © 2019 brooks sports, inc