来源URL: https://web.archive.org/web/20191224061856/https://www.brooksrunning.com/en_us/meet-brooks/our-history/
================================================================================

brooks running - our history caret-black caret-sm-black caret-sm-white checklist arrow-circle thumb_icon icon-questions bra-icon star star-half review-icon grid-view-icon list-view-icon circle-drag ] icon-checkmark-nocircle icon-envelope skip to content running shoes and apparel by brooks running free shipping. orders will arrive in 5-7 business days. customer care customer care true blue guarantee customer care track your order customer care shipping info customer care contact & support returns center find a store my account running shoes women road trail racing flats & spikes walking sale view all men road trail racing flats & spikes walking sale view all featured shoe finder new arrivals best sellers adrenaline gts 20 levitate 3 special edition releases holiday gift guide run merry shoes apparel women tops bottoms outerwear accessories view all men tops bottoms outerwear accessories view all featured new arrivals best sellers holiday gift guide stocking stuffers cold weather run travel essentials training essentials nightlife sports bras impact level high impact medium impact low impact sale view all featured sports bra finder new arrivals best sellers holiday gift guide stocking stuffers training essentials holiday holiday sale women men gift guide this is brooks who we are our purpose our history our company careers social good corporate responsibility why we run inspiring stories brooks booster club inspiring coaches our athletes blog running innovation built for your run research and testing approach shoe technology personalized footwear gear technology bra engineering search your bag item value order subtotal (0 items) - view bag & check out continue shopping free shipping. orders will arrive in 5-7 business days. shop running shoes apparel sports bras holiday our company this is brooks customer care true blue guarantee track your order shipping info contact & support services returns center find a store my account change region women men featured women men featured impact level featured sale women men gift guide who we are why we run running innovation road trail racing flats & spikes walking sale view all road trail racing flats & spikes walking sale view all shoe finder new arrivals best sellers adrenaline gts 20 levitate 3 special edition releases holiday gift guide run merry shoes tops bottoms outerwear accessories view all tops bottoms outerwear accessories view all new arrivals best sellers holiday gift guide stocking stuffers cold weather run travel essentials training essentials nightlife high impact medium impact low impact sale view all sports bra finder new arrivals best sellers holiday gift guide stocking stuffers training essentials our purpose our history our company careers social good corporate responsibility inspiring stories brooks booster club inspiring coaches our athletes blog built for your run research and testing approach shoe technology personalized footwear gear technology bra engineering search search your browser's javascript functionality is turned off. please turn it on so that you can experience the full capabilities of this site. our history our start in footwear 1914 – 1971 rise of running 1972 – 2000 focus on the run 2001 – today 1914 bath and ballet shoes brooks begins in a small factory in philadelphia that makes ballet slippers and bathing shoes. while we can’t take much credit for revolutionizing the ballet or bath shoe industries, we remain just as committed to specialized gear for a specialized activity. 1921 baseball cleats we move into mainstream sports with the development of our first baseball cleats, which will go on to be worn by championship teams and famous athletes like mickey mantle. our past business was america’s favorite pastime. 1929 roller skates you know that little bumper on the front of your roller skates that sometimes, but not often enough, prevents you from crashing into parked cars? that's us. 1930 football cleats brooks makes one of its first innovations for serious athletes: natural bend arch support. it quickly becomes a favorite technology among players. another patent, lock tight, helps reduce injury by preventing cleats from coming off during the game. 1938 children's shoes many are surprised to learn we no longer make pint-sized ped-wear. at one point, we launched a line called “pedicraft” that was scientifically engineered for children. we eventually grew out of them, as did all the children who wore them. 1940 softball cleats brooks develops shoes with soft rubber cleats for softball. they become extremely popular, alongside an extensive and growing lineup that also includes ice skates, gym, bowling, basketball, baseball, soccer, boxing and wrestling shoes. 1962 a moment with mickey long before brooks could take part in major sports endorsements, then-ceo jerry turner made his way into the yankees' locker room with a box of brooks cleats under each arm. he asked roger maris and mickey mantle if they'd like to try them on. maris declined, but mantle tried them, loved them and bought both pairs with a check for $44. next: rise of running 1972 things change in munich it could be said that brooks' focus on running shoes actually began in 1972, when yale graduate frank shorter won the olympic marathon. running suddenly captivates the world’s attention. instead of making anything — from athletic shoes to combat boots — that would keep the factory turning, brooks starts to think about limiting its focus. 1974 villanova brooks begins its true commitment to innovation through runner insight by developing the villanova with feedback from olympic middle-distance runner marty liquori. the shoe puts brooks in a league with the other big names in running of the time. 1977 vantage brooks' first shoe to hit #1 in runner's world. in addition to developing the industry-first use of eva (which replaced slow-rebounding rubber in midsoles), the vantage features a removable sockliner that molds to the runner's foot and the varus wedge. president jimmy carter orders a pair. 1980 hugger gt despite its friendly name, the hugger gt is an aggressive step forward in running shoes. the innovative shoe is the first to feature a breathable gore-tex upper; it also features a heel-hugging side strap that makes your foot “a more biomechanically efficient (and less injury-prone) structure.” 1981 varus wedge rated the best running shoe in the world by running times, the brooks nighthawk features the varus wedge, which solves a big problem for runners by reducing overpronation. 1982 diagonal rollbar the chariot uses two different density foams instead of the varus wedge — a denser foam on the inside of the shoe to keep runners from rotating inward and toward the outside, softer eva to keep the shoe from tilting awkwardly for walkers. brooks calls this innovation the diagonal rollbar. the chariot also features an ultra-sturdy heel counter that wraps around the heel and extends to the ball of the foot. a third game-changer — a dual-density rubber outsole — features hard rubber on the edges for stability and softer rubber in the middle to absorb impact. 1987 kinetic wedge brooks releases a new cushioning technology designed to stabilize the forefoot: a piece of soft, flexible material under the ball of the foot. the kinetic wedge allows the foot to arch more naturally, reducing stress-related injuries. this development is said to be the first of several innovations that makes brooks for women the first shoes designed to be anatomically correct for women. 1989 hydroflow like a hydraulic shock absorber, hydroflow reacts uniquely to each runner’s weight and gait. this technology starts as a two-chambered system that moves silicone fluid from a rear chamber into a front chamber of the shoe with each heel strike and then springs back when the heel lifts. in 1991, hydroflow wins the american podiatric medical association seal of acceptance. later, hydroflow is improved to dampen impact by moving a silicone-oil compound from the center of the pad to the edges. 1992 beast brooks’ next big shoe takes motion control to a new level with improvements to the diagonal rollbar. doctors prescribe the beast for runners with shin splints and other injuries. the beast and the addiction (the “baby beast”) go on to become some of brooks’ most successful shoes. 1995 podular technology a new brooks concept makes the outsole more flexible than ever. instead of linear grooves, podular technology introduces pods on the outsole, allowing the shoe to bend in every direction. the innovation is now so common, it seems strange to think of it as revolutionary so recently. 1999 adrenaline gts 1 one of brooks’ all-time best sellers hits the market, marking brooks’ first big move into the fast-growing stability category. the adrenaline gts (go-to shoe) is developed through feedback from running retailers seeking a go-to shoe that was supportive but more flexible and responsive than the addiction. the adrenaline adds flexibility to the forefoot, smoother transitions from heel strike to toe-off and flex grooves that offer the right amount of support and traction, among other innovations. substance 257 brooks introduces another cushioning innovation. substance 257 was 25 percent rubber and 75 percent ethylene vinyl acetate (eva). this compound makes the midsole more durable and simultaneously cushy. next: focus on the run 2001 full commitment to the run when you focus on what you do best, you do it even better. brooks enters the new millennium focused on one thing: running. we're proud of our heritage. we're grateful for all the wearers of brooks sporting goods over the years. but now we're singular in our pursuit. 2002 adrenaline gts 4 a new last "tunes" the fit, balance and ride of the adrenaline gts to perfection. the progressive diagonal rollbar is introduced, using triple-density foam contoured not only to prevent pronation from the outside in, but also to gradually guide the foot forward from heel strike to toe-off. these innovations lead the adrenaline gts 4 to runner's world's "best update" award and running network's "best renovation" gold medal; it also becomes brooks' best-selling shoe. 2006 mogo a whole new polymer-based substance represents a complete update to the industry standard eva foam midsole. mogo gives runners more cushioning, more rebound, more durability and more energy return. a more efficient and environmentally friendly compression-molded preform process cuts waste in half. 2007 biomogo brooks improves upon the revolutionary mogo midsole by making the world’s first fully biodegradable midsole cushioning material. tests show that biomogo breaks down 50x faster than eva, with the potential to save landfills nearly 30 million pounds of waste over a 20-year period. and then brooks does the unthinkable by freely sharing biomogo’s formula with the competition. 2011 pureproject while never adopting the "less is more" philosophy of the minimalist running boom, the pureproject line delivers a more biomechanically sound product in a lighter package. runner's world says in its review of the pureconnect that it "strikes a balance between barefoot-inspired minimalism and cushioning-required training ... it has a lightweight, barely-there feel yet is substantive enough to handle long tempo runs." 2013 transcend instead of trying to “correct” a runner’s gait, brooks embraces emerging biomechanics research that the “right way” to run is as individual as runners themselves. the transcend is the first shoe to feature guiderails technology. 2017 dna amp brooks launches its most responsive midsole ever, featuring technology that returns more energy to the runner than any shoe from leading competitors. dna amp absorbs the impact of the foot strike and returns it directly upward, so energy expelled by runners is translated back into longer, faster runs. 2018 dna loft the softest midsole ever created by brooks hits the market. with a balance of foam, air, and rubber that disperses impact away from the body, runners are offered a plush, comfortable ride without sacrificing responsiveness or durability. guiderails 2.0 brooks unveils a whole new approach to support technology that embraces the individuality inherent in each runner’s stride. guiderails are specialized plates that allow runners’ hips, knees and joints to move through their own unique habitual motion path, only intervening when the runner exceeds this zone. this holistic approach to support takes into account the natural coupling between the feet and the joints, recognizing that no shoe could hope to outsmart the human body. get to know us better we're proud of who we are and where we come from. read on to learn more. our company our purpose take your gear for a 90-day trial run. if you're not 100% satisfied, return it to us for free. learn more learn more customer care true blue guarantee returns track your order shipping info contact & support shop women's shoes men's shoes women's apparel men's apparel sports bras egift cards fit & sizing shoe finder bra finder sports bra fit guide size charts register my brooks meet brooks our purpose our history our company built for running research & testing approach shoe technology gear technology bra engineering careers social good corporate responsibility press releases community inspiring stories brooks booster club our athletes inspiring coaches blog catalog corporate sales sign up today for new arrivals, sales, and limited-edition releases. it's the next best thing to signing up yesterday. enter your email sign up twitter facebook instagram pinterest privacy terms accessibility statement supply chain transparency interest based ads fraud protection site map © 2019 brooks sports, inc