来源URL: https://web.archive.org/web/20101226165230/http://www.beachbody.com/category/fitness_programs/compare_fitness_programs.do
================================================================================

compare beachbody fitness programs beachbody® call now 1 (800) 207-0424 or order online. mon–fri 9 am–7 pm, sat–sun 10 am–6 pm et we ship worldwide. choose a product . . .beachbody home page------------------------------fitness products as seen on tv------------------------------p90x®insanity®brazil butt lift®slim in 6®10-minute trainer®turbo jam®hip hop abs®---------------------------more fitness programs---------------------------10-minute trainer® deluxe10-minute trainer®—more exciting productsbody gospel®brazil butt lift® deluxe upgradechalean extreme®chalean extreme® deluxe upgradechalean extreme®—more exciting productschalene johnson's get on the ball!get real with shaun t™great body guaranteed!™hip hop abs® ultimate results!hip hop abs®—more exciting productsho'ala ke kinoinsanity® deluxeinsanity® fast and furiouskathy smith's project:you! type 2™p90x:mc2™p90x one on one™p90x plus—the next levelp90x®—more exciting productspower 90®power 90® master seriespower 90®—more exciting productspower half hour®revabs®revabs®—more exciting productsrockin' body®shaun t's dance party seriesshaun t's fit kids™ clubslim series®slim series® expressslim in 6®—more exciting productstotal body solution™turbofire®turbo jam® fat burning eliteturbo jam® live!turbo jam®—more exciting productsyoga booty ballet® ab & butt makeoveryoga booty ballet® baby on the wayyoga booty ballet® master seriesyoga booty ballet® pure & simple yogayoga booty ballet®—more exciting products---------------------------nutrition & supplements---------------------------shakeology®2-day fast formula® shakeactivit® multivitaminscore cal-mag™core omega-3™core nutrition packherbal immune boostjoint support super formulameal replacement shakep90x® peak health formulap90x® peak performance protein barsp90x® results and recovery formulaperformance formulapure creatineslimming formulastrength & muscle men's formulatotal health women's formulawhey protein powder---------------------------fitness gear---------------------------ankle weightsbalance ballbeachbody backpackbeachbody squishy ballbeachbody t-shirts men'sbeachbody t-shirts women'sbands, balls & weightsbody fat testerbooty bandscore/yoga geardumbbell setheart rate monitor – bowflex® fit trainerheart rate monitor – bowflex® straplessheart rate monitor – bowflex® with chest strapp90x® gear p90x® chin-up barp90x® postersp90x® tanksp90x® t-shirts men'sp90x® t-shirts women'splyometrics matpush-up standsresistance bands—handlesresistance bands—individual resistance bands—standard kit resistance bands—super kit resistance bands—extreme kit resistance bands—complete kit resistance bands—upgrade kitsculpting bandstony horton's powerstands®turbo jam® gear turbo jam® tanks walking bandsweighted gloves yoga blocksyoga monster mat---------------------------diet and support tools---------------------------6-day express™ diet planchatroomsmessage boardsmichi's ladderteam beachbody® clubwowy® online gym homefitness programssupplementsgearsuccess storiesvideoscommunity & supportshopping cartsearch best sellersweight lossadvancedexpressabs/coredanceextreme resultscardio/fat burninggetting startedspecialty programscompare fitness programs best sellersmeal replacementmuscle enhancementp90x® peak performanceweight losswellness best sellersbands, balls & weightsp90x® gearturbo jam® gearcore/yoga gearfitness trackersbeachbody logo wear beachbody videosp90x® videosturbo jam® videosturbofire® videos10 minute trainer® videosp90x one on one™ videoschalean extreme® videosslim in 6® videoship hop abs® videosrockin' body® videos beachbody® newsletterp90x® extreme newsletterteam beachbody® loginjoin team beachbody® clubcoach destinationsmessage boardschat roomswowy® supergymcustomer supportcontact us best sellers weight loss advanced express abs/core dance extreme results cardio/fat burning getting started specialty programs compare fitness programs affiliate gift center compare fitness programsfind the best fitness program to fit your needs with our fitness comparison chart below. unfortunately your browser does not hava javascript capabilities which are required to exploit full functionality of our site. this could be the result of two possible scenarios: you are using an old web browser, in which case you should upgrade it to a newer version. we recommend the latest version of firefox. you have disabled javascript in you browser, in which case you will have to enable it to properly use our site. information on enabling javascript. our most popular, effective, and complete programs to help you achieve your fitness and weight loss goals. program trainer workout benefits how it works p90x® tony horton 45–60 minutes advanced total-body training program focused on abs, legs, chest, back, and arms. twelve routines that keep introducing new moves and challenging your muscles to get you absolutely ripped in 90 days. slim in 6® debbie siebers 25–50 minutes full-body slimming and toning focused on abs, thighs, buns, and hips. combines cardio with light resistance moves to burn fat and reshape your body in 6 weeks. brazil butt lift® leandro carvalho 10–50 minutes lift, firm, and reshape your butt. the triangle training method targets all three major muscles of the buttocks from multiple angles to shape and transform. 10-minute trainer® tony horton 10 minutes full-body workout in only 10 minutes a day. combines fat-burning cardio, total-body sculpting, and ab moves all at the same time for maximum efficiency! insanity® shaun t 30–60 minutes transform your body in 60 days with the most intense workout program ever put on dvd. max interval training—you perform long bursts of maximum-intensity exercise with short periods of rest. turbo jam® chalene johnson 20–45 minutes calorie burning and total-body sculpting focused on abs and thighs. kickboxing and body sculpting to the hottest tunes to burn more calories than almost any other exercise. hip hop abs® shaun t 25–45 minutes calorie-burning cardio and total-body sculpting focused on abs and core. fun hip hop dance moves set to hot music to burn fat and sculpt lean sexy abs. body gospel® donna richardson joyner 10–45 minutes calorie-burning cardio, core exercises, and strength training to tone and tighten your entire body. inspirational gospel music powers you through cardio and light resistance workouts to help burn fat and reshape your body. return to best sellers fitness programs these programs will help you burn off the pounds to reach your weight goal. program trainer workout benefits how it works slim in 6® debbie siebers 25–50 minutes full-body slimming and toning focused on abs, thighs, buns, and hips. combines cardio with light resistance moves to burn fat and reshape your body in 6 weeks. turbofire® chalene johnson 10–55 minutes burn up to 9x more fat and calories than with traditional cardio. high intensity interval training (hiit) ignites your metabolism and helps your body burn calories for up to 48 hours after your workout. brazil butt lift® leandro carvalho 10–50 minutes lift, firm, and reshape your butt. the triangle training method targets all three major muscles of the buttocks from multiple angles to shape and transform. brazil butt lift® deluxe leandro carvalho 10–50 minutes advanced fat-burning, muscle-sculpting workouts to help shape your perfect butt, plus resistance tools that accelerate your results. proven triangle training works the three major butt muscles to shape the perfect behind, without adding bulk to your thighs. turbo jam® chalene johnson 20–45 minutes calorie burning and total-body sculpting focused on abs and thighs. kickboxing and body sculpting to the hottest tunes to burn more calories than almost any other exercise. body gospel® donna richardson joyner 10–45 minutes calorie-burning cardio, core exercises, and strength training to tone and tighten your entire body. inspirational gospel music powers you through cardio and light resistance workouts to help burn fat and reshape your body. power 90® tony horton 35–45 minutes fat burning and total-body sculpting focused on abs, thighs, and upper body. 90-day boot camp featuring fast and effective circuit-training workouts to transform your body in as little as 35 minutes a day. rockin' body™ shaun t 15–45 minutes calorie-burning cardio and full-body sculpting moves. party off the pounds as you dance and sweat to the hottest hits of all time. hip hop abs® shaun t 25–45 minutes calorie-burning cardio and total-body sculpting focused on abs and core. fun hip hop dance moves set to hot music to burn fat and sculpt lean sexy abs. revabs® brett hoebel 15–45 minutes fat-burning cardio, muscle building, and sculpting focused on abs and core. abcentrics™, capoeira, cardio intervals, strength training, and ab/core work to sculpt, tighten, and tone your abs in 90 days. kathy smith's project:you! type 2™ kathy smith 20–60 minutes the first all-in-one, simple solution to help manage type 2 diabetes. helps prevent and control type 2 diabetes by providing an easy-to-follow, step-by-step nutrition plan and exercise program that works for all fitness levels! return to weight loss programs once you've completed a best sellers program and you're ready to take your results to the next level. program trainer workout benefits how it works insanity® shaun t 30–60 minutes transform your body in 60 days with the most intense workout program ever put on dvd. max interval training—you perform long bursts of maximum-intensity exercise with short periods of rest. turbofire® chalene johnson 10–55 minutes burn up to 9x more fat and calories than with traditional cardio. high intensity interval training (hiit) ignites your metabolism and helps your body burn calories for up to 48 hours after your workout. p90x® plus tony horton 20–45 minutes the next level of advanced total-body training to get you ripped beyond belief. intense new cardio, muscle chiseling, and ab-/core-ripping moves to incorporate with p90x to ramp up your results. chalean extreme® chalene johnson 30–45 minutes advanced circuit training program develops lean, sexy muscle to help you burn up to 60% of your body fat for overall body transformation. the proven 3-phase circuit training technique is guaranteed to give you results every 30 days—the more muscle you build, the more fat your burn because muscle burns fat®! slim series® express debbie siebers 35 minutes or less advanced body slimming and toning focused on abs, thighs, butt, and hips. combines intense cardio with greater resistance to continue slimming and toning your body in under 35 minutes a day. chalene johnson'sget on the ball! chalene johnson 45–60 minutes advanced cardio and total-body sculpting focused on abs, core, and obliques. innovative moves with the turbo ball force your core muscles to work harder for fast, effective body transformation. p90x one on one™ tony horton 20–40 minutes effective home workouts for every part of your body. every month, tony delivers his latest workout from his home to yours. hip hop abs® ultimate results shaun t 30–45 minutes advanced cardio and body-sculpting moves targeting abs and core. high-energy dance moves set to hip hop music for cardio, strength, and advanced ab sculpting. turbo jam® fat burning elite chalene johnson 30–50 minutes advanced kickboxing and body-sculpting moves focused on core, thighs, and upper body. more intense targeted workouts to maximize your fat-burning and sculpting results. yoga booty ballet® master series gillian marloth and teigh mcdonough 20–35 minutes advanced sculpting workouts focused on abs, thighs, and booty. yoga and pilates moves designed to target your abs and booty in special workouts for any time of day. power 90® master series tony horton 50 minutes advanced total-body workouts focused on core, legs, hips, and glutes. targeted, innovative new cardio and sculpting moves to get you lean and ripped in less time. return to advanced fitness programs for busy people who need to squeeze in an effective workout in 35 minutes or less. program trainer workout benefits how it works 10-minute trainer® tony horton 10 minutes full-body workout in only 10 minutes a day. combines fat-burning cardio, total-body sculpting, and ab moves all at the same time for maximum efficiency! slim series® express debbie siebers 35 minutes or less advanced body slimming and toning focused on abs, thighs, butt, and hips. combines intense cardio with greater resistance to continue slimming and toning your body in under 35 minutes a day. yoga booty ballet® master series gillian marloth and teigh mcdonough 20–35 minutes advanced sculpting workouts focused on abs, thighs, and booty. yoga and pilates moves designed to target your abs and booty in special workouts for any time of day. turbo jam® live! chalene johnson 30 minutes calorie burning and targeted body toning focused on abs and booty. live classes with fun dance-party feel for slimming and sculpting and rockin' results. power half hour® tony horton 30 minutes targeted body shaping focused on abs, arms, buns, and thighs. combines both cardio and targeted body sculpting for maximum results in just 30 minutes a day. great body guaranteed!™ tony horton and debbie siebers under 10 minutes targeted body shaping focused on abs, arms, buns, and thighs. each move targets a specific zone to tighten and tone in under 10 minutes a day. return to express fitness programs these programs will target your core to give you flat, amazing abs. program trainer workout benefits how it works revabs® brett hoebel 15–45 minutes fat-burning cardio, muscle building, and sculpting focused on abs and core. abcentrics™, capoeira, cardio intervals, strength training, and ab/core work to sculpt, tighten, and tone your abs in 90 days. hip hop abs® shaun t 25–45 minutes calorie-burning cardio and total-body sculpting focused on abs and core. fun hip hop dance moves set to hot music to burn fat and sculpt lean sexy abs. turbo jam® chalene johnson 20–45 minutes calorie burning and total-body sculpting focused on abs and thighs. kickboxing and body sculpting to the hottest tunes to burn more calories than almost any other exercise. p90x® tony horton 45–60 minutes advanced total-body training program focused on abs, legs, chest, back, and arms. twelve routines that keep introducing new moves and challenging your muscles to get you absolutely ripped in 90 days. power 90® tony horton 35–45 minutes fat burning and total-body sculpting focused on abs, thighs, and upper body. 90-day boot camp featuring fast and effective circuit-training workouts to transform your body in as little as 35 minutes a day. yoga booty ballet® ab & butt makeover gillian marloth and teigh mcdonough 35 minutes calorie burning and full-body sculpting focused on abs and booty. combines ab-sculpting yoga, booty-lifting ballet, and fat-melting cardio for total-body results while targeting your core and lower body. great body guaranteed!™ tony horton and debbie siebers under 10 minutes targeted body shaping focused on abs, arms, buns, and thighs. each move targets a specific zone to tighten and tone in under 10 minutes a day. return to abs/core programs our best programs for dancing off the pounds and sculpting lean, sexy muscles. program trainer workout benefits how it works hip hop abs® shaun t 25–45 minutes calorie-burning cardio and total-body sculpting focused on abs and core. fun hip hop dance moves set to hot music to burn fat and sculpt lean sexy abs. brazil butt lift® leandro carvalho 10–50 minutes lift, firm, and reshape your butt. the triangle training method targets all three major muscles of the buttocks from multiple angles to shape and transform. shaun t's dance party series shaun t 30–40 minutes calorie-burning cardio and body-sculpting moves targeting abs and core. hot new dance moves and all-new music provide even more fun and challenging ways to party off the pounds and inches. hip hop abs® ultimate results shaun t 30–45 minutes advanced cardio and body-sculpting moves targeting abs and core. high-energy dance moves set to hip hop music for cardio, strength, and advanced ab sculpting. body gospel® donna richardson joyner 10–45 minutes calorie-burning cardio, core exercises, and strength training to tone and tighten your entire body. inspirational gospel music powers you through cardio and light resistance workouts to help burn fat and reshape your body. rockin' body™ shaun t 15–45 minutes calorie-burning cardio and full-body sculpting moves. party off the pounds as you dance and sweat to the hottest hits of all time. yoga booty ballet® ab & butt makeover gillian marloth and teigh mcdonough 35 minutes calorie burning and full-body sculpting focused on abs and booty. combines ab-sculpting yoga, booty-lifting ballet, and fat-melting cardio for total-body results while targeting your core and lower body. turbo jam® live! chalene johnson 30 minutes calorie burning and targeted body toning focused on abs and booty. live classes with fun dance-party feel for slimming and sculpting and rockin' results. return to dance fitness programs our most intense and challenging programs to get you absolutely ripped. program trainer workout benefits how it works insanity® shaun t 30–60 minutes transform your body in 60 days with the most intense workout program ever put on dvd. max interval training—you perform long bursts of maximum-intensity exercise with short periods of rest. p90x® tony horton 45–60 minutes advanced total-body training program focused on abs, legs, chest, back, and arms. twelve routines that keep introducing new moves and challenging your muscles to get you absolutely ripped in 90 days. p90x® plus tony horton 20–45 minutes the next level of advanced total-body training to get you ripped beyond belief. intense new cardio, muscle chiseling, and ab-/core-ripping moves to incorporate with p90x to ramp up your results. turbofire® chalene johnson 10–55 minutes burn up to 9x more fat and calories than with traditional cardio. high intensity interval training (hiit) ignites your metabolism and helps your body burn calories for up to 48 hours after your workout. revabs® brett hoebel 15–45 minutes fat-burning cardio, muscle building, and sculpting focused on abs and core. abcentrics™, capoeira, cardio intervals, strength training, and ab/core work to sculpt, tighten, and tone your abs in 90 days. chalean extreme® chalene johnson 30–45 minutes advanced circuit training program develops lean, sexy muscle to help you burn up to 60% of your body fat for overall body transformation. the proven 3-phase circuit training technique is guaranteed to give you results every 30 days—the more muscle you build, the more fat your burn because muscle burns fat®! slim series® debbie siebers 60+ minutes advanced body slimming and toning focused on abs, thighs, butt, and hips. combines intense cardio with greater resistance to continue slimming and toning your body. p90x one on one™ tony horton 20–40 minutes effective home workouts for every part of your body. every month, tony delivers his latest workout from his home to yours. chalean extreme® deluxe upgrade chalene johnson 30–45 minutes the next level of advanced circuit training workouts for mega-calorie burning. more challenging circuit training moves for intense cardio, abs, and interval-training to keep you in the fat-burning zone even longer. chalene johnson'sget on the ball! chalene johnson 45–60 minutes advanced cardio and total-body sculpting focused on abs, core, and obliques. innovative moves with the turbo ball force your core muscles to work harder for fast, effective body transformation. return to extreme results fitness programs our best cardio programs for accelerating your fat-burning results! program trainer workout benefits how it works insanity® shaun t 30–60 minutes transform your body in 60 days with the most intense workout program ever put on dvd. max interval training—you perform long bursts of maximum-intensity exercise with short periods of rest. turbofire® chalene johnson 10–55 minutes burn up to 9x more fat and calories than with traditional cardio. high intensity interval training (hiit) ignites your metabolism and helps your body burn calories for up to 48 hours after your workout. brazil butt lift® deluxe leandro carvalho 10–50 minutes advanced fat-burning, muscle-sculpting workouts to help shape your perfect butt, plus resistance tools that accelerate your results. proven triangle training works the three major butt muscles to shape the perfect behind, without adding bulk to your thighs. hip hop abs® shaun t 25–45 minutes calorie-burning cardio and total-body sculpting focused on abs and core. fun hip hop dance moves set to hot music to burn fat and sculpt lean sexy abs. body gospel® donna richardson joyner 10–45 minutes calorie-burning cardio, core exercises, and strength training to tone and tighten your entire body. inspirational gospel music powers you through cardio and light resistance workouts to help burn fat and reshape your body. revabs® brett hoebel 15–45 minutes fat-burning cardio, muscle building, and sculpting focused on abs and core. abcentrics™, capoeira, cardio intervals, strength training, and ab/core work to sculpt, tighten, and tone your abs in 90 days. turbo jam® chalene johnson 20–45 minutes calorie burning and total-body sculpting focused on abs and thighs. kickboxing and body sculpting to the hottest tunes to burn more calories than almost any other exercise. power 90® tony horton 35–45 minutes fat burning and total-body sculpting focused on abs, thighs, and upper body. 90-day boot camp featuring fast and effective circuit-training workouts to transform your body in as little as 35 minutes a day. p90x® plus tony horton 20–45 minutes the next level of advanced total-body training to get you ripped beyond belief. intense new cardio, muscle chiseling, and ab-/core-ripping moves to incorporate with p90x to ramp up your results. turbo jam® fat burning elite chalene johnson 30–50 minutes advanced kickboxing and body-sculpting moves focused on core, thighs, and upper body. more intense targeted workouts to maximize your fat-burning and sculpting results. rockin' body™ shaun t 15–45 minutes calorie-burning cardio and full-body sculpting moves. party off the pounds as you dance and sweat to the hottest hits of all time. return to cardio/fat burning programs designed to help people of all ages and fitness levels achieve their goals. program trainer workout benefits how it works turbo jam® chalene johnson 20–45 minutes calorie burning and total-body sculpting focused on abs and thighs. kickboxing and body sculpting to the hottest tunes to burn more calories than almost any other exercise. brazil butt lift® leandro carvalho 10–50 minutes lift, firm, and reshape your butt. the triangle training method targets all three major muscles of the buttocks from multiple angles to shape and transform. slim in 6® debbie siebers 25–50 minutes full-body slimming and toning focused on abs, thighs, buns, and hips. combines cardio with light resistance moves to burn fat and reshape your body in 6 weeks. rockin' body™ shaun t 15–45 minutes calorie-burning cardio and full-body sculpting moves. party off the pounds as you dance and sweat to the hottest hits of all time. power 90® tony horton 35–45 minutes fat burning and total-body sculpting focused on abs, thighs, and upper body. 90-day boot camp featuring fast and effective circuit-training workouts to transform your body in as little as 35 minutes a day. body gospel® donna richardson joyner 10–45 minutes calorie-burning cardio, core exercises, and strength training to tone and tighten your entire body. inspirational gospel music powers you through cardio and light resistance workouts to help burn fat and reshape your body. yoga booty ballet® ab & butt makeover gillian marloth and teigh mcdonough 35 minutes calorie burning and full-body sculpting focused on abs and booty. combines ab-sculpting yoga, booty-lifting ballet, and fat-melting cardio for total-body results while targeting your core and lower body. kathy smith's project:you! type 2™ kathy smith 20–60 minutes the first all-in-one, simple solution to help manage type 2 diabetes. helps prevent and control type 2 diabetes by providing an easy-to-follow, step-by-step nutrition plan and exercise program that works for all fitness levels! yoga booty ballet®pure & simple yoga gillian marloth clark 30 minutes increase flexibility and strength while relaxing your mind and body. no dancing or fancy choreography. just classic yoga poses with 3 levels, so you can start easy and continue to challenge yourself. return to getting started fitness programs workouts designed for younger people, older people, and people with special needs. program trainer workout benefits how it works body gospel® donna richardson joyner 10–45 minutes calorie-burning cardio, core exercises, and strength training to tone and tighten your entire body. inspirational gospel music powers you through cardio and light resistance workouts to help burn fat and reshape your body. kathy smith's project:you! type 2™ kathy smith 20–60 minutes the first all-in-one, simple solution to help manage type 2 diabetes. helps prevent and control type 2 diabetes by providing an easy-to-follow, step-by-step nutrition plan and exercise program that works for all fitness levels! total body solution™ debbie siebers 15 minutes help relieve pain in your neck, shoulders, core, lower back, and knees. these easy-to-follow drills will help relieve pain and prevent strain to get you back to your active lifestyle. get real withshaun t™ shaun t 25–30 minutes cardio and strength training for kids ages 9 and up. have a blast as you alternate daily cardio and strength training workouts to manage weight and fitness. fit kids® club shaun t 25 minutes fun workouts for kids 7 and up to burn calories and get fit. light cardio and fun choreography to get kids of all shapes and sizes up and moving. tony & the kids! tony horton 30 minutes fun and simple moves for kids 5 and up to improve their coordination, balance, and flexibility. combines stretching, hopping, jumping, kicking, and twisting to help burn off kids' excess energy. tony & the folks! tony horton 30 minutes low-impact exercise for anyone age 55 and up. a fun way to increase energy, reduce joint stiffness, and improve flexibility, strength, and balance. ho' ala ke kino tony horton 30 minutes improves flexibility and coordination, and invigorates your body while relaxing your mind. simple 30-minute yoga and stretching routine set on the tranquil beaches of hawaii. with trainer tony horton. return to specialty fitness programs secure online ordering fast 'n' easy checkout no-hassle returns friendly customer service free email newsletter special offers, tips, and tools! questions? click here to chat live with a customer service representative. home | about us | press | newsletters | message boards | customer service | live chat | my account | terms of use | privacy policy | site map | contact us | shopping cart results may vary. exercise and proper diet are necessary to achieve and maintain weight loss and muscle definition. © 2010 beachbody, llc. all rights reserved.