来源URL: https://web.archive.org/web/20101226165230/http://www.beachbody.com/product/about_us/press.do
================================================================================

beachbody press - fitness, nutrition, diet, weight loss official web site beachbody® call now 1 (800) 207-0424 or order online. mon–fri 9 am–7 pm, sat–sun 10 am–6 pm et we ship worldwide. choose a product . . .beachbody home page------------------------------fitness products as seen on tv------------------------------p90x®insanity®brazil butt lift®slim in 6®10-minute trainer®turbo jam®hip hop abs®---------------------------more fitness programs---------------------------10-minute trainer® deluxe10-minute trainer®—more exciting productsbody gospel®brazil butt lift® deluxe upgradechalean extreme®chalean extreme® deluxe upgradechalean extreme®—more exciting productschalene johnson's get on the ball!get real with shaun t™great body guaranteed!™hip hop abs® ultimate results!hip hop abs®—more exciting productsho'ala ke kinoinsanity® deluxeinsanity® fast and furiouskathy smith's project:you! type 2™p90x:mc2™p90x one on one™p90x plus—the next levelp90x®—more exciting productspower 90®power 90® master seriespower 90®—more exciting productspower half hour®revabs®revabs®—more exciting productsrockin' body®shaun t's dance party seriesshaun t's fit kids™ clubslim series®slim series® expressslim in 6®—more exciting productstotal body solution™turbofire®turbo jam® fat burning eliteturbo jam® live!turbo jam®—more exciting productsyoga booty ballet® ab & butt makeoveryoga booty ballet® baby on the wayyoga booty ballet® master seriesyoga booty ballet® pure & simple yogayoga booty ballet®—more exciting products---------------------------nutrition & supplements---------------------------shakeology®2-day fast formula® shakeactivit® multivitaminscore cal-mag™core omega-3™core nutrition packherbal immune boostjoint support super formulameal replacement shakep90x® peak health formulap90x® peak performance protein barsp90x® results and recovery formulaperformance formulapure creatineslimming formulastrength & muscle men's formulatotal health women's formulawhey protein powder---------------------------fitness gear---------------------------ankle weightsbalance ballbeachbody backpackbeachbody squishy ballbeachbody t-shirts men'sbeachbody t-shirts women'sbands, balls & weightsbody fat testerbooty bandscore/yoga geardumbbell setheart rate monitor – bowflex® fit trainerheart rate monitor – bowflex® straplessheart rate monitor – bowflex® with chest strapp90x® gear p90x® chin-up barp90x® postersp90x® tanksp90x® t-shirts men'sp90x® t-shirts women'splyometrics matpush-up standsresistance bands—handlesresistance bands—individual resistance bands—standard kit resistance bands—super kit resistance bands—extreme kit resistance bands—complete kit resistance bands—upgrade kitsculpting bandstony horton's powerstands®turbo jam® gear turbo jam® tanks walking bandsweighted gloves yoga blocksyoga monster mat---------------------------diet and support tools---------------------------6-day express™ diet planchatroomsmessage boardsmichi's ladderteam beachbody® clubwowy® online gym homefitness programssupplementsgearsuccess storiesvideoscommunity & supportshopping cartsearch best sellersweight lossadvancedexpressabs/coredanceextreme resultscardio/fat burninggetting startedspecialty programscompare fitness programs best sellersmeal replacementmuscle enhancementp90x® peak performanceweight losswellness best sellersbands, balls & weightsp90x® gearturbo jam® gearcore/yoga gearfitness trackersbeachbody logo wear beachbody videosp90x® videosturbo jam® videosturbofire® videos10 minute trainer® videosp90x one on one™ videoschalean extreme® videosslim in 6® videoship hop abs® videosrockin' body® videos beachbody® newsletterp90x® extreme newsletterteam beachbody® loginjoin team beachbody® clubcoach destinationsmessage boardschat roomswowy® supergymcustomer supportcontact us press tell a friend news media seeking information, resources, or interviews regarding beachbody and its products can contact our media bureau at:beachbody media bureau1-888-885-5671newsmedia@beachbody.com unfortunately your browser does not have javascript capabilities which are required to exploit full functionality of our site. this could be the result of two possible scenarios: you are using an old web browser, in which case you should upgrade it to a newer version. we recommend the latest version of firefox. you have disabled javascript in you browser, in which case you will have to enable it to properly use our site. information on enabling javascript. beachbody press in print "hot workout" star magazine, august 2010 p90x promises to take your body from average to ripped in just 90 days! the at-home exercise system features 12 dvds . . . more... "lean routines" us weekly, april 26, 2010 "i also did p90x [an exercise dvd set combining plyometrics, martial arts and yoga] with the espn guys on the road,". . . more... "we lost half our size!" people, january 11, 2010 find out how david keenan lost 180 pounds using beachbody products. more... "workout videos that make the grade" the advocate, september 2009 "i found creator-trainer tony horton very motivating throughout, which should help make even the biggest bum buff." more... "shockers & stunners" intouch weekly, july 27, 2009 demi moore, 46, has actually tweeted about using the p90x at-home exercise dvds to get in shape. more... "bodywatch" people, july 27, 2009 "her body," says stylist rachel zoe, who's pals with the actress, "is ridiculous!" to get it that way moore . . . has worked out to the p90x dvds . . . more... "celebrity tweet club" fitness magazine, june 2009 says demi moore, "i have only done the yoga dvd of p90x so far, and that kicked my a**!" more... "celebs' weird workouts" us weekly, january 12, 2009 poppy montgomery tells us of the dvd series [p90x] she used to shed 70 pounds of baby weight: "it’s incredible!" more... "how celebs stay fit on the road" us weekly, august 25, 2008 "eliza dushku (true lies, the new guy, buffy the vampire slayer) reveals that working out with turbo jam® and yoga booty ballet® keeps her fit on the road." more... "david akers gets a kick from new regimen" by matt gelbphiladelphia inquirer, august 4, 2008 "...he ended up dropping 20 pounds and 6 percent of his body fat. and his leg feels stronger. akers has made two 60-yard field goals, including one yesterday...first day of camp he nearly hit a 70-yard field goal...there's something to it, akers said of his new training technique. [p90x]" more...part ii "how much would you pay for your dream body?" by virginia sole-smithfitness, july 2008 "before weight 173. after weight 148. the workouts are super-challenging, so i never get bored. i had great arms and abs, and i'm psyched that i'm getting them back!" more... "tony: extreme" by mark ariel la health news july 2008 "celebrity fitness trainer tony horton on transforming your body from regular to ripped in 90 days." more... "how to get a hollywood body!" people, april 27, 2008 roselyn sanchez says, "i do fresh dining...and the dvd p90x—it's a 90-day program that transforms you." more... "lean up to tv" by lisa keysnew york post, april 22, 2008 the post reviews the top videos during its get fit by memorial day challenge. p90x and turbo jam are the only two to receive four out of four dumbbells more... "clothes call" by cora danielsmen's fitness, february 2008 "playing for bill parcells' new york giants in the '80s and '90s earned carl banks two super bowl rings...i love the power 90 workout." more... part ii "start fitness resolutions armed with dvds" times union, december 27, 2007 in turbo jam with chalene johnson, "the skinny: this five-dvd package comes with learn & burn, which introduces you to johnson's 'elite 11' moves..."in yoga booty ballet: a.m. latte and goddess abs, "the skinny: when you think of yoga, you likely think quiet, peaceful and graceful..." more... "a 90-day challenge: does tony horton deliver?" homegym, fall 2007 "…the results were overwhelmingly positive...after four weeks on the program, i almost didn’t recognize my own shoulders, doubled my original max on pull-ups, and, overall, felt more energy from the consistent workouts." more... "tilt, tuck and tighten" new york, november 5, 2007 "the workouts provide a good combination of core work, cardio, and resistance...i've lost a few pounds and my stomach is flatter..." more... "beachbody's turbo jam kit" woman's world, june 2006 "...you really will burn a lot of calories", says new york city trainer edward jackowski. more... "dvd of the month" shape, january 2006 kathy smith's project: you is the "fail-safe setup that removes all the guesswork from your workout and is appropriate for every fitness level." more... "10 best workout dvds" fitness, january 2006 in kathy smith's project: you, kathy "keeps the choreography simple and fun, while teaching correct form." in turbo jam's ab jam, "the jackknife crunches and squat leg lifts alone will give you the advantage you've been waiting for come bikini season." more... "on the move" scholastic news, march 2005 kids at one tennessee school take steps toward a lifetime of good health. more... "hot star workouts" us weekly, february 2005 "i feel like i'm starring in my own music video," [alison] munn tells us. more... "fitness must-haves for the new year: best at-home yoga kit" health & fitness, january 2005 straight from swerve studios in west hollywood, yoga workout tapes which encourage you to rev up your fitness program and awaken your inner goddess. more... "focus on gadgets: p90x" los angeles sports & fitness, october 2004 this in-home fitness program is the follow-up to the body transformation program power 90 from beachbody. more... "get it now: your best butt ever" fitness, october 2004 want to put a little lift in your levi's? we've got the workout for you! derived from the popular yoga booty ballet (ybb) class in los angeles, these seven exercises offer a challenging alternative to the typical gym standards and will shape up your rear view in no time. more... "body bonus: trim down all over" self, august 2004 the goal — your clothes are the first clue that your fitness level could use a kick in the too-tight pants. give your wardrobe new life by tailoring your body's trouble zones with this 10-move, top-to-bottom workout. more... "debbie siebers' slim in 6" oxygen, august 2004 get your bikini body in the comfort of your own living room and with the expertise of a 12-year high-profile trainer debbie siebers in this new extensive slim in 6 exercise plan. more... "yoga booty ballet" vingtaine, july 2004 more... (in japanese) "program challenges all fitness levels" roanoke times & world news, june 3, 2004 my latest fitness escapade ended last week. i started p90x, beachbody's newest program, on march 1. more... "body bonus: leg-slimming secrets" self, june 2004 groove on. the yoga booty ballet video slightly tweaks classic dance moves for major sculpting. "from average joe to slim sean" your diet, june 2004 he's ready to go back into the hot tub now. here, sean pashley shares the recipes that helped him lose 90 lbs. more... "yoga has something for all fitness levels" roanoke times & world news, april 22, 2004 "it's not a cult or a religion," tony horton says at the end of the new p90x yoga video. "it's just oms." more... beachbody press in tv spring shape-up challenge: p90x® fox & friends dave briggs interviews tony horton about the science of muscle confusion™. watch it... deal or dud: insanity fox 4 it's never too late in the season to have the perfect beach body, and the makers of "insanity" say they have the formula to fitness with no weights and no going to the gym. watch it... shaun t. does insanity on the tyra banks show tyra shaun t. showed his insanity non-stop power moves on the tyra banks show! watch it... are new intense exercise dvds right for you? kabc-tv los angeles there are many new exercise dvds on the market. which ones are the best? kabc-tv los angeles takes a look. watch it... brazil butt lift®: top 3 workouts of 2010 the view the view chose brazil butt lift as one of its favorite workouts for getting in shape and having fun while you do it! watch it... hip hop abs: get rock-hard abs the dr. oz show watch as shaun t shows dr. oz how to "tilt, tuck & tighten" his way to a healthier core. watch it... hip hop abs: ellen degeneres does hip hop abs the ellen degeneres show shaun t and ellen get busy as he shows her the latest hip hop moves to get great abs. watch it... p90x: nba stars jerry stackhouse and kenny smith on p90x nba-tv nba star jerry stackhouse of the milwaukee bucks uses p90x watch it... celebrity guide to summer: yoga booty ballet e! news special hollywood stars get ready for swimsuit season with ybb. watch it... tony horton dares you to "bring it" cnn cnn's kat carney has been following the making of p90x since last summer. watch kat and tony break the exclusive p90x story on cnn. watch it... debbie siebers on discovery health channel watch debbie siebers and six ordinary americans on the discovery health channel's national body challenge, a 12-week competition to lose weight and get in the best shape of their lives for the chance to win $10,000. watch it... losing it: beachbody customer dennis hill kwtv news 9 oklahoma watch it... beachbody success and reality tv contestant sean pashley nbc 10 philadelphia watch it... get fit in 90 days with power 90 cbs 2 los angeles watch it... beachbody press in web "fitness guru to the military: 'bring it'" by ed hornick cnn.com, july 16, 2010 as a fitness trainer, horton knows a thing or two about the demands of military service . . . more... "p90x has kicked our behinds and it should kick yours too" by brett smiley thehuffingtonpost.com, june 3, 2010 every night at 9 p.m., tony horton comes to my apartment to kick my behind . . . more... "60-day insanity workout brings muscles and more" by elizabeth pudwill chron.com, may 19, 2010 "it wasn't the first time i had seen this insanity infomercial, but it was the first time i wondered if the person on the screen could be me . . ." more... "cindy lange-kubick: beatrice woman with ms wins beach body contest" by cindy lange-kubickjournalstar.com, may 7, 2010 "if we say cammie lusk has a beach body, this column is going to sound an awful lot like a late-night infomercial..." more... "p90x creator gets congress in shape" by nikki schwab and tara palmeriwashintonexaminer.com, april, 22, 2010 ...p90x creator tony horton is a good judge of who can "bring it." more... "horton attends pols' p90x class" by patrick gavin politico.com, april 22, 2010 more... "how sheryl crow stays fit: the p90x workout" by donna raskin fitnessmagazine.com, february 2009 . . . sheryl crow used [p90x] to get superfit for this year’s grammy awards . . . more... "review: kathy smith's project you: type 2 from beachbody" by gail gedan spencer, weight loss examinerexaminer.com, february 12, 2009 "…it's a great, no-nonsense fitness program…" "…easy enough for beginners but can also keep intermediate exercisers sweating.""…a set of mix-and-match meal cards, which make the all-important meal planning a breeze.""…would make a thoughtful gift for a loved one who is new to the disease." more... "the fit 5: tips to feel (and look) like a star!" by karen j. quanpeople.com, january 22, 2009 "from how beyoncé gets her killer body to ellen and portia going vegan, get the scoop on how to look fab like the stars" more... "beating diabetes" woman's day magazine radio blogtalkradio.com, january 14, 2009 "barbara broday talks about beating diabetes. special guests: health and fitness expert kathy smith and dr. bergenstal from [the] american diabetes association [talk about how exercise and healthy eating can help fight diabetes]." listen... "hip hop abs with shaun t on onlinewithandrea" blogtalkradio.com, december 18, 2008 "hip hop abs creator shaun thompson and beachbody fitness director steve edwards go onlinewithandrea to give us tips on getting [a healthy body] and keeping it [healthy] all year long. hosted by andrea r. garrison." listen... "fitness celeb to kids: move, get smarter" by lisa munger journalstar.com, july 26, 2008 "before…saturday, horton brought his message to lincoln in person, to a group of kids." "kids are more sedentary and eat more junk than they used to," he said. "it has a tremendous effect on their brains." more... tony and the kids "rachel's naked ambitionwreck beach 'sans suit' no problem after months of fitness torture" by rachal satorontosun.com, july 13, 2008 "i swear at his image on the screen as he makes a one-handed push-up look so easy. but when i slip into a pair of once too-tight jeans, i want to hug him." more... "yoga booty ballet: 'goddess booty' with gillian marloth and teigh mcdonough" by leslie barrie savvymiss.com, june 2007 "i sit at a desk for eight hours every day, which has resulted in a fear that my booty will be completely flattened—pancake style—in a couple of years. read the article... "charms to soothe a savage ache" south florida sun-sentinel, october 18, 2006 my youngest daughter is a non-stop dancer. she twirls. she spins. she jumps to the rhythm of drumbeats playing inside her head. read the article... "get the jump on fitness" by kat carney cnn.com (cnn)—if you're looking to improve your tennis or basketball game, you may want to consider adding some plyometrics to your off-court training. read the article... beachbody press releases "the american diabetes association, fitness expert kathy smith and beachbody® join forces to combat type 2 diabetes" santa monica, calif., march 4, 2009 "the first and only combined all-in-one nutrition and dvd exercise program to help people with type 2 diabetes, reduce diabetes complications and help prevent the disease." multimedia news release with video content link download full press release in word "beachbody® launches one on one with tony horton" beverly hills, calif., july 7, 2008 "in honor of his 50th birthday, celebrity fitness trainer tony horton and beachbody.com have just released his next line of revolutionary fitness programs—one on one with tony horton. dubbed the 'master of motivation' horton is renowned for his highly successful fitness programs including power 90®, p90x®, and 10-minute trainer®." download full press release in word reviews be the first to write a review, opinion or comment. submit a review previous | next more about uscompany overviewabout our productsfitness expertsexecutive teampressteasers, trailers & clipsdownloadscareers at product partnersproduct submissionsprivacy policyterms of usecontact us beachbody newsletter diet, fitness, and support tools tailored to your fitness and weight loss goals. p90x extreme newsletter diet, fitness, and support tools designed for your extreme training program. email unsubscribe & support follow beachbody onlineconnect with beachbody, fans, coaches, and your favorite trainers!social mediabeachbodyp90xshakeologyteam beachbody game plan beachbodyp90xbeachbodybeachbodyblogscarl daikelerbeauty by beachbodysteve edwardstony hortonchalene johnsonmessage boards beachbody message boardsrss feeds (what is rss?)beachbody newsletterp90x extreme newslettershare this pagebookmark or share this page by emailing it to your friends, or adding it to your favorite networking sites! simply mouse over the share icon below for options. secure online ordering fast 'n' easy checkout no-hassle returns friendly customer service free email newsletter special offers, tips, and tools! questions? click here to chat live with a customer service representative. home | about us | press | newsletters | message boards | customer service | live chat | my account | terms of use | privacy policy | site map | contact us | shopping cart results may vary. exercise and proper diet are necessary to achieve and maintain weight loss and muscle definition. © 2010 beachbody, llc. all rights reserved.