来源URL: https://web.archive.org/web/20121215214111/http://www.beachbody.com/product/about_us/terms_of_use.do
================================================================================

beachbody terms of use - beachbody.com beachbody® call now 1 (800) 998-1681 or order online. we ship worldwide. available now — beachbody® egift cards choose a product . . . beachbody home page ------------------------------ fitness products as seen on tv ------------------------------ p90x® insanity® turbofire® brazil butt lift® slim in 6® 10-minute trainer® turbo jam® hip hop abs® --------------------------- more fitness programs --------------------------- 10-minute trainer® deluxe 10-minute trainer®—more exciting products body beast™ body beast™—more exciting products body gospel® body gospel® sweat & sculpt brazil butt lift® master series brazil butt lift® deluxe upgrade brazil butt lift® leandro's secret weapon workout chalean extreme® chalean extreme® deluxe upgrade chalean extreme®—more exciting products chalene johnson's get on the ball! get real with shaun t™ great body guaranteed!™ hip hop abs® extreme hip hop abs® ultimate results! hip hop abs®—more exciting products ho'ala ke kino insanity® deluxe insanity® fast and furious insanity: the asylum® vol. 1 insanity: the asylum® vol. 2 insanity: the asylum® vol. 2 pure contact kathy smith's project:you! type 2™ les mills combat les mills combat training gloves les mills combat 30: live les mills combat ultimate warrior dvds les mills pump les mills pump cross training deluxe p90x2™ p90x one on one® p90x plus—the next level p90x®—more exciting products power 90® power 90® master series power 90®—more exciting products power half hour® revabs®—more exciting products revabs®—the 4x4 rockin' body® shaun t's dance party series shaun t's fit kids™ club slim series® slim series® express slim in 6®—more exciting products tai cheng™ tai cheng™ body alignment for better living tai cheng™—more exciting products total body solution™ turbofire® turbofire® advanced classes turbofire® fire starter pack turbofire® keep on burnin' turbo jam® fat burning elite turbo jam® live! turbo jam®—more exciting products yoga booty ballet® ab & butt makeover yoga booty ballet® baby on the way yoga booty ballet® master series yoga booty ballet® pure & simple yoga yoga booty ballet®—more exciting products --------------------------- gift cards --------------------------- nutrition & supplements --------------------------- shakeology® 2-day fast formula® shake activit® multivitamins cordastra™ core cal-mag™ core omega-3™ core nutrition pack herbal immune boost joint support super formula meal replacement shake p90x® peak health formula p90x® peak performance protein bars p90x® results and recovery formula performance formula slimming formula strength & muscle men's formula whey protein powder --------------------------- fitness gear --------------------------- ankle weights 5lb adjustable ankle weights balance ball barbell weights barbell with speed safety clips beachbody jump mat beachbody t-shirts men's beachbody t-shirts women's bands, balls & weights body fat tester core/yoga gear dumbbell set heart rate monitor – bowflex® strapless heart rate monitor – bowflex® with chest strap insanity: the asylum™ gear les mills pump gear p90x® gear p90x2® gear p90x® chin-up bar p90x® chin-up max p90x® posters p90x® tanks p90x® t-shirts men's p90x® t-shirts women's plyometrics mat push-up stands resistance bands—handles resistance bands—individual resistance bands—standard kit resistance bands—super kit resistance bands—extreme kit resistance bands—complete kit resistance bands—upgrade kit sculpting bands speed safety clips step with 4 risers strength bands tai cheng™ foam roller tai cheng™ rumbleroller® tony horton's powerstands® turbo jam® gear turbo jam® tanks walking bands weighted gloves yoga blocks yoga monster mat --------------------------- diet and support tools --------------------------- 6-day express™ diet plan chatrooms message boards michi's ladder team beachbody® club beachbody challenge homefitness programssupplementsgearsuccess storiesvideoscommunity & supportshopping cart best sellersweight lossadvancedexpressabs/coredanceextreme resultscardio/fat burninggetting startedspecialty programscompare fitness programs best sellersmeal replacementmuscle enhancementp90x® peak performanceweight losswellness best sellersbands, balls & weightsp90x® gearp90x2® gearinsanity: the asylum® gear body beast™ gear les mills pump gear turbo jam® gearrevabs® gearcore/yoga gearfitness trackersbeachbody logo wear beachbody videosp90x® videosturbo jam® videosturbofire® videos10 minute trainer® videosp90x one on one™ videoschalean extreme® videosslim in 6® videoship hop abs® videosrockin' body® videos social communitybeachbody® newsletterp90x® newsletterteam beachbody® loginjoin team beachbody® clubcoach destinationsmessage boardschat roomsbeachbody challengecustomer supportcontact us terms of use tell a friend terms and conditions of sale please carefully read these terms of use and terms and conditions of sale (collectively with any amendments hereto, "terms and conditions"). by using this web site or any web site of beachbody, llc, and/or placing an order for beachbody, llc's, products or services, you agree to be bound by these terms and conditions and any amendments thereto, and agree that you are at least 13 years of age and eligible to use this site and place an order for beachbody's products and services. if you are 13 to 17 years of age, you must use this site and/or purchase and use beachbody's products or services only with the involvement of your parent or guardian. if you do not agree to the terms and conditions, please do not use the site or order or use beachbody's products or services. welcome to the web site of beachbody, llc (formerly product partners, llc), and its related sites, including, but not limited to, beachbody.com, beachbody.co.uk, teambeachbody.com, and beautybybeachbody.com, among others (the "site") (collectively with its wholly owned business units, including beachbody®, team beachbody®, and beauty by beachbody, "beachbody" or "us" or "we"). these terms and conditions govern and apply to your ("you" or "your") access to and use of this site and its related domains on which this document appears, any order you place through any of the beachbody web sites, and—as applicable—your use of other products or services of beachbody. you must read these terms and conditions carefully before placing an order, or using the site. by using the site, and/or placing an order through the site, you confirm that you have read, understood, and agree to these terms and conditions in their entirety. if you do not agree to these terms and conditions in their entirety, you must not order any product or service through or otherwise use the site. the terms and conditions may be changed in the future without further notice. your continued use of the site and/or other products or services of beachbody after any such changes constitutes your acceptance of the new terms and conditions. these terms and conditions apply to your access to, and use of, the site, any order you place through any of the beachbody web sites, and to all products and services we supply, produce, distribute, or market. to the extent of any express inconsistency with any other agreement you may have with beachbody for products, services, or otherwise, that other agreement shall prevail unless explicitly stated therein. if these terms and conditions refer or relate to a clause that is not part of that other agreement, then these terms shall apply therein as well, if you are a user of the site. if you register for our support center features, including, but not limited to, the message boards or beachbody support team, the supergym™, additional rules, policies, and disclaimers may apply. user conduct you must only use the site for lawful purposes, and you must not use it in a way that infringes the rights of anyone else or that restricts or inhibits anyone else's enjoyment of the site. you may not without our prior written consent: copy, reproduce, use, or otherwise deal with any content on the site; modify, distribute, or re-post any content on the site for any purpose; or use the content of the site for any commercial exploitation whatsoever. in using the site, you further agree: not to disrupt or interfere with the security of, or otherwise abuse, the site, or any services, system resources, accounts, servers, or networks connected to or accessible through the site or affiliated or linked sites; not to disrupt or interfere with any other user's enjoyment of the site or affiliated or linked web sites; not to upload, post, or otherwise transmit through or on the site any viruses or other harmful, disruptive, or destructive files; not to use, frame, or utilize framing techniques to enclose any beachbody trademark, logo, or other proprietary information (including the images found at the site, the content of any text, or the layout/design of any page or form contained on a page) without beachbody's express written consent; not to use meta tags or any other "hidden text" utilizing a beachbody name, trademark, or product name without beachbody's express written consent; not to deeplink to this site without beachbody's express written consent; not to create or use a false identity on this site, share your account information, or allow any person besides yourself to use your account to access the site; not to collect or store personal data about others; not to attempt to obtain unauthorized access to the site or portions of the site that are restricted from general access; not to post any material that is knowingly false and/or defamatory, inaccurate, abusive, vulgar, hateful, harassing, obscene, profane, sexually oriented, threatening, invasive of a person's privacy, or otherwise violative of any law. you also agree not to post any copyrighted material unless the copyright is owned by you or by beachbody; and to be bound by the product submission policies of beachbody, including that any product submission you may make to beachbody will not be held in confidence by beachbody, and is not proprietary, that beachbody may use the product submission and any aspect thereof for any purposes in beachbody's sole discretion, and that beachbody owes no duties or obligations with respect to you or the product submission made. in addition, you agree that you will comply with all applicable local, national, and international laws and regulations that relate to your use of or activities on this site. we will not be responsible, or liable to any third party, for the content or accuracy of any materials posted by you or any other user of the site. we have the right to remove any material or posting you make on the site if, in our opinion, such material does not comply with the content standards set out in these terms and conditions. privacy policy users of this site and/or other products or services of beachbody should refer to beachbody's privacy policy for information about how beachbody uses and collects information. you agree that beachbody may disclose your personal information to a third party if beachbody believes in good faith that the law or legal process requires it, to protect the rights or property of beachbody or others, or as otherwise described in the privacy policy. content uploaded to the site in the event that you upload any photographs, comments, video clips, or other media to the site (the "uploaded content"), beachbody has the exclusive right to use any and all such elements of the uploaded content in connection with and/or as part of its business, including in connection with and/or in any advertising in any and all media, including, without limitation, product packaging, printed publications, presentations, promotional materials, events and associated marketing materials, television and cinema commercials, videos, or web sites, in perpetuity throughout the world as beachbody in its sole discretion sees fit without further consent or payment. beachbody has all right, title, and interest in any and all results and proceeds from such use of the uploaded content. beachbody has the right to transfer the aforementioned rights to use the uploaded content to any third party, including, but not limited to, any of its subsidiaries or affiliated companies. beachbody may alter, adapt, or edit the uploaded content and any further material created under these terms and conditions, and market and exploit it entirely at beachbody's sole discretion. beachbody is not obliged to make any use of the uploaded content or exercise any of the rights granted by these terms and conditions. users of the site must only post uploaded content that is owned by, and features, themselves, and no other third parties. changes to the site beachbody may, in its sole discretion, terminate, change, modify, suspend, make improvements to, or discontinue any aspect of the site or any products available through or outside of the site, temporarily or permanently, including the availability of any features of the site or access to any parts of the site, at any time without notice to you, and you agree that beachbody shall not be liable therefore. linked sites beachbody makes no claim or representation regarding, and accepts no responsibility for, the quality, content, nature, or reliability of sites accessible by hyperlink from this site, or sites linking to this site. the linked sites are not under the control of beachbody, and beachbody is not responsible for the content of any linked site or any link contained in a linked site, or any review, changes, or updates to such sites. the inclusion of any link does not imply affiliation, endorsement, or adoption by beachbody of the site or any information contained therein. when leaving the site, you should be aware that beachbody's terms and conditions and policies no longer govern, and therefore you should review the applicable terms and policies, including privacy and data-gathering practices, of that site. copyright and trademarks all site materials, including, without limitation, the product partners, beachbody, team beachbody, and all beachbody product logos, design, text, graphics, software, other files, and the selection and arrangement thereof (the "content") are copyright © 1998-2012 product partners, llc/beachbody, llc. all rights reserved. beachbody or its suppliers or licensors own and retain other proprietary rights in all products available through the site. except as stated herein, none of the content may be copied, modified, reproduced, distributed, republished, downloaded, performed, displayed, posted, transmitted, sold, or made into derivative works in any form or by any means, including, but not limited to, electronic, mechanical, photocopying, recording, or otherwise, without the prior written permission of beachbody or the respective copyright owner. you may not, without the express written permission of beachbody or the respective copyright owner, (a) copy, publish, or post any materials on any computer network or broadcast or publications media; (b) modify the materials; or (c) remove or alter any copyright or other proprietary notices contained in the materials. you also may not (a) sell, resell, or make commercial use of the site, its content, or services or products obtained through the site; (b) collect and use of any product listings or descriptions; (c) make derivative uses of the site or its content; or (d) use of any data mining, robots, or similar data gathering and extraction methods. you are not conveyed any right or license by implication, estoppel, or otherwise in or under any patent, trademark, copyright, or other proprietary right of beachbody or any third party. trademarks: together with other logos and product names described on this site, the following includes a partial list of trademarks or registered trademarks of product partners, llc/beachbody, llc, in the united states and other countries: product partners, beachbody, beachbody.com, million dollar body club, million dollar body game, mybeachbody, power 90, p90x, slim in 6, b-lines, slim series, fast 10, power half hour, project: you, turbo jam, wowy, turbofire, body gospel, brazil butt lift, revabs, hip hop abs, p90x2, insanity, insanity: the asylum, 10-minute trainer, body beast, tai cheng, shakeology and ultimate reset. these trademarks may not be copied, imitated, or used, in whole or in part, without the prior written permission of beachbody or the rights holder. in addition, all page headers, custom graphics, button icons, and scripts are service marks, trademarks, and/or trade dress of beachbody, and may not be copied, imitated, or used, in whole or in part, without the prior written permission of beachbody. other names and brands may be claimed as the property of others. copyright policy and copyright agent it is beachbody's policy to respect the copyright and intellectual property rights of others. beachbody may remove content that appears to infringe the copyright or other intellectual property rights of others. in addition, beachbody may terminate access by users who appear to infringe the copyright or other intellectual property rights of others. further, beachbody complies with the digital millennium copyright act. if you believe that beachbody or any user of our site has infringed your copyright in any material way, please notify beachbody, and provide the following: an identification of the intellectual property right claimed to have been infringed; an identification of the material that you claim is infringing so that we may locate it on the site; your address, telephone number, and email address; a statement by you that you have a good faith belief that the disputed use is not authorized by the owner, their licensee, and agent of either of the foregoing, or the law; and a statement by you that the above information in your notice is accurate, made under penalty of perjury, and that you are authorized to act on behalf of the owner of the intellectual property interest involved. please direct inquiries regarding intellectual property infringement issues by email to: dmca@beachbody.com, or by mail to: beachbody, llc 3301 exposition blvd., 3rd floor santa monica, ca 90404 attn.: chief legal officer. indemnification you agree to indemnify and hold harmless beachbody, its parents, subsidiaries, shareholders, officers, directors, employees, agents, and suppliers from any claim, action, demand, loss, or damages (including attorneys' fees) made or incurred by any third party arising out of or relating to your use of the site, your violation of these terms and conditions, or your violation of any rights of a third party product information for questions about the products or services on this site, please use the customer service email links found on each product page or section. for questions about orders placed through the site or otherwise, please use the customer service link in the email receipt you receive or by visiting the online customer service center. our guarantee unless stated otherwise, all beachbody products on the site carry at least a 30-day money-back guarantee starting from the date that the product is delivered to you. in the event that you are not 100% satisfied with your purchase, please call our customer service at (800) 470-7870 for a return authorization number and return the product within the money-back guarantee period to receive a refund of the purchase price of your product, less shipping and handling. if you choose to return any products to us, we will not be responsible for any loss or damage to them in transit. if returned products are lost or damaged in transit, we reserve the right to charge you for, or not refund any amounts attributable to, such products or loss or damage. should you experience any difficulty or delay in returning a product and securing the proper refund, please visit our online customer service center. product and service descriptions we have taken reasonable precautions to try to ensure that prices quoted on the site are correct and that all products have been fairly described. however, when ordering products or services through the site, please note that: orders will only be accepted if there are no material errors in the description of the goods or services or their prices as advertised on this site, including, but not limited to, the event that a product is listed at an incorrect price due to typographical or other error; all prices are displayed in united states dollars unless expressly indicated otherwise; packaging may vary from that shown on the site; any weights, dimensions, and capacities shown on the site are approximate only; and all items are subject to availability and we will inform you as soon as possible if the product(s) or service(s) you have ordered are not available and we may offer alternative product(s) or service(s) of equal or higher quality and value. order and payment information if you use the site or other means to purchase a product, payment must be received by beachbody prior to beachbody's acceptance of an order, unless otherwise agreed by beachbody. all beachbody products are subject to sales tax which will be applied to your order total. beachbody may need to verify information you provide before beachbody accepts an order, and may cancel or limit an order any time after it has been placed. if payment has already been made and your order is cancelled or limited, beachbody will refund any payment you made for the product that will not be shipped due to cancellation or limitation of an order in the same tender as the original purchase. beachbody expressly conditions its acceptance of your order on your agreement to these terms and conditions. in ordering products through the site or otherwise, you agree to provide only true, accurate, current, and complete information. you hereby certify that any email account you provide to beachbody is registered to you. beachbody shall have the right to bar your access to and use of the site or its other products or services if it has reasonable grounds to believe that you have provided untrue, inaccurate, not current, or incomplete information to beachbody, or for any other reason it, in its sole discretion, deems appropriate. you agree that if you are ordering or purchasing products on behalf of a company, that you have sufficient authority to bind that company to the terms and conditions. you agree that your placement of an electronic order on the site is sufficient to satisfy any applicable statute of frauds, and no further writing is required. beachbody may reject orders where the stated delivery address is outside the united states and canada. beachbody will add applicable shipping and handling fees. beachbody reserves the right without prior notice to discontinue or change specifications and prices on products offered on and outside of the site without incurring any obligation to you. beachbody's descriptions of, or references to, products not owned by beachbody on and outside of the site do not imply endorsement of that product, or constitute a warranty, by beachbody. international orders beachbody does not directly sell certain beachbody products in any jurisdiction other than the united states of america as these products may not be approved for sale in other jurisdictions.  while beachbody may choose to accept orders for the purchase of its products from non-residents of the u.s., the acceptance of such orders and the sale of such products will only be based on the following conditions precedent: you agree that the purchase of any beachbody products by you, as a non-resident of the u.s., shall be (a) ex works beachbody's facilities in the u.s. per incoterms 2010, with all title risk and loss in the products passing to you in the u.s. and (b) for your own personal use only and not for further resale or distribution in any manner; you agree not to order more than a 90 day supply of any consumable products within any ninety (90) day period; you hereby expressly authorize and direct beachbody to load and ship the purchased products to you to your designated ship to destination, and to contract on your behalf with a common carrier or courier company for that purpose; and you are the principal importer of record and will undertake responsibility for all applicable taxes, shipping, customs clearance, duties and import requirements from beachbody's facilities in the u.s. to your foreign ship to destination. shipping unless otherwise noted, beachbody will use its best efforts to ship products within a reasonable time after receipt of your properly completed order. although beachbody may provide delivery or shipment timeframes or dates, you understand that those are beachbody's good-faith estimates and may subject to change. you further understand that product availability may be limited and particular products may not be available for immediate delivery, in which case the products will be delivered when they become available. beachbody shall not be liable for any loss, damage, cost, or expense related to any delay in shipment or delivery. the delivery time for shipments to p.o. boxes within the united states or for shipments outside the united states, including to u.s. territories, alaska and hawaii, may take up to 7-21 days. automatic renewal with regards to any product made available to you on a monthly (or other period) subscription as sold through the site or otherwise (including any free trial product) (the "product"), the default term of our agreement shall be for so long as we make the product available to you. if you have provided us with a valid credit card number or an alternate payment method, your subscription will be automatically renewed (and charged to the account you have provided) for another term at the expiration of your current term, whenever local regulations allow, for a fee no greater than our then-current price, excluding promotional and discount pricing. the new term will be for the same duration as the expired term unless otherwise specified at time of renewal. this renewal will be processed (and your card charged) within 30 days prior to the expiration of the term and each period thereafter. if you do not desire to have your subscription automatically renewed, you must, prior to the expiration of your subscription term, inform us of your intention not to renew your subscription to the product. you must provide current, complete, and accurate information for your billing account. you are responsible for ensuring this information is correct and must promptly update all information to keep your billing account current, complete, and accurate (such as a change in billing address, credit card number, or credit card expiration date). you must promptly notify us if your credit card is cancelled (for example, for loss or theft). changes to such information can be made by contacting customer service. we reserve the right to refuse or discontinue the supply of the product to any user at any time at our sole discretion. warranties certain warranties with respect to particular products for sale on or outside the site may be applicable through manufacturers' warranties, though not through beachbody. see the warranties included in the documentation along with the products for further details regarding warranties provided by manufacturers of products available through or outside the site. disclaimer of warranties you expressly agree that use of this site and other products and services of beachbody is at your sole risk. you understand and agree that this site and the information, services, products, and materials available through it and otherwise are provided on an "as-is" and "as-available" basis. you acknowledge that beachbody does not control in any respect any advertisements, product descriptions, products, or content offered by third parties on or through this site, including, but not limited to, information or products provided by license to beachbody from third parties. except as otherwise agreed in writing, beachbody and its affiliates assume no responsibility for and make no warranty or representation as to the accuracy, currency, completeness, reliability, or usefulness of content or products (including product descriptions) distributed or made available by third parties through or outside of this site. nor does beachbody make any warranty as to the results that may be obtained from use of the site, any products or services offered or sold through the site, or its content. although beachbody strives to prevent the introduction of viruses or other destructive materials to the site, beachbody does not warrant, guarantee, or make any representations that this site is free of destructive materials. in addition, beachbody does not warrant that access to this site will be uninterrupted, timely, secure, or error-free, or that defects, if any, will be corrected. beachbody disclaims any warranty or representation that confidentiality of information transmitted through this site will be maintained. to the extent allowed by law, beachbody disclaims all warranties not explicitly stated herein. some jurisdictions do not allow the limitation or exclusion of certain warranties or conditions, so some of the above exclusions may not apply to you. the terms of this section survive any termination of the terms and conditions. limitations on liability we exclude all representations, warranties, conditions, and terms (whether express or implied by statute, common law or otherwise) to the fullest extent permitted by law. in no event, including, without limitation, negligence, shall beachbody or its affiliates be liable for any damages, claims, or losses incurred (including without limitation compensatory, incidental, indirect, special, consequential, or exemplary damages), however caused, and under any theory of liability arising in connection with: (i) the site; (ii) the use or inability to use this site; (iii) the use of or reliance on any content or information displayed in or on the site; (iv) the purchase or use of any products through the site or otherwise; (v) unauthorized access to or alteration or loss of your transmissions or data or other information that is sent or received; (vi) errors, system down time, network or system outages, or file corruption or service interruptions; or (vii) otherwise under this agreement/terms and conditions, whether or not reasonably foreseeable, even if beachbody or its representatives are advised of the possibility of such damages, claims, or losses and notwithstanding any failure of essential purpose of any limited remedy. notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained herein, beachbody's liability to you for any cause of action or claim whatsoever, and regardless of the form of the action, will at all times be limited to the amount paid, if any, by you in the last 90 days to beachbody for any products supplied by beachbody through your use of the site or otherwise. beachbody will not be liable in any amount for failure to perform any obligation under these terms and conditions if such failure is caused by the occurrence of any unforeseen contingency beyond its reasonable control, including, without limitation, internet outages, communications outages, fire, flood, or war. these exclusions shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the law of the united states of america. if any provision of these disclaimers and exclusions shall be unlawful, void, or for any reason unenforceable then that provision shall be deemed severable and shall not affect the validity and enforceability of the remaining provisions. the terms of this section survive any termination of the terms and conditions. sec disclosure the information contained within press releases issued by beachbody should not be deemed accurate or current except as of the date the release was posted. beachbody has no intention of updating, and specifically disclaims any duty to update, the information in the press releases. to the extent any information therein is forward-looking, it is intended to fit within the safe harbor for forward-looking statements, and is subject to material risk. international users this site is controlled, operated, and administered by beachbody from its offices within the united states of america. beachbody makes no representation that materials on the site are appropriate or available for use at other locations outside of the united states, and access to them from territories where the contents or products available through the site are illegal is prohibited. you may not use the site or export the content or products in violation of u.s. export laws and regulations. if you access this site from a location outside of the united states, you are responsible for compliance with all local laws. termination notwithstanding any of these terms and conditions, beachbody reserves the right, without notice and in its sole discretion, for any reason or no reason, to terminate your ability to use the site and to block or prevent future access to and use of the site. you agree that beachbody shall not be liable for any termination of your use of or access to the site. third-party rights only you and beachbody shall be entitled to enforce these terms and conditions. no third party shall be entitled to enforce any of these terms and conditions. severability if any provision of these terms and conditions shall be deemed unlawful, void, or for any reason unenforceable by a court of competent jurisdiction, then that provision shall be deemed severable from these terms and conditions and shall not affect the validity and enforceability of any remaining provisions. the terms of this section survive any termination of the terms and conditions. language it is the express intent of the parties that the terms and conditions and all related documents have been drawn up in english. applicable law and venue these terms and conditions shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the state of california, without resort to its conflict of law provisions. you agree that any action at law or in equity arising out of or relating to the terms and conditions or your use of the site shall be filed only in the superior court of los angeles county, california, or the united states district court for the central district of california, and except as stated herein you hereby irrevocably and unconditionally consent and submit to the exclusive jurisdiction of such courts over any suit, action, or proceeding arising out of the terms and conditions. notwithstanding the above, any controversy or claim related to this agreement shall be resolved exclusively by arbitration in accordance with the federal arbitration act (title 9, u. s. code) (the "act"). the act will apply even though this agreement provides that it is governed by the laws of california. arbitration proceedings will be determined in accordance with the act, the rules and procedures for the arbitration of financial services disputes of jams/endispute, llc, a delaware limited liability company or any successor thereof ("jams"), except that discovery in said arbitration shall be limited in scope to the specifics of liability on the claim, and any discovery related to damages calculations or any financials shall be withheld until after liability has been decided by the arbitrator(s). in the event of any inconsistency between the jams rules and this paragraph, the terms of this paragraph shall control. the arbitration shall be administered by jams and conducted in los angeles, california. all claims shall be determined by one arbitrator; however, if claims exceed five million dollars, upon the request of either beachbody or you, the claims shall be decided by three arbitrators. all arbitration hearings shall commence within ninety (90) days of the demand for arbitration and close within ninety (90) days of commencement and the award of the arbitrator(s) shall be issued within thirty (30) days of the close of the hearing. however, the arbitrator(s), upon a showing of good cause, may extend the commencement of the hearing for up to an additional sixty (60) days. the arbitrator(s) shall provide a concise written statement of reasons for the award. the arbitration award may be submitted to any court having jurisdiction to be confirmed and enforced. the arbitrator(s) will have the authority to decide whether any claim is barred by the statute of limitations and, if so, to dismiss the arbitration on that basis. for purposes of the application of the statute of limitations, the service on jams under applicable jams rules of a notice of claim is the equivalent of the filing of a lawsuit. any dispute concerning this arbitration provision or whether a claim is arbitrable shall be determined by the arbitrator(s). the arbitrator(s) shall have the power to award legal fees pursuant to the terms of this agreement. this paragraph does not limit the right of beachbody to: (i) exercise self-help remedies, such as, but not limited to, setoff; (ii) initiate judicial or non-judicial foreclosure against any real or personal property collateral; (iii) exercise any judicial or power of sale rights, or (iv) act in a court of law to obtain an interim remedy, such as, but not limited to, injunctive relief, writ of possession or appointment of a receiver, or additional or supplementary remedies. the prevailing party in any action or arbitration related to these terms and conditions shall be entitled to its reasonable attorney fees and costs. the terms of this section survive any termination of the terms and conditions. general the terms and conditions constitute the entire agreement between beachbody and you with respect to your use of the site, your purchase of products and services through the site, and as applicable any products or services of beachbody. any cause of action you may have with respect to the site or beachbody's products or services must be commenced within one (1) year after the claim or cause of action arises, notwithstanding any statutes of limitation to the contrary. any failure by beachbody to enforce or exercise any provision of the terms and conditions or related right shall not constitute a waiver of that right or provision. the section titles used in the terms and conditions are purely for convenience and carry with them no legal or contractual effect. nothing in these terms and conditions will be construed as creating a joint venture, partnership, employment, or agency relationship between you and beachbody, and you do not have any authority to create any obligation or make any representation on beachbody's behalf. you may not assign or transfer any rights or obligations of these terms and conditions, by operation of law or otherwise, without beachbody's written consent. subject to the foregoing, these terms and conditions will be binding on, inure to the benefit of, and be enforceable against you and beachbody and their respective successors and assigns. the terms of this section survive any termination of the terms and conditions. other important terms we may update or amend these terms and conditions from time to time to comply with law or to meet our changing business requirements without notice to you. any updates or amendments will be posted on the site. the terms and conditions displayed on the web site at the time the order is accepted will apply to the order. these terms and conditions supersede any other terms and conditions previously published by us and any other representations or statements made by us to you, whether oral, written, or otherwise. we may assign, transfer, or sub-contract any of our rights or obligations under these terms and conditions to any third party at our discretion. no delay by us in exercising any right or remedy under these terms and conditions shall operate as waiver of that right or remedy or shall affect our ability to subsequently exercise that right or remedy. any waiver must be agreed by us in writing. updated: november 28, 2012 reviews be the first to write a review, opinion or comment. submit a review more about us company overviewabout our productsfitness expertsexecutive teampressteasers, trailers & clipsdownloadscareersproduct submissionsprivacy policyterms of usecontact us beachbody newsletter diet, fitness, and support tools tailored to your fitness and weight loss goals. p90x extreme newsletter diet, fitness, and support tools designed for your extreme training program. email unsubscribe follow beachbody online connect with beachbody, fans, coaches, and your favorite trainers! social media beachbody p90x shakeology team beachbody game plan beachbody p90x beachbody beachbody blogs carl daikeler beauty by beachbody steve edwards tony horton chalene johnson message boards beachbody message boards rss feeds (what is rss?) beachbody newsletter p90x extreme newsletter share this page bookmark or share this page by emailing it to your friends, or adding it to your favorite networking sites! simply mouse over the share icon below for options. secure online ordering fast 'n' easy checkout no-hassle returns friendly customer service free email newsletter special offers, tips, and tools! questions? click here to chat live with a customer service representative. home | about us | press | newsletters | message boards | customer service | live chat | my account | terms of use | privacy policy | site map | contact us | shopping cart | index + †results may vary. exercise and proper diet are necessary to achieve and maintain weight loss and muscle definition. please consult with a physician before beginning any exercise program. © 2013 beachbody, llc. all rights reserved. workout workout videos and dvds ab workout videos and dvds home workouts home workout routines fitness cardio exercise fat burning interval training weight loss strength training nutrition