来源URL: https://web.archive.org/web/20141231014850/http://www.beachbody.com/category/fitness_programs/compare_fitness_programs.do
================================================================================

compare beachbody fitness programs - which fitness program fits your needs? - beachbody.com beachbody® call now 1 (800) 207-0420 or order online. we ship worldwide. available now — beachbody® egift cards choose a product . . . beachbody home page ------------------------------ as seen on tv ------------------------------ insanity® 10-minute trainer® derm exclusive® anti-aging skin care p90x® rockin' body® hip hop abs® brazil butt lift® --------------------------- more fitness programs --------------------------- 10-minute trainer® deluxe 10-minute trainer®—more exciting products 21 day fix™ 21 day fix™ deluxe 21 day fix™ plyo fix dvd 21 day fix™ ultimate dvd body beast® body beast® lucky 7 dvd body beast® tempo workouts dvd body beast®—more exciting products brazil butt lift® master series brazil butt lift® deluxe upgrade brazil butt lift® leandro's secret weapon workout chalean extreme® chalean extreme® deluxe upgrade chalean extreme®—more exciting products chalene johnson's get on the ball! focus t25® focus t25® core speed focus t25® gamma cycle dvds focus t25® gamma deluxe get real with shaun t™ great body guaranteed!™ hip hop abs® extreme hip hop abs® ultimate results! hip hop abs®—more exciting products ho'ala ke kino insanity® deluxe insanity® fast and furious insanity® fast and furious abs insanity max:30™ insanity max:30™ ab maximizer kit insanity max:30™ deluxe dvds insanity max:30™ sweat fest dvd insanity® sanity check insanity: the asylum® vol. 1 insanity: the asylum® vol. 2 insanity: the asylum® vol. 2 pure contact insanity®—more exciting products! les mills combat les mills combat 30: live les mills combat ultimate warrior dvds les mills pump les mills pump cross training deluxe p90® p90® deluxe upgrade package p90® speed series dvds p90x2® p90x3® p90x3® elite block workouts p90x one on one® p90x plus—the next level p90x®—more exciting products piyo™ piyo™ hardcore on the floor dvd piyo™ strength® dvd power 90® master series power half hour® revabs®—more exciting products rockin' body® shaun t's dance party series shaun t's fit kids™ club slim in 6® slim in 6®—more exciting products slim series® slim series® express tai cheng™ tai cheng™ body alignment for better living tai cheng™—more exciting products total body solution™ turbofire® turbofire® advanced classes turbofire® fire starter pack turbofire® keep on burnin' turbo jam® turbo jam® fat burning elite turbo jam® live! turbo jam®—more exciting products yoga booty ballet® ab & butt makeover yoga booty ballet® baby on the way yoga booty ballet® master series yoga booty ballet® pure & simple yoga yoga booty ballet®—more exciting products --------------------------- gift cards --------------------------- nutrition & supplements --------------------------- 3-day refresh® shakeology® activit® multivitamins cordastra™ core cal-mag™ core omega-3™ core nutrition pack e&e energy and endurance formula® joint support super formula meal replacement shake p90x® peak health formula p90x® peak performance protein bars p90x® results and recovery formula performance formula slimming formula strength & muscle men's formula whey protein powder --------------------------- fitness gear --------------------------- ankle weights 5lb adjustable ankle weights balance ball barbell weights barbell with speed safety clips beachbody jump mat beachbody® core comfort mat beachbody t-shirts men's beachbody t-shirts women's bands, balls & weights beachbody strength slides™ body fat tester core/yoga gear dumbbell set insanity: the asylum™ gear les mills combat training gloves les mills pump gear p90x® gear p90x2® gear p90x® chin-up bar p90x® chin-up max p90x® posters p90x® tanks p90x® t-shirts men's p90x® t-shirts women's plyometrics mat push-up stands resistance bands—handles resistance bands—individual resistance bands—standard kit resistance bands—super kit resistance bands—extreme kit resistance bands—complete kit resistance bands—upgrade kit sculpting bands speed safety clips step with 4 risers strength bands tai cheng™ foam roller tai cheng™ rumbleroller® tony horton's powerstands® turbo jam® gear turbo jam® tanks walking bands weighted gloves yoga blocks yoga monster mat --------------------------- diet and support tools --------------------------- 6-day express™ diet plan chatrooms message boards michi's ladder team beachbody® club beachbody challenge homefitness programssupplementsgearsuccess storiesvideoscommunity & supportshopping cart all fitness programsbest sellersweight lossadvancedexpressabs/coredanceextreme resultscardio/fat burninggetting startedspecialty programscompare fitness programs best sellersmeal replacementmuscle enhancementp90x® peak performanceweight losswellness best sellersbands, balls & weightsp90x® gearp90x2® gearinsanity: the asylum® gear body beast® gear les mills gear turbo jam® gearrevabs® gearcore/yoga gearfitness trackersbeachbody apparelturbo wear beachbody videos p90x® videos p90® videos insanity max:30™ videos 3-day refresh® videos 21 day fix™ videos focus t25™ videos piyo™ videos turbo jam® videos turbofire® videos 10 minute trainer® videos p90x one on one™ videos chalean extreme® videos slim in 6® videos hip hop abs® videos rockin' body® videos social communitybeachbody® blogp90x® newsletterteam beachbody® loginjoin team beachbody® clubcoach destinationsmessage boardschat roomsbeachbody challengecustomer supportcontact us all fitness programs best sellers weight loss advanced express abs/core dance extreme results cardio/fat burning getting started specialty programs compare fitness programs get fit lose weight compare fitness programs find the best fitness program to fit your needs with our fitness comparison chart below. unfortunately your browser does not have javascript capabilities which are required to exploit full functionality of our site. this could be the result of two possible scenarios: you are using an old web browser, in which case you should upgrade it to a newer version. we recommend the latest version of firefox. you have disabled javascript in you browser, in which case you will have to enable it to properly use our site. information on enabling javascript. best sellers our most popular, effective, and complete programs to help you achieve your fitness and weight loss goals. program trainer workout benefits how it works insanity max:30™ shaun t 30 minutes get ready to max out for max results in 30 minutes a day—no equipment needed! every day you'll push a little harder, go a little longer, and dig a little deeper. it's not about finishing all 30 minutes—it's about seeing how far you'll go before you max out. there's no equipment needed; all you have to do is work to your max and get insane results in 30 minutes a day. p90® tony horton 25–45 minutes 90-day body transformation for everyone now you don't have to go to the extreme to get dramatic, visible results! tony horton's all-new p90® workouts are simple, doable, and made to change your body right away—regardless of your age or fitness level. piyo® chalene johnson 20 – 45 minutes burn fat as you define every muscle in your body without straining your joints. piyo combines the muscle-sculpting, core-firming benefits of pilates with the strength and flexibility advantages of yoga. it cranks up the speed to deliver a true fat-burning, low-impact workout that leaves your body looking long, lean, and incredibly defined. insanity® shaun t 30–60 minutes transform your body in 60 days with the most intense workout program ever put on dvd. max interval training—you perform long bursts of maximum-intensity exercise with short periods of rest. p90x® tony horton 45–60 minutes advanced total-body training program focused on abs, legs, chest, back, and arms. twelve routines that keep introducing new moves and challenging your muscles to get you absolutely ripped in 90 days. p90x3® tony horton 30 minutes get ripped in 30 minutes a day. study after study shows that the most dramatic body transformations happen . . . in the first 30 minutes of exercise. tony horton's breakthrough muscle acceleration system combines a highly structured, plateau-busting schedule with an unprecedented variety of moves that keep every muscle challenged every day for 30 minutes of full-throttle intensity. p90x3 is a whole workout in half the time. focus t25® shaun t 25minutes get an hour's results in 25 minutes a day! high-intensity, non-stop, 25-minute workouts that give you everything you need, nothing you don't. 25 minutes. 5 days a week. 100% results. 21 day fix™ autumn calabrese 30minutes simple fitness combined with simple eating helps you see results fast. easy-to-follow portion control and 30-minute workouts take the guesswork out of losing weight. no more counting, weighing, or measuring—just quick results. turbofire® chalene johnson 10–55 minutes burn up to 9x more fat and calories than with traditional cardio. high intensity interval training (hiit) ignites your metabolism and helps your body burn calories for up to 48 hours after your workout. brazil butt lift® leandro carvalho 10–50 minutes shape, lift and firm and your butt. the triangle training method targets all three major muscles of the buttocks from multiple angles to shape and transform. body beast® sagi kalev 11–53 minutes strip away fat while carving lean muscle in just 90 days. get the head-turning physique you've always wanted. body beast fuses basic resistance training with breakthrough sports science in 12 extreme muscle-building and fat-shredding workouts. plus, the body beast eating plan takes all the guesswork out of getting built! 10-minute trainer® tony horton 10 minutes full-body workout in only 10 minutes a day. combines fat-burning cardio, total-body sculpting, and ab moves all at the same time for maximum efficiency! p90x2® tony horton 50–60 minutes each workout engages more muscles with every move, helping you build the body of an athlete in just 90 days. features a breakthrough in sports science called muscle integration, a training technique focused on instability. by doing resistance moves on one foot, a ball, or some other unstable platform, your body is forced to engage more muscles with each movement of the 12 workouts, burning more calories and delivering the kind of results pro athletes pay thousands of dollars for. insanity: the asylum™ shaun t 45–60 minutes get stronger, faster, and quicker in just 30 days. unleash your inner world-class athlete through plyometrics, speed, agility, strength, and core workouts in a jaw-dropping series of progressions. in just 30 days, you'll push yourself to the next level of game-day readiness with dramatic, measurable improvements in your athletic performance. les mills pump les mills pump international pro team 20–55 minutes benefits: barbell-based rapid weight loss and accelerated strength training program for lean muscle building without the bulk. how it works: using the barbell and the rep effect™ to lift lighter weights at a higher rate of repetition boosts your heart rate and burns more fat and calories than traditional weight workouts. les mills combat dan cohenrachael newsham 30–60 minutes carve a lean, strong, chiseled body in just 60 days with the ultimate mixed martial arts program. fast twitch integration training blends the most dynamic moves from karate, taekwondo, boxing, muay thai/kickboxing, capoeira, and jiu jitsu, and combines them in explosive, escalating patterns that work your fast-twitch muscles—the ones with the greatest capacity for change—like crazy! you’ll burn massive amounts of fat and calories both during the workout and long after. that's how it builds your best body ever in just 60 days brazil butt lift master series leandro carvalho 30 minutes advanced workouts and new tools will not only help you perfect your booty, but also get the tight, sexy bikini body of your dreams. leandro takes his triangle training method to the next level with 3 innovative workouts that incorporate heavier weights and the stability ball to engage your core with every move, for your ultimate bikini body. tai cheng™ dr. mark cheng 30–60 minutes rediscover your youthful energy, mobility, agility, vitality, and well-being. learn 18 healing tai chi movements, and combine them into a health-boosting routine. incorporate gentle stretching, breathing exercises, and foam roller techniques to help awaken your natural energy; increase flexibility and mobility; and reduce joint and muscle pain. slim in 6® debbie siebers 25–50 minutes full-body slimming and toning focused on abs, thighs, buns, and hips. combines cardio with light resistance moves to burn fat and reshape your body in 6 weeks. turbo jam® chalene johnson 20–45 minutes calorie burning and total-body sculpting focused on abs and thighs. kickboxing and body sculpting to the hottest tunes to burn more calories than almost any other exercise. hip hop abs® shaun t 25–45 minutes calorie-burning cardio and total-body sculpting focused on abs and core. fun hip hop dance moves set to hot music to burn fat and sculpt lean sexy abs. chalean extreme® chalene johnson 30–45 minutes advanced circuit training program develops lean, sexy muscle to help you burn up to 60% of your body fat for overall body transformation. the proven 3-phase circuit training technique is guaranteed to give you results every 30 days—the more muscle you build, the more fat your burn because muscle burns fat®! rockin' body™ shaun t 15–45 minutes calorie-burning cardio and full-body sculpting moves. party off the pounds as you dance and sweat to the hottest hits of all time. return to best sellers fitness programs all fitness levels these programs will help you burn off the pounds to reach your weight goal. program trainer workout benefits how it works p90® tony horton 25–45 minutes 90-day body transformation for everyone now you don't have to go to the extreme to get dramatic, visible results! tony horton's all-new p90® workouts are simple, doable, and made to change your body right away—regardless of your age or fitness level. piyo® chalene johnson 20 – 45 minutes burn fat as you define every muscle in your body without straining your joints. piyo combines the muscle-sculpting, core-firming benefits of pilates with the strength and flexibility advantages of yoga. it cranks up the speed to deliver a true fat-burning, low-impact workout that leaves your body looking long, lean, and incredibly defined. brazil butt lift® leandro carvalho 10–50 minutes shape, lift and firm and your butt. the triangle training method targets all three major muscles of the buttocks from multiple angles to shape and transform. 10-minute trainer® tony horton 10 minutes full-body workout in only 10 minutes a day. combines fat-burning cardio, total-body sculpting, and ab moves all at the same time for maximum efficiency! p90x3® tony horton 30 minutes get ripped in 30 minutes a day. study after study shows that the most dramatic body transformations happen . . . in the first 30 minutes of exercise. tony horton's breakthrough muscle acceleration system combines a highly structured, plateau-busting schedule with an unprecedented variety of moves that keep every muscle challenged every day for 30 minutes of full-throttle intensity. p90x3 is a whole workout in half the time. focus t25® shaun t 25minutes get an hour's results in 25 minutes a day! high-intensity, non-stop, 25-minute workouts that give you everything you need, nothing you don't. 25 minutes. 5 days a week. 100% results. les mills pump les mills pump international pro team 20–55 minutes benefits: barbell-based rapid weight loss and accelerated strength training program for lean muscle building without the bulk. how it works: using the barbell and the rep effect™ to lift lighter weights at a higher rate of repetition boosts your heart rate and burns more fat and calories than traditional weight workouts. brazil butt lift master series leandro carvalho 30 minutes advanced workouts and new tools will not only help you perfect your booty, but also get the tight, sexy bikini body of your dreams. leandro takes his triangle training method to the next level with 3 innovative workouts that incorporate heavier weights and the stability ball to engage your core with every move, for your ultimate bikini body. tai cheng™ dr. mark cheng 30–60 minutes rediscover your youthful energy, mobility, agility, vitality, and well-being. learn 18 healing tai chi movements, and combine them into a health-boosting routine. incorporate gentle stretching, breathing exercises, and foam roller techniques to help awaken your natural energy; increase flexibility and mobility; and reduce joint and muscle pain. slim in 6® debbie siebers 25–50 minutes full-body slimming and toning focused on abs, thighs, buns, and hips. combines cardio with light resistance moves to burn fat and reshape your body in 6 weeks. turbo jam® chalene johnson 20–45 minutes calorie burning and total-body sculpting focused on abs and thighs. kickboxing and body sculpting to the hottest tunes to burn more calories than almost any other exercise. hip hop abs® shaun t 25–45 minutes calorie-burning cardio and total-body sculpting focused on abs and core. fun hip hop dance moves set to hot music to burn fat and sculpt lean sexy abs. rockin' body™ shaun t 15–45 minutes calorie-burning cardio and full-body sculpting moves. party off the pounds as you dance and sweat to the hottest hits of all time. return to weight loss programs intermediate/advanced once you've completed a best sellers program and you're ready to take your results to the next level. program trainer workout benefits how it works insanity max:30™ shaun t 30 minutes get ready to max out for max results in 30 minutes a day—no equipment needed! every day you'll push a little harder, go a little longer, and dig a little deeper. it's not about finishing all 30 minutes—it's about seeing how far you'll go before you max out. there's no equipment needed; all you have to do is work to your max and get insane results in 30 minutes a day. piyo™ chalene johnson 20 – 45 minutes burn fat as you define every muscle in your body without straining your joints. piyo combines the muscle-sculpting, core-firming benefits of pilates with the strength and flexibility advantages of yoga. it cranks up the speed to deliver a true fat-burning, low-impact workout that leaves your body looking long, lean, and incredibly defined. insanity® shaun t 30–60 minutes transform your body in 60 days with the most intense workout program ever put on dvd. max interval training—you perform long bursts of maximum-intensity exercise with short periods of rest. p90x® tony horton 45–60 minutes advanced total-body training program focused on abs, legs, chest, back, and arms. twelve routines that keep introducing new moves and challenging your muscles to get you absolutely ripped in 90 days. p90x3® tony horton 30 minutes get ripped in 30 minutes a day. study after study shows that the most dramatic body transformations happen . . . in the first 30 minutes of exercise. tony horton's breakthrough muscle acceleration system combines a highly structured, plateau-busting schedule with an unprecedented variety of moves that keep every muscle challenged every day for 30 minutes of full-throttle intensity. p90x3 is a whole workout in half the time. focus t25® shaun t 25minutes get an hour's results in 25 minutes a day! high-intensity, non-stop, 25-minute workouts that give you everything you need, nothing you don't. 25 minutes. 5 days a week. 100% results. turbofire® chalene johnson 10–55 minutes burn up to 9x more fat and calories than with traditional cardio. high intensity interval training (hiit) ignites your metabolism and helps your body burn calories for up to 48 hours after your workout. body beast® sagi kalev 11–53 minutes strip away fat while carving lean muscle in just 90 days. get the head-turning physique you've always wanted. body beast fuses basic resistance training with breakthrough sports science in 12 extreme muscle-building and fat-shredding workouts. plus, the body beast eating plan takes all the guesswork out of getting built! p90x2® tony horton 50–60 minutes each workout engages more muscles with every move, helping you build the body of an athlete in just 90 days. features a breakthrough in sports science called muscle integration, a training technique focused on instability. by doing resistance moves on one foot, a ball, or some other unstable platform, your body is forced to engage more muscles with each movement of the 12 workouts, burning more calories and delivering the kind of results pro athletes pay thousands of dollars for. insanity: the asylum™ shaun t 45–60 minutes get stronger, faster, and quicker in just 30 days. unleash your inner world-class athlete through plyometrics, speed, agility, strength, and core workouts in a jaw-dropping series of progressions. in just 30 days, you'll push yourself to the next level of game-day readiness with dramatic, measurable improvements in your athletic performance. les mills pump les mills pump international pro team 20–55 minutes benefits: barbell-based rapid weight loss and accelerated strength training program for lean muscle building without the bulk. how it works: using the barbell and the rep effect™ to lift lighter weights at a higher rate of repetition boosts your heart rate and burns more fat and calories than traditional weight workouts. les mills combat dan cohenrachael newsham 30–60 minutes carve a lean, strong, chiseled body in just 60 days with the ultimate mixed martial arts program. fast twitch integration training blends the most dynamic moves from karate, taekwondo, boxing, muay thai/kickboxing, capoeira, and jiu jitsu, and combines them in explosive, escalating patterns that work your fast-twitch muscles—the ones with the greatest capacity for change—like crazy! you’ll burn massive amounts of fat and calories both during the workout and long after. that's how it builds your best body ever in just 60 days brazil butt lift master series leandro carvalho 30 minutes advanced workouts and new tools will not only help you perfect your booty, but also get the tight, sexy bikini body of your dreams. leandro takes his triangle training method to the next level with 3 innovative workouts that incorporate heavier weights and the stability ball to engage your core with every move, for your ultimate bikini body. chalean extreme® chalene johnson 30–45 minutes advanced circuit training program develops lean, sexy muscle to help you burn up to 60% of your body fat for overall body transformation. the proven 3-phase circuit training technique is guaranteed to give you results every 30 days—the more muscle you build, the more fat your burn because muscle burns fat®! return to advanced fitness programs express for busy people who need to squeeze in an effective workout in 35 minutes or less. program trainer workout benefits how it works insanity max:30™ shaun t 30 minutes get ready to max out for max results in 30 minutes a day—no equipment needed! every day you'll push a little harder, go a little longer, and dig a little deeper. it's not about finishing all 30 minutes—it's about seeing how far you'll go before you max out. there's no equipment needed; all you have to do is work to your max and get insane results in 30 minutes a day. p90® tony horton 25–45 minutes 90-day body transformation for everyone now you don't have to go to the extreme to get dramatic, visible results! tony horton's all-new p90® workouts are simple, doable, and made to change your body right away—regardless of your age or fitness level. 10-minute trainer® tony horton 10 minutes full-body workout in only 10 minutes a day. combines fat-burning cardio, total-body sculpting, and ab moves all at the same time for maximum efficiency! focus t25® shaun t 25minutes get an hour's results in 25 minutes a day! high-intensity, non-stop, 25-minute workouts that give you everything you need, nothing you don't. 25 minutes. 5 days a week. 100% results. 21 day fix™ autumn calabrese 30minutes simple fitness combined with simple eating helps you see results fast. easy-to-follow portion control and 30-minute workouts take the guesswork out of losing weight. no more counting, weighing, or measuring—just quick results. p90x3® tony horton 30 minutes get ripped in 30 minutes a day. study after study shows that the most dramatic body transformations happen . . . in the first 30 minutes of exercise. tony horton's breakthrough muscle acceleration system combines a highly structured, plateau-busting schedule with an unprecedented variety of moves that keep every muscle challenged every day for 30 minutes of full-throttle intensity. p90x3 is a whole workout in half the time. slim in 6® debbie siebers 25–50 minutes full-body slimming and toning focused on abs, thighs, buns, and hips. combines cardio with light resistance moves to burn fat and reshape your body in 6 weeks. turbo jam® chalene johnson 20–45 minutes calorie burning and total-body sculpting focused on abs and thighs. kickboxing and body sculpting to the hottest tunes to burn more calories than almost any other exercise. hip hop abs® shaun t 25–45 minutes calorie-burning cardio and total-body sculpting focused on abs and core. fun hip hop dance moves set to hot music to burn fat and sculpt lean sexy abs. rockin' body™ shaun t 15–45 minutes calorie-burning cardio and full-body sculpting moves. party off the pounds as you dance and sweat to the hottest hits of all time. return to express fitness programs abs/core these programs will target your core to give you flat, amazing abs. program trainer workout benefits how it works insanity max:30™ shaun t 30 minutes get ready to max out for max results in 30 minutes a day—no equipment needed! every day you'll push a little harder, go a little longer, and dig a little deeper. it's not about finishing all 30 minutes—it's about seeing how far you'll go before you max out. there's no equipment needed; all you have to do is work to your max and get insane results in 30 minutes a day. p90® tony horton 25–45 minutes 90-day body transformation for everyone now you don't have to go to the extreme to get dramatic, visible results! tony horton's all-new p90® workouts are simple, doable, and made to change your body right away—regardless of your age or fitness level. piyo® chalene johnson 20 – 45 minutes burn fat as you define every muscle in your body without straining your joints. piyo combines the muscle-sculpting, core-firming benefits of pilates with the strength and flexibility advantages of yoga. it cranks up the speed to deliver a true fat-burning, low-impact workout that leaves your body looking long, lean, and incredibly defined. hip hop abs® shaun t 25–45 minutes calorie-burning cardio and total-body sculpting focused on abs and core. fun hip hop dance moves set to hot music to burn fat and sculpt lean sexy abs. turbo jam® chalene johnson 20–45 minutes calorie burning and total-body sculpting focused on abs and thighs. kickboxing and body sculpting to the hottest tunes to burn more calories than almost any other exercise. p90x3® tony horton 30 minutes get ripped in 30 minutes a day. study after study shows that the most dramatic body transformations happen . . . in the first 30 minutes of exercise. tony horton's breakthrough muscle acceleration system combines a highly structured, plateau-busting schedule with an unprecedented variety of moves that keep every muscle challenged every day for 30 minutes of full-throttle intensity. p90x3 is a whole workout in half the time. p90x® tony horton 45–60 minutes advanced total-body training program focused on abs, legs, chest, back, and arms. twelve routines that keep introducing new moves and challenging your muscles to get you absolutely ripped in 90 days. focus t25® shaun t 25minutes get an hour's results in 25 minutes a day! high-intensity, non-stop, 25-minute workouts that give you everything you need, nothing you don't. 25 minutes. 5 days a week. 100% results. 21 day fix™ autumn calabrese 30minutes simple fitness combined with simple eating helps you see results fast. easy-to-follow portion control and 30-minute workouts take the guesswork out of losing weight. no more counting, weighing, or measuring—just quick results. turbofire® chalene johnson 10–55 minutes burn up to 9x more fat and calories than with traditional cardio. high intensity interval training (hiit) ignites your metabolism and helps your body burn calories for up to 48 hours after your workout. brazil butt lift® leandro carvalho 10–50 minutes shape, lift and firm and your butt. the triangle training method targets all three major muscles of the buttocks from multiple angles to shape and transform. body beast® sagi kalev 11–53 minutes strip away fat while carving lean muscle in just 90 days. get the head-turning physique you've always wanted. body beast fuses basic resistance training with breakthrough sports science in 12 extreme muscle-building and fat-shredding workouts. plus, the body beast eating plan takes all the guesswork out of getting built! insanity: the asylum™ shaun t 45–60 minutes get stronger, faster, and quicker in just 30 days. unleash your inner world-class athlete through plyometrics, speed, agility, strength, and core workouts in a jaw-dropping series of progressions. in just 30 days, you'll push yourself to the next level of game-day readiness with dramatic, measurable improvements in your athletic performance. les mills pump les mills pump international pro team 20–55 minutes benefits: barbell-based rapid weight loss and accelerated strength training program for lean muscle building without the bulk. how it works: using the barbell and the rep effect™ to lift lighter weights at a higher rate of repetition boosts your heart rate and burns more fat and calories than traditional weight workouts. les mills combat dan cohenrachael newsham 30–60 minutes carve a lean, strong, chiseled body in just 60 days with the ultimate mixed martial arts program. fast twitch integration training blends the most dynamic moves from karate, taekwondo, boxing, muay thai/kickboxing, capoeira, and jiu jitsu, and combines them in explosive, escalating patterns that work your fast-twitch muscles—the ones with the greatest capacity for change—like crazy! you’ll burn massive amounts of fat and calories both during the workout and long after. that's how it builds your best body ever in just 60 days brazil butt lift master series leandro carvalho 30 minutes advanced workouts and new tools will not only help you perfect your booty, but also get the tight, sexy bikini body of your dreams. leandro takes his triangle training method to the next level with 3 innovative workouts that incorporate heavier weights and the stability ball to engage your core with every move, for your ultimate bikini body. return to abs/core programs dance our best programs for dancing off the pounds and sculpting lean, sexy muscles. program trainer workout benefits how it works hip hop abs® shaun t 25–45 minutes calorie-burning cardio and total-body sculpting focused on abs and core. fun hip hop dance moves set to hot music to burn fat and sculpt lean sexy abs. brazil butt lift® leandro carvalho 10–50 minutes shape, lift and firm and your butt. the triangle training method targets all three major muscles of the buttocks from multiple angles to shape and transform. turbo jam® chalene johnson 20–45 minutes calorie burning and total-body sculpting focused on abs and thighs. kickboxing and body sculpting to the hottest tunes to burn more calories than almost any other exercise. rockin' body™ shaun t 15–45 minutes calorie-burning cardio and full-body sculpting moves. party off the pounds as you dance and sweat to the hottest hits of all time. return to dance fitness programs extreme results our most intense and challenging programs to get you absolutely ripped. program trainer workout benefits how it works insanity max:30™ shaun t 30 minutes get ready to max out for max results in 30 minutes a day—no equipment needed! every day you'll push a little harder, go a little longer, and dig a little deeper. it's not about finishing all 30 minutes—it's about seeing how far you'll go before you max out. there's no equipment needed; all you have to do is work to your max and get insane results in 30 minutes a day. insanity® shaun t 30–60 minutes transform your body in 60 days with the most intense workout program ever put on dvd. max interval training—you perform long bursts of maximum-intensity exercise with short periods of rest. p90x® tony horton 45–60 minutes advanced total-body training program focused on abs, legs, chest, back, and arms. twelve routines that keep introducing new moves and challenging your muscles to get you absolutely ripped in 90 days. p90x3® tony horton 30 minutes get ripped in 30 minutes a day. study after study shows that the most dramatic body transformations happen . . . in the first 30 minutes of exercise. tony horton's breakthrough muscle acceleration system combines a highly structured, plateau-busting schedule with an unprecedented variety of moves that keep every muscle challenged every day for 30 minutes of full-throttle intensity. p90x3 is a whole workout in half the time. focus t25® shaun t 25minutes get an hour's results in 25 minutes a day! high-intensity, non-stop, 25-minute workouts that give you everything you need, nothing you don't. 25 minutes. 5 days a week. 100% results. turbofire® chalene johnson 10–55 minutes burn up to 9x more fat and calories than with traditional cardio. high intensity interval training (hiit) ignites your metabolism and helps your body burn calories for up to 48 hours after your workout. body beast® sagi kalev 11–53 minutes strip away fat while carving lean muscle in just 90 days. get the head-turning physique you've always wanted. body beast fuses basic resistance training with breakthrough sports science in 12 extreme muscle-building and fat-shredding workouts. plus, the body beast eating plan takes all the guesswork out of getting built! p90x2® tony horton 50–60 minutes each workout engages more muscles with every move, helping you build the body of an athlete in just 90 days. features a breakthrough in sports science called muscle integration, a training technique focused on instability. by doing resistance moves on one foot, a ball, or some other unstable platform, your body is forced to engage more muscles with each movement of the 12 workouts, burning more calories and delivering the kind of results pro athletes pay thousands of dollars for. insanity: the asylum™ shaun t 45–60 minutes get stronger, faster, and quicker in just 30 days. unleash your inner world-class athlete through plyometrics, speed, agility, strength, and core workouts in a jaw-dropping series of progressions. in just 30 days, you'll push yourself to the next level of game-day readiness with dramatic, measurable improvements in your athletic performance. les mills pump les mills pump international pro team 20–55 minutes benefits: barbell-based rapid weight loss and accelerated strength training program for lean muscle building without the bulk. how it works: using the barbell and the rep effect™ to lift lighter weights at a higher rate of repetition boosts your heart rate and burns more fat and calories than traditional weight workouts. les mills combat dan cohenrachael newsham 30–60 minutes carve a lean, strong, chiseled body in just 60 days with the ultimate mixed martial arts program. fast twitch integration training blends the most dynamic moves from karate, taekwondo, boxing, muay thai/kickboxing, capoeira, and jiu jitsu, and combines them in explosive, escalating patterns that work your fast-twitch muscles—the ones with the greatest capacity for change—like crazy! you’ll burn massive amounts of fat and calories both during the workout and long after. that's how it builds your best body ever in just 60 days chalean extreme® chalene johnson 30–45 minutes advanced circuit training program develops lean, sexy muscle to help you burn up to 60% of your body fat for overall body transformation. the proven 3-phase circuit training technique is guaranteed to give you results every 30 days—the more muscle you build, the more fat your burn because muscle burns fat®! return to extreme results fitness programs cardio/fat burning our best cardio programs for accelerating your fat-burning results! program trainer workout benefits how it works insanity max:30™ shaun t 30 minutes get ready to max out for max results in 30 minutes a day—no equipment needed! every day you'll push a little harder, go a little longer, and dig a little deeper. it's not about finishing all 30 minutes—it's about seeing how far you'll go before you max out. there's no equipment needed; all you have to do is work to your max and get insane results in 30 minutes a day. p90® tony horton 25–45 minutes 90-day body transformation for everyone now you don't have to go to the extreme to get dramatic, visible results! tony horton's all-new p90® workouts are simple, doable, and made to change your body right away—regardless of your age or fitness level. piyo® chalene johnson 20 – 45 minutes burn fat as you define every muscle in your body without straining your joints. piyo combines the muscle-sculpting, core-firming benefits of pilates with the strength and flexibility advantages of yoga. it cranks up the speed to deliver a true fat-burning, low-impact workout that leaves your body looking long, lean, and incredibly defined. insanity® shaun t 30–60 minutes transform your body in 60 days with the most intense workout program ever put on dvd. max interval training—you perform long bursts of maximum-intensity exercise with short periods of rest. p90x® tony horton 45–60 minutes advanced total-body training program focused on abs, legs, chest, back, and arms. twelve routines that keep introducing new moves and challenging your muscles to get you absolutely ripped in 90 days. focus t25® shaun t 25minutes get an hour's results in 25 minutes a day! high-intensity, non-stop, 25-minute workouts that give you everything you need, nothing you don't. 25 minutes. 5 days a week. 100% results. 21 day fix™ autumn calabrese 30minutes simple fitness combined with simple eating helps you see results fast. easy-to-follow portion control and 30-minute workouts take the guesswork out of losing weight. no more counting, weighing, or measuring—just quick results. turbofire® chalene johnson 10–55 minutes burn up to 9x more fat and calories than with traditional cardio. high intensity interval training (hiit) ignites your metabolism and helps your body burn calories for up to 48 hours after your workout. brazil butt lift® leandro carvalho 10–50 minutes shape, lift and firm and your butt. the triangle training method targets all three major muscles of the buttocks from multiple angles to shape and transform. insanity: the asylum™ shaun t 45–60 minutes get stronger, faster, and quicker in just 30 days. unleash your inner world-class athlete through plyometrics, speed, agility, strength, and core workouts in a jaw-dropping series of progressions. in just 30 days, you'll push yourself to the next level of game-day readiness with dramatic, measurable improvements in your athletic performance. les mills pump les mills pump international pro team 20–55 minutes benefits: barbell-based rapid weight loss and accelerated strength training program for lean muscle building without the bulk. how it works: using the barbell and the rep effect™ to lift lighter weights at a higher rate of repetition boosts your heart rate and burns more fat and calories than traditional weight workouts. les mills combat dan cohenrachael newsham 30–60 minutes carve a lean, strong, chiseled body in just 60 days with the ultimate mixed martial arts program. fast twitch integration training blends the most dynamic moves from karate, taekwondo, boxing, muay thai/kickboxing, capoeira, and jiu jitsu, and combines them in explosive, escalating patterns that work your fast-twitch muscles—the ones with the greatest capacity for change—like crazy! you’ll burn massive amounts of fat and calories both during the workout and long after. that's how it builds your best body ever in just 60 days brazil butt lift master series leandro carvalho 30 minutes advanced workouts and new tools will not only help you perfect your booty, but also get the tight, sexy bikini body of your dreams. leandro takes his triangle training method to the next level with 3 innovative workouts that incorporate heavier weights and the stability ball to engage your core with every move, for your ultimate bikini body. turbo jam® chalene johnson 20–45 minutes calorie burning and total-body sculpting focused on abs and thighs. kickboxing and body sculpting to the hottest tunes to burn more calories than almost any other exercise. hip hop abs® shaun t 25–45 minutes calorie-burning cardio and total-body sculpting focused on abs and core. fun hip hop dance moves set to hot music to burn fat and sculpt lean sexy abs. rockin' body™ shaun t 15–45 minutes calorie-burning cardio and full-body sculpting moves. party off the pounds as you dance and sweat to the hottest hits of all time. return to cardio/fat burning programs specialty programs workouts designed for younger people, older people, and people with special needs. program trainer workout benefits how it works body beast® sagi kalev 11–53 minutes strip away fat while carving lean muscle in just 90 days. get the head-turning physique you've always wanted. body beast fuses basic resistance training with breakthrough sports science in 12 extreme muscle-building and fat-shredding workouts. plus, the body beast eating plan takes all the guesswork out of getting built! tai cheng™ dr. mark cheng 30–60 minutes rediscover your youthful energy, mobility, agility, vitality, and well-being. learn 18 healing tai chi movements, and combine them into a health-boosting routine. incorporate gentle stretching, breathing exercises, and foam roller techniques to help awaken your natural energy; increase flexibility and mobility; and reduce joint and muscle pain. p90x2® tony horton 50–60 minutes each workout engages more muscles with every move, helping you build the body of an athlete in just 90 days. features a breakthrough in sports science called muscle integration, a training technique focused on instability. by doing resistance moves on one foot, a ball, or some other unstable platform, your body is forced to engage more muscles with each movement of the 12 workouts, burning more calories and delivering the kind of results pro athletes pay thousands of dollars for. insanity: the asylum™ shaun t 45–60 minutes get stronger, faster, and quicker in just 30 days. unleash your inner world-class athlete through plyometrics, speed, agility, strength, and core workouts in a jaw-dropping series of progressions. in just 30 days, you'll push yourself to the next level of game-day readiness with dramatic, measurable improvements in your athletic performance. return to specialty fitness programs the rep effect™ is a trademark of les mills pump international limited and is used under license. secure online ordering fast 'n' easy checkout no-hassle returns friendly customer service free newsletter get special offers and expert advice! questions? click here to chat live with a customer service representative. home | about us | careers | press | newsletters | message boards | customer service | live chat | my account | terms of use | privacy policy | site map | contact us | shopping cart | index + †results may vary. exercise and proper diet are necessary to achieve and maintain weight loss and muscle definition. please consult with a physician before beginning any exercise program. © 2015 beachbody, llc. all rights reserved. workout workout videos and dvds ab workout videos and dvds home workouts home workout routines fitness fitness dvds and videos fitness workout dvds and videos cardio cardio dvds and videos best cardio dvds and videos exercise exercise dvds and videos exercise programs fat burning interval training weight loss weight loss dvds and videos home weight loss programs strength training nutrition category:fitness programs:compare fitness programs