来源URL: https://web.archive.org/web/20151126070504/https://www.beachbody.com/product/about_us/privacy_policy.do
================================================================================

beachbody privacy policy - fitness, nutrition, diet, weight loss official web site - beachbody.com - fitness, nutrition, diet, weight loss official web site warning you are using an older version of the internet explorer browser which is no longer compatible with the features of this site. please upgrade to the latest browser version for an optimized experience on this site. ok 1 (800) 207-0420 search home beachbody on demand learn more sign in fitness programs all programs best sellers weight loss advanced express abs/core dance extreme results cardio/fat burning getting started specialty programs compare programs supplements best sellers beachbody performance meal replacement muscle enhancement p90x® peak performance weight loss wellness gear best sellers bands, balls & weights p90x® gear p90x2® gear 21 day fix® gear insanity: the asylum® gear body beast® gear les mills gear turbo jam® gear revabs® gear core/yoga gear fitness trackers beachbody apparel turbo wear success stories videos beachbody videos p90x® videos p90® videos 21 day fix extreme® videos insanity max:30™ videos 3-day refresh® videos 21 day fix™ videos focus t25™ videos piyo® videos turbo jam® videos turbofire® videos 10 minute trainer® videos p90x one on one™ videos chalean extreme® videos slim in 6® videos hip hop abs® videos rockin' body® videos community & support social community beachbody® blog beachbody challenge team beachbody® login join team beachbody® club become a coach message boards customer support contact us beachbody® call now 1 (800) 207-0420 or order online. we ship worldwide. choose a product . . . beachbody home page ------------------------------ as seen on tv ------------------------------ insanity® 10-minute trainer® derm exclusive® anti-aging skin care p90x® rockin' body® hip hop abs® brazil butt lift® --------------------------- more fitness programs --------------------------- 10-minute trainer® deluxe 21 day fix™ 21 day fix™ deluxe 21 day fix™ plyo fix dvd 21 day fix™ ultimate dvd 21 day fix extreme® 21 day fix extreme® ultimate upgrade 21 day fix extreme® the fix challenge 21 day fix extreme® ultimate dvd body beast® body beast® lucky 7 dvd body beast® tempo workouts dvd body beast®—more exciting products brazil butt lift® master series brazil butt lift® deluxe upgrade brazil butt lift® leandro's secret weapon workout chalean extreme® chalean extreme® deluxe upgrade chalean extreme®—more exciting products chalene johnson's get on the ball! cize™ cize™ deluxe upgrade cize™ deluxe dvd focus t25® focus t25® core speed focus t25® gamma cycle dvds focus t25® gamma deluxe get real with shaun t™ hip hop abs® extreme hip hop abs® ultimate results! hip hop abs®—more exciting products ho'ala ke kino insanity® deluxe insanity® fast and furious insanity® fast and furious abs insanity® sweat fest dvd insanity max:30™ insanity max:30™ ab maximizer kit insanity max:30™ deluxe dvds insanity® sanity check insanity: the asylum® vol. 1 insanity: the asylum® vol. 2 insanity: the asylum® vol. 2 pure contact insanity®—more exciting products! les mills combat les mills combat ultimate warrior dvds p90® p90® deluxe upgrade package p90® speed series dvds p90x2® p90x3® p90x3® elite block workouts p90x one on one® p90x plus—the next level p90x®—more exciting products piyo® piyo® hardcore on the floor dvd piyo® strength® dvd power half hour® revabs®—more exciting products rockin' body® shaun t's dance party series shaun t's fit kids™ club slim in 6® slim in 6®—more exciting products slim series® slim series® express tai cheng™ tai cheng™ body alignment for better living tai cheng™—more exciting products total body solution™ turbofire® turbofire® advanced classes turbofire® fire starter pack turbofire® keep on burnin' turbo jam® turbo jam® fat burning elite turbo jam® live! turbo jam®—more exciting products yoga booty ballet® ab & butt makeover yoga booty ballet® baby on the way yoga booty ballet® master series yoga booty ballet® pure & simple yoga yoga booty ballet®—more exciting products --------------------------- nutrition & supplements --------------------------- beachbody performance™ shakeology® 3-day refresh® beachbody® hardcore base shake beachbody® fuel shot beachbody® m.a.x creatine beachbody® super suma activit® multivitamins cordastra™ core cal-mag™ core omega-3™ core nutrition pack e&e energy and endurance formula® meal replacement shake p90x® peak performance protein bars p90x® results and recovery formula slimming formula --------------------------- fitness gear --------------------------- ankle weights 5lb adjustable ankle weights balance ball beachbody jump mat beachbody® core comfort mat bands, balls & weights beachbody strength slides™ body fat tester core/yoga gear insanity: the asylum™ gear les mills combat training gloves p90x® gear p90x2® gear 21 day fix® gear p90x® chin-up bar p90x® chin-up max p90x® posters plyometrics mat push-up stands resistance bands—handles resistance bands—individual resistance bands—standard kit resistance bands—super kit resistance bands—extreme kit resistance bands—complete kit resistance bands—upgrade kit sculpting bands strength bands tai cheng™ foam roller tai cheng™ rumbleroller® tony horton's powerstands® turbo jam® gear walking bands weighted gloves yoga blocks yoga monster mat --------------------------- diet and support tools --------------------------- 3-day refresh maintenance guide 6-day express™ diet plan chatrooms message boards michi's ladder team beachbody® club beachbody challenge homefitness programssupplementsgearsuccess storiesvideoscommunity & supportshopping cart all fitness programsbest sellersweight lossadvancedexpressabs/coredanceextreme resultscardio/fat burninggetting startedspecialty programscompare fitness programs best sellersbeachbody performancemeal replacementmuscle enhancementp90x® peak performanceweight losswellness best sellersbands, balls & weightsp90x® gearp90x2® gear21 day fix® gearinsanity: the asylum® gear body beast® gear les mills gear turbo jam® gearrevabs® gearcore/yoga gearfitness trackersbeachbody apparelturbo wear beachbody videos p90x® videos p90® videos 21 day fix extreme® videos insanity max:30™ videos 3-day refresh® videos 21 day fix™ videos focus t25™ videos piyo® videos turbo jam® videos turbofire® videos 10 minute trainer® videos p90x one on one™ videos chalean extreme® videos slim in 6® videos hip hop abs® videos rockin' body® videos social communitybeachbody® blogbeachbody challengeteam beachbody® loginjoin team beachbody® clubbecome a coachmessage boardscustomer supportcontact us privacy policy tell a friend welcome to beachbody, llc, and its affiliates, subsidiaries and wholly owned business units, including, but not limited to: beachbody®, team beachbody®, and beauty by beachbody (collectively, "beachbody" or "us" or "we" or "our"). beachbody has created this privacy policy to demonstrate our commitment to protecting your privacy, and to disclose our information-gathering and dissemination practices. this privacy policy is here to tell you about, among other things: the information beachbody collects through any of our web sites, including, but not limited to, beachbody.com, beachbody.co.uk, teambeachbody.com, and beautybybeachbody.com ("web sites"), and through telemarketing, web site and mobile applications and other means, how we use the information we collect, how you can opt out of certain uses of the information we collect, and how beachbody can make changes to this privacy policy please let us know if you have any questions regarding this privacy policy by contacting us at privacy@beachbody.com. but first a note about children's privacy . . . we do not knowingly collect personal information from children under the age of 13. if we learn that we have inadvertently obtained personal information on a child under the age of 13, that information will be deleted from our systems. beachbody encourages parents to go online with their kids. here are a few tips to help make a child's online experience safer: teach kids never to give out personal information, unless supervised by a parent or responsible adult. this includes their name, address, phone number, school, etc. know the sites your kids are visiting and which sites are appropriate. look for web site and other privacy policies. know how your child's information is being treated. what information does beachbody collect? in collecting your personal information, we aim to provide you with a more customized experience. this information lets us provide services and features that we think are more likely to meet your needs. of course, users may be able to use our products or services, or browse our web sites without providing any personal information, but once you give us this personal information, you are not anonymous to us, and we consider that you consent to the collection, use and disclosure of your personal information as described in this policy. beachbody collects the following types of information when you visit our web site(s) or you do business with us via any medium: personal information: this is information that may be used to identify you individually, including your name, shipping and billing addresses, phone number, email address, credit card information and date of birth. we may also collect your social security number/social insurance number, which is required to remit commission payments if you sign up as a team beachbody coach. we request this information from you on and off our web site(s), for example, when you call us, sign up for our newsletter, visit or subscribe to our web site(s), use our mobile or web applications or purchase an item or service. from time to time, we may also request or obtain personal information about you and your interests through surveys, contest/sweepstakes entry forms, our mobile applications, social media web sites, from affiliated companies (defined below) or in other ways. you may always choose not to provide us with your personal information; however, this may limit our ability to provide you with specific products, services or information, or to offer you personalized content. nonpersonal information: this is information which we do not associate with individuals, such as ip addresses (a number that can be used to identify your location and internet service provider), the type of browser or device you are using, and aggregated information about user activities on our web site(s), including the url from which you came to our web site(s) and the urls that you visited on our web site(s). business information: if you apply to join our affiliate program, we may collect information about your business, including, without limitation, your (or your organization's) name, email address, street address, telephone number, tax identification number, and information about your web site (e.g., the url, the number of unique users and page views, the demographics of your user base, etc.). information we obtain from other sources: we may collect information about you from other sources, including through interactive applications (such as mobile devices/applications and third-party services) and from commercially available sources (such as data aggregators and public databases). for example, if you access third-party services (such as facebook connect) through or in connection with our web site(s), we collect information available about you through those services, including, but not limited to, personal information as well as publicly observable data, such as activities on blogs, videos, and other online postings. cookies: we also use a feature of your browser called a cookie to assign identification to your computer that may be placed by us or a third party with whom we partner. cookies allow us to better understand your preferences and personalize the content on our web sites to give you a better overall shopping experience. the unique user id contained within your cookie automatically identifies your computer—but not you—to our servers every time you visit our web site(s). cookies by themselves cannot be used to find out the identity of any user, but may be combined with identity information in our log files. you can turn off the cookie feature by using your browser preference options, but you may not be able to utilize some of the features or services on our web sites properly. current versions of many web browsers offer enhanced user controls for the placement and duration of cookies. search for "cookies" under your web browser's help menu for more information on the cookie management features available to you. pixel tags: we also collect information through the use of "pixel tags" on our web sites and in email messages we may send to you that may be placed by us or a third party with whom we partner. pixel tags, also known as "web beacons," are tiny graphic files, not visible to the human eye, that are included in html-encoded email messages. when such a message is opened in an html-capable email program, the recipient's computer will access our server to retrieve the pixel tag file, allowing us to record and store, along with the recipient's email address, the date and time the recipient viewed the email message, the fact that the recipient's email program is capable of receiving html-encoded email, and other standard logging information. the pixel tag may also see or read cookies. beachbody may use pixel tags in order to measure and understand traffic better, to track visitor behavior to improve user experience, and for tracking promotional and marketing campaign response, among others. you can disable the pixel tag feature by changing your browser settings to omit images and disable javascript; or there are commercial software packages available that can omit pixel tags and most advertisements. targeted advertising; do not track signals: some web browsers offer a "do not track" ("dnt") signal that is a http header field indicating your preference regarding tracking or cross-site user tracking. although we're currently unable to honor dnt signals, we do not collect personal information when you visit our web site(s) unless you provide such information to us. we also work with third parties that use tracking technologies on our web sites in order to provide tailored advertisements on our behalf and on behalf of other advertisers across the internet. these companies may collect information about your activity on our sites and your interaction with our advertising and other communications, and use this information to determine which ads you see on third party websites and applications. for more information about this practice and to understand your options, please visit www.youradchoices.com (u.s.), www.youradchoices.ca (canada) or the network advertising initiative at www.networkadvertising.org. how does beachbody use the information it collects? we use your personal information in the following ways: to fulfill your orders and communicate with you about your orders, to process your requests, contact you in response to customer service complaints you have submitted, to address a problem affecting your use of a product or service, or to verify information concerning a transaction, to improve our products, services and advertising, to personalize our web site(s), target advertising or promotions that may be of interest to you, or conduct business that we feel would be of interest to you, to send important notices to you or tell you about new products or services, to contact you about beachbody's or any of its business units' or partners' products or services that we think you will find useful, or to contact you to see if you are interested in participating in market research regarding beachbody. for information about opting out of communications about our products, services or market research, or those of our partners', please see our opt-out policy section below. we may also use non-personal information (i.e., cookie and ip addresses information) to help diagnose problems with our server, administer our web site(s), count and track web site visits and purchases in the aggregate, personalize the web site(s) for each unique user, control the frequency of individual advertisements to individual computers, and target advertisements and promotions to broad demographic segments. to whom does beachbody disclose your personal information? third party suppliers; transaction processing: when you make a purchase, we may need to provide personal information, including information such as your shipping address, billing information, telephone number, and credit card information, to third parties, including product manufacturers and shipping companies, as necessary solely to complete the transaction. assignment to a coach and information release: to maximize the benefits of our products and services, we assign a team beachbody coach (a "coach") to all customers who agree to a team beachbody club membership or who consent to be contacted by a coach. your assigned coach is available to assist you in understanding and using the products you ordered, and give you the motivation you need to achieve your fitness goals. to help you both get in contact, your assigned coach will receive access to certain information you provided during your purchase process, such as your name, address, phone number, e-mail address and the names of the products you purchased. please note that beachbody will never provide your assigned coach your credit or debit card information or, if you provided it, your social security number/social insurance number. third party or co-branded offers: beachbody occasionally partners with third parties ("affiliated company") to offer additional products or services that we feel may be useful to you. in such case, we may disclose to an affiliated company certain limited information, such as your name and shipping address. if you request information or purchase a particular product or service from an affiliated company, we may disclose additional information such as your e-mail address, phone number and other contact information, and if you purchased a product, your credit card information. if you do not want us to disclose your personal information to the affiliated companies, please refer to the opt-out policy below. legal requirements: we may, in our sole discretion, disclose personal information when we deem necessary or appropriate to law enforcement or other entities or third parties as required by law or to protect our rights or the rights of others, to prevent harm to persons or property, to fight fraud, identity theft, or otherwise to comply with the law or legal process, to respond to claims, to protect our systems and customers, to ensure the integrity and operation of our business and systems, or to protect the rights, property, or safety of beachbody and its employees or others. business and accounting disclosures: we may also disclose non-identifying transaction information to third parties for the purpose of accounting and record keeping. we may also disclose aggregate user data or nonpersonal information in order to describe our services to prospective business partners, advertisers, and others, but will do so only in a form that does not identify individual users. other disclosures: occasionally, we may disclose personal information in other circumstances, but we will only do this if we have explained at the time we collect the information the purpose for which it will be disclosed. in certain other circumstances, we may be obligated to disclose your personal information to others, such as a governmental body or regulatory authority. these circumstances could include to comply with our duty to disclose or share your personal information under any legal obligation, to enforce or apply our terms of use and other agreements between you and us or to protect the right, property or safety of beachbody. opt-out policy you may opt out of receiving certain communications from us (i.e. notices about new products or services or marketing research) or from affiliated companies or other third parties (i.e. our partners' products and services or third party/co-branded offers), by emailing us at: privacy@beachbody.com or writing to us at: beachbody, llc 3301 exposition blvd., 3rd floor santa monica, ca 90404 attention: legal department in addition, we may contact you via email or use targeted online advertising as permissible by law. in the case of email, we may include instructions to enable you to unsubscribe from future emails if you so choose. you agree and understand that while we will do our best to comply with your request, we shall not be liable for any problems or delays associated with the opt-out process. for any targeted online advertising, you can learn more by visiting www.youradchoices.com (u.s.), www.youradchoices.ca (canada) or the network advertising initiative at www.networkadvertising.org. third party tools/services at various points and pages on our web site(s), you may be able to access or utilize tools and/or services offered by or in conjunction with third parties, including tools and services in connection with third-party "social media" and other sites that would allow personal information to be transferred to such third parties (for example, facebook connect). these third parties have separate data collection and privacy practices independent from ours, and thus beachbody cannot be responsible for their policies or activities. please contact those third parties directly if you have questions about their privacy policies. security beachbody uses industry-standard security measures in place to protect the loss, misuse, and alteration of the information under our control, and we make good-faith efforts to store your personal information in a secure operating environment. unfortunately, no data transmission over the internet can be guaranteed to be absolutely secure. as a result, while we strive to protect your personal information, we cannot ensure or warrant the security of any information you transmit to us or our online products or services, and you do so at your own risk. other web sites; links on our web site(s) and in communication with you, we may include links or referrals to businesses and web sites operated by our business partners, affiliates, advertisers, and others. these third parties have separate data collection and privacy practices independent from ours, and thus beachbody cannot be responsible for their policies or activities. please contact those third parties directly if you have questions about their privacy policies. community center/community chatrooms/message boards our web site(s) includes online forums, chat rooms, message boards, and other interactive technologies that allow comments, messages, emails, and postings to be associated with a user's name or email address. any information you post is public information, and beachbody cannot control what use third parties may make of this personal information. all of these forums are public. please consider this before you post. how can i access, update, or delete my information? beachbody does not currently have a method for users to delete the personal information contained in our database, however, you can contact us to withdraw your consent for us to use your information at any time, subject to legal or contractual restrictions. you may access or update the personal information we have collected by calling our customer service department or logging into your team beachbody account if you created one. when calling our customer service department, please have available your email address, order number, the name of the product you purchased, and the information you wish to change. our customer service department will use commercially reasonable efforts to respond to requests for personal information and our provision of the same is subject to legal and business restrictions. in addition, you may delete the cookies stored on your computer, which will cause our system to perceive you as a new user with no known user data. you may also set your browser to reject cookies, but doing so may prevent you from using some of our services. users based outside of the usa; transfer of personal information like almost every web site and business, beachbody and its web site(s) may be accessed by an international audience. by visiting any of our web site(s) and providing us with data, you acknowledge and agree that your personal information may be processed for the purposes identified in this policy. in addition, such data may be transferred and stored on servers located in the united states of america or otherwise outside your resident jurisdiction; such jurisdictions may have less stringent privacy practices than your own. our affiliated companies and third party service providers may also be located outside of your jurisdiction. by providing us with your data, you consent to the transfer of such data. personal information that is transferred or maintained outside of your jurisdiction could be accessible to law enforcement agencies according to the laws of the applicable foreign country. what happens to my information if beachbody is sold to or merges with another company? it is possible that beachbody and/or any of our assets may be acquired by an unrelated third party. in such a transaction, as the owner of this customer information, we may disclose or sell the information as an asset of the company in conjunction with the sale of our company or the sale of a portion of our assets to a third party. while we will endeavor to require the successor company to maintain this privacy policy, we cannot guarantee that our policy will remain in effect. changes to this policy this policy may change from time to time. if we make any substantive changes to the policy in the future with regard to how we use your information, we will post those changes on our web site(s) in this location together with the date of the last update. your continued business relationship or use of the web site(s) after the changes are posted constitutes your agreement to the changes, both with regard to information we have previously collected from you and with regard to information we collect from you in the future. if you do not agree to the changes, please discontinue your use of our web site(s) or business relationship with us. contacting beachbody please feel free to share any comments, concerns, or complaints with us. if you have any questions about this privacy policy or the practices of this web site, please contact: beachbody, llc 3301 exposition blvd., 3rd floor santa monica, ca 90404 attention: legal department or email us: privacy@beachbody.com last updated and effective: june 30, 2014 more about us company overviewabout our products fitness experts executive team press careers product submissions privacy policy terms of use california transparency in supply chains act contact us free newsletter get special offers, plus free health, fitness, and weight loss tips. follow beachbody online connect with beachbody, fans, coaches, and your favorite trainers! social media beachbody p90x shakeology team beachbody game plan beachbody p90x beachbody beachbody blogs carl daikeler beauty by beachbody steve edwards tony horton chalene johnson message boards beachbody message boards rss feeds (what is rss?) beachbody blog p90x extreme newsletter share this page bookmark or share this page by emailing it to your friends, or adding it to your favorite networking sites! simply mouse over the share icon below for options. free newsletter questions? contact us | customer service | live chat secure online ordering fast 'n' easy checkout no-hassle returns friendly customer service about us | careers | newsletters | california supply chains act | press | terms of use | privacy policy †results may vary. exercise and proper diet are necessary to achieve and maintain weight loss and muscle definition. please consult with a physician before beginning any exercise program. © 2015 beachbody, llc. all rights reserved. secure online ordering fast 'n' easy checkout no-hassle returns friendly customer service free newsletter get special offers and expert advice! questions? click here to chat live with a customer service representative. home | about us | careers | press | beachbody® blog | california supply chains act | customer service | live chat | terms of use | privacy policy | site map | contact us | shopping cart | index + †results may vary. exercise and proper diet are necessary to achieve and maintain weight loss and muscle definition. please consult with a physician before beginning any exercise program. © 2015 beachbody, llc. all rights reserved. workout workout videos and dvds ab workout videos and dvds home workouts home workout routines fitness fitness dvds and videos fitness workout dvds and videos cardio cardio dvds and videos best cardio dvds and videos exercise exercise dvds and videos exercise programs fat burning interval training weight loss weight loss dvds and videos home weight loss programs strength training nutrition