来源URL: https://web.archive.org/web/20161229122428/https://www.beachbody.com/category/fitness_programs/compare_fitness_programs.do
================================================================================

compare beachbody fitness programs - which fitness program fits your needs? - beachbody.com warning you are using an older version of the internet explorer browser which is no longer compatible with the features of this site. please upgrade to the latest browser version for an optimized experience on this site. ok home beachbody on demandbeachbody on demand learn more sign in fitness programsfitness programs all programs best sellers weight loss advanced express abs/core dance extreme results cardio/fat burning getting started specialty programs compare programs supplementssupplements best sellers beachbody performance daily nutrition muscle enhancement weight loss wellness geargear best sellers bands, balls & weights p90x® gear p90x2® gear 21 day fix® gear insanity: the asylum® gear body beast® gear turbo jam® gear core/yoga gear fitness trackers beachbody apparel turbo wear success stories videosvideos beachbody videos the master's hammer and chisel® videos p90x® videos p90® videos 21 day fix extreme® videos insanity max:30™ videos 3-day refresh® videos 21 day fix® videos focus t25™ videos piyo® videos turbo jam® videos turbofire® videos 10 minute trainer® videos p90x one on one™ videos chalean extreme® videos slim in 6® videos hip hop abs® videos rockin' body® videos community & supportcommunity & support social community beachbody® blog beachbody challenge team beachbody® login join team beachbody® club become a coach message boards customer support contact us 1 (800) 996-2819 search beachbody® call now 1 (800) 996-2819 or order online. we ship worldwide. choose a product . . . beachbody home page see all as seen on tv insanity® 10-minute trainer® p90x® rockin' body® hip hop abs® brazil butt lift® see all more fitness programs 10-minute trainer® deluxe 21 day fix® 21 day fix® deluxe 21 day fix® plyo fix dvd 21 day fix® ultimate dvd 21 day fix extreme® 21 day fix extreme® ultimate upgrade 21 day fix extreme® the fix challenge 21 day fix extreme® ultimate dvd 22 minute hard corps™ 22 minute hard corps™ battle buddy 22 minute hard corps™ deluxe upgrade 22 minute hard corps™ deluxe dvd body beast® body beast® lucky 7 dvd body beast® tempo workouts dvd body beast®—more exciting products brazil butt lift® master series brazil butt lift® deluxe upgrade brazil butt lift® leandro's secret weapon workout chalean extreme® chalean extreme® deluxe upgrade chalean extreme®—more exciting products chalene johnson's get on the ball! cize™ cize™ deluxe upgrade cize™ deluxe dvd cize™ hold your own dvd country heat™ country heat™ deluxe upgrade country heat™ deluxe dvd focus t25® focus t25® core speed focus t25® gamma cycle dvds focus t25® gamma deluxe get real with shaun t™ hip hop abs® extreme hip hop abs® ultimate results! insanity® deluxe insanity® fast and furious insanity® fast and furious abs insanity® sweat fest dvd insanity max:30™ insanity max:30™ ab maximizer kit insanity max:30™ deluxe dvds insanity® sanity check insanity: the asylum® vol. 1 insanity: the asylum® vol. 2 insanity: the asylum® vol. 2 pure contact insanity®—more exciting products! p90® p90® deluxe upgrade package p90® speed series dvds p90x2® p90x3® p90x3® elite block workouts p90x one on one® p90x plus—the next level p90x®—more exciting products piyo® piyo® hardcore on the floor dvd piyo® strength® dvd power half hour® revabs®—more exciting products rockin' body® shaun t's dance party series shaun t's fit kids™ club slim in 6® slim in 6®—more exciting products slim series® slim series® express tai cheng® tai cheng® body alignment for better living tai cheng®—more exciting products the master's hammer and chisel™ the master's hammer and chisel™ deluxe dvd the master's hammer and chisel™ deluxe upgrade the master's hammer and chisel™ team beachbody® exclusive turbofire® turbofire® advanced classes turbofire® fire starter pack turbofire® keep on burnin' turbo jam® turbo jam® fat burning elite turbo jam® live! turbo jam®—more exciting products see all nutrition & supplements beachbody performance™ shakeology® 3-day refresh® activit® multivitamins e&e energy and endurance formula® see all fitness gear ankle weights 5lb adjustable ankle weights balance ballbeachbody jump mat beachbody® core comfort mat bands, balls & weights beachbody strength slides™ body fat tester beachbody® pt sandbag core/yoga gear insanity: the asylum™ gear p90x® gear p90x2® gear 21 day fix® gear p90x® chin-up bar p90x® chin-up max p90x® posters plyometrics mat pt sandbag push-up stands resistance bands—handles resistance bands—individual resistance bands—standard kit resistance bands—super kit resistance bands—extreme kit resistance bands—complete kit resistance bands—upgrade kit sculpting bands strength bands tai cheng® foam roller tony horton's powerstands® turbo jam® gear walking bands weighted gloves yoga blocks yoga monster mat see all diet and support tools 3-day refresh maintenance guide 6-day express™ diet plan chatrooms message boards michi's ladder team beachbody® club beachbody challenge home fitness programs all fitness programs best sellers weight loss advanced express abs/core dance extreme results cardio/fat burning getting started specialty programs compare fitness programs supplements best sellers beachbody performance daily nutrition muscle enhancement weight loss wellness gear best sellers bands, balls & weights p90x® gear p90x2® gear 21 day fix® gear insanity: the asylum® gear body beast® gear turbo jam® gear core/yoga gear fitness trackers beachbody apparel turbo wear success stories videos beachbody videos country heat™ videos the master's hammer and chisel® videos p90x® videos p90® videos 21 day fix extreme® videos insanity max:30™ videos 3-day refresh® videos 21 day fix® videos focus t25™ videos piyo® videos turbo jam® videos turbofire® videos 10 minute trainer® videos p90x one on one™ videos chalean extreme® videos slim in 6® videos hip hop abs® videos rockin' body® videos community & support social community beachbody® blog beachbody challenge team beachbody® login join team beachbody® club become a coach message boards customer support contact us shopping cart compare fitness programs find the best fitness program to fit your needs with our fitness comparison chart below. unfortunately your browser does not have javascript capabilities which are required to exploit full functionality of our site. this could be the result of two possible scenarios: you are using an old web browser, in which case you should upgrade it to a newer version. we recommend the latest version of firefox. you have disabled javascript in you browser, in which case you will have to enable it to properly use our site. information on enabling javascript. best sellers our most popular, effective, and complete programs to help you achieve your fitness and weight loss goals. program trainer workout benefits how it works country heat™ autumn calabrese 30 minutes dance off the pounds and tone and tighten your entire body in just 30 days. created by trainer autumn calabrese, country heat is a high-energy, low-impact, country dance-inspired workout that's so simple and so much fun you'll barely notice you're getting a great total-body workout. for just 30 minutes a day, you'll move nonstop to today's hottest country music while you burn major calories. the program also includes a strength-building dance conditioning workout to help sculpt and tone your body, and a foolproof eating plan and portion-control containers to maximize your results. with country heat, you'll have a blast as you melt away the pounds and reshape your entire body! 22 minute hard corps™ tony horton 22 minutes get "boot camp fit" in 8 weeks. in 22 minute hard corps, legendary trainer tony horton creates a challenging but simple-to-follow workout program inspired by training techniques used by the military. each workout is a quick—and intense—total-body drill designed to get you "boot camp fit" in just 8 weeks. the master's hammer and chisel™ sagi kalev and autumn calabrese 35–40 minutes sculpt your ultimate physique in 60 days. how it works: created by seasoned trainers sagi kalev and autumn calabrese, the master's hammer and chisel is an expert resistance-training system that incorporates the three phases of ssp training—strength, stability, and power—to help rapidly build, chisel, and refine your body for a "masterpiece" physique. cize™ shaun t 35–40 minutes dance your way to fit in just 4 weeks! cize™ breaks down the hottest professionally choreographed dance courses, step-by-step, so that anyone can dance. you'll be so focused on learning the moves that you won't even realize you're burning calories and losing weight! 21 day fix extreme® autumn calabrese 30 minutes get seriously shredded in the shortest time possible. celebrity trainer autumn calabrese has combined simple portion control, clean eating, and extreme 30-minute workouts to help you get the hardbody you’ve always wanted. insanity max:30™ shaun t 30 minutes get ready to max out for max results in 30 minutes a day—no equipment needed! every day you'll push a little harder, go a little longer, and dig a little deeper. it's not about finishing all 30 minutes—it's about seeing how far you'll go before you max out. there's no equipment needed; all you have to do is work to your max and get insane results in 30 minutes a day. p90® tony horton 25–45 minutes 90-day body transformation for everyone now you don't have to go to the extreme to get dramatic, visible results! tony horton's all-new p90® workouts are simple, doable, and made to change your body right away—regardless of your age or fitness level. piyo® chalene johnson 20 – 45 minutes burn fat as you define every muscle in your body without straining your joints. piyo combines the muscle-sculpting, core-firming benefits of pilates with the strength and flexibility advantages of yoga. it cranks up the speed to deliver a true fat-burning, low-impact workout that leaves your body looking long, lean, and incredibly defined. insanity® shaun t 30–60 minutes transform your body in 60 days with the most intense workout program ever put on dvd. max interval training—you perform long bursts of maximum-intensity exercise with short periods of rest. p90x® tony horton 45–60 minutes advanced total-body training program focused on abs, legs, chest, back, and arms. twelve routines that keep introducing new moves and challenging your muscles to get you absolutely ripped in 90 days. p90x3® tony horton 30 minutes get ripped in 30 minutes a day. study after study shows that the most dramatic body transformations happen . . . in the first 30 minutes of exercise. tony horton's breakthrough muscle acceleration system combines a highly structured, plateau-busting schedule with an unprecedented variety of moves that keep every muscle challenged every day for 30 minutes of full-throttle intensity. p90x3 is a whole workout in half the time. focus t25® shaun t 25minutes get an hour's results in 25 minutes a day! high-intensity, non-stop, 25-minute workouts that give you everything you need, nothing you don't. 25 minutes. 5 days a week. 100% results. 21 day fix® autumn calabrese 30minutes simple fitness combined with simple eating helps you see results fast. easy-to-follow portion control and 30-minute workouts take the guesswork out of losing weight. no more counting, weighing, or measuring—just quick results. turbofire® chalene johnson 10–55 minutes burn up to 9x more fat and calories than with traditional cardio. high intensity interval training (hiit) ignites your metabolism and helps your body burn calories for up to 48 hours after your workout. brazil butt lift® leandro carvalho 10–50 minutes shape, lift and firm and your butt. the triangle training method targets all three major muscles of the buttocks from multiple angles to shape and transform. body beast® sagi kalev 11–53 minutes strip away fat while carving lean muscle in just 90 days. get the head-turning physique you've always wanted. body beast fuses basic resistance training with breakthrough sports science in 12 extreme muscle-building and fat-shredding workouts. plus, the body beast eating plan takes all the guesswork out of getting built! 10-minute trainer® tony horton 10 minutes full-body workout in only 10 minutes a day. combines fat-burning cardio, total-body sculpting, and ab moves all at the same time for maximum efficiency! p90x2® tony horton 50–60 minutes each workout engages more muscles with every move, helping you build the body of an athlete in just 90 days. features a breakthrough in sports science called muscle integration, a training technique focused on instability. by doing resistance moves on one foot, a ball, or some other unstable platform, your body is forced to engage more muscles with each movement of the 12 workouts, burning more calories and delivering the kind of results pro athletes pay thousands of dollars for. insanity: the asylum™ shaun t 45–60 minutes get stronger, faster, and quicker in just 30 days. unleash your inner world-class athlete through plyometrics, speed, agility, strength, and core workouts in a jaw-dropping series of progressions. in just 30 days, you'll push yourself to the next level of game-day readiness with dramatic, measurable improvements in your athletic performance. brazil butt lift master series leandro carvalho 30 minutes advanced workouts and new tools will not only help you perfect your booty, but also get the tight, sexy bikini body of your dreams. leandro takes his triangle training method to the next level with 3 innovative workouts that incorporate heavier weights and the stability ball to engage your core with every move, for your ultimate bikini body. tai cheng™ dr. mark cheng 30–60 minutes rediscover your youthful energy, mobility, agility, vitality, and well-being. learn 18 healing tai chi movements, and combine them into a health-boosting routine. incorporate gentle stretching, breathing exercises, and foam roller techniques to help awaken your natural energy; increase flexibility and mobility; and reduce joint and muscle pain. slim in 6® debbie siebers 25–50 minutes full-body slimming and toning focused on abs, thighs, buns, and hips. combines cardio with light resistance moves to burn fat and reshape your body in 6 weeks. turbo jam® chalene johnson 20–45 minutes calorie burning and total-body sculpting focused on abs and thighs. kickboxing and body sculpting to the hottest tunes to burn more calories than almost any other exercise. hip hop abs® shaun t 25–45 minutes calorie-burning cardio and total-body sculpting focused on abs and core. fun hip hop dance moves set to hot music to burn fat and sculpt lean sexy abs. chalean extreme® chalene johnson 30–45 minutes advanced circuit training program develops lean, sexy muscle to help you burn up to 60% of your body fat for overall body transformation. the proven 3-phase circuit training technique is guaranteed to give you results every 30 days—the more muscle you build, the more fat your burn because muscle burns fat®! rockin' body™ shaun t 15–45 minutes calorie-burning cardio and full-body sculpting moves. party off the pounds as you dance and sweat to the hottest hits of all time. return to best sellers fitness programs all fitness levels these programs will help you burn off the pounds to reach your weight goal. program trainer workout benefits how it works country heat™ autumn calabrese 30 minutes dance off the pounds and tone and tighten your entire body in just 30 days. created by trainer autumn calabrese, country heat is a high-energy, low-impact, country dance-inspired workout that's so simple and so much fun you'll barely notice you're getting a great total-body workout. for just 30 minutes a day, you'll move nonstop to today's hottest country music while you burn major calories. the program also includes a strength-building dance conditioning workout to help sculpt and tone your body, and a foolproof eating plan and portion-control containers to maximize your results. with country heat, you'll have a blast as you melt away the pounds and reshape your entire body! 22 minute hard corps™ tony horton 22 minutes get "boot camp fit" in 8 weeks. in 22 minute hard corps, legendary trainer tony horton creates a challenging but simple-to-follow workout program inspired by training techniques used by the military. each workout is a quick—and intense—total-body drill designed to get you "boot camp fit" in just 8 weeks. the master's hammer and chisel™ sagi kalev and autumn calabrese 35–40 minutes sculpt your ultimate physique in 60 days. how it works: created by seasoned trainers sagi kalev and autumn calabrese, the master's hammer and chisel is an expert resistance-training system that incorporates the three phases of ssp training—strength, stability, and power—to help rapidly build, chisel, and refine your body for a "masterpiece" physique. cize™ shaun t 35–40 minutes dance your way to fit in just 4 weeks! cize™ breaks down the hottest professionally choreographed dance courses, step-by-step, so that anyone can dance. you'll be so focused on learning the moves that you won't even realize you're burning calories and losing weight! p90® tony horton 25–45 minutes 90-day body transformation for everyone now you don't have to go to the extreme to get dramatic, visible results! tony horton's all-new p90® workouts are simple, doable, and made to change your body right away—regardless of your age or fitness level. piyo® chalene johnson 20 – 45 minutes burn fat as you define every muscle in your body without straining your joints. piyo combines the muscle-sculpting, core-firming benefits of pilates with the strength and flexibility advantages of yoga. it cranks up the speed to deliver a true fat-burning, low-impact workout that leaves your body looking long, lean, and incredibly defined. brazil butt lift® leandro carvalho 10–50 minutes shape, lift and firm and your butt. the triangle training method targets all three major muscles of the buttocks from multiple angles to shape and transform. 10-minute trainer® tony horton 10 minutes full-body workout in only 10 minutes a day. combines fat-burning cardio, total-body sculpting, and ab moves all at the same time for maximum efficiency! p90x3® tony horton 30 minutes get ripped in 30 minutes a day. study after study shows that the most dramatic body transformations happen . . . in the first 30 minutes of exercise. tony horton's breakthrough muscle acceleration system combines a highly structured, plateau-busting schedule with an unprecedented variety of moves that keep every muscle challenged every day for 30 minutes of full-throttle intensity. p90x3 is a whole workout in half the time. focus t25® shaun t 25minutes get an hour's results in 25 minutes a day! high-intensity, non-stop, 25-minute workouts that give you everything you need, nothing you don't. 25 minutes. 5 days a week. 100% results. brazil butt lift master series leandro carvalho 30 minutes advanced workouts and new tools will not only help you perfect your booty, but also get the tight, sexy bikini body of your dreams. leandro takes his triangle training method to the next level with 3 innovative workouts that incorporate heavier weights and the stability ball to engage your core with every move, for your ultimate bikini body. tai cheng™ dr. mark cheng 30–60 minutes rediscover your youthful energy, mobility, agility, vitality, and well-being. learn 18 healing tai chi movements, and combine them into a health-boosting routine. incorporate gentle stretching, breathing exercises, and foam roller techniques to help awaken your natural energy; increase flexibility and mobility; and reduce joint and muscle pain. slim in 6® debbie siebers 25–50 minutes full-body slimming and toning focused on abs, thighs, buns, and hips. combines cardio with light resistance moves to burn fat and reshape your body in 6 weeks. turbo jam® chalene johnson 20–45 minutes calorie burning and total-body sculpting focused on abs and thighs. kickboxing and body sculpting to the hottest tunes to burn more calories than almost any other exercise. hip hop abs® shaun t 25–45 minutes calorie-burning cardio and total-body sculpting focused on abs and core. fun hip hop dance moves set to hot music to burn fat and sculpt lean sexy abs. rockin' body™ shaun t 15–45 minutes calorie-burning cardio and full-body sculpting moves. party off the pounds as you dance and sweat to the hottest hits of all time. return to weight loss programs intermediate/advanced once you've completed a best sellers program and you're ready to take your results to the next level. program trainer workout benefits how it works 22 minute hard corps™ tony horton 22 minutes get "boot camp fit" in 8 weeks. in 22 minute hard corps, legendary trainer tony horton creates a challenging but simple-to-follow workout program inspired by training techniques used by the military. each workout is a quick—and intense—total-body drill designed to get you "boot camp fit" in just 8 weeks. the master's hammer and chisel™ sagi kalev and autumn calabrese 35–40 minutes sculpt your ultimate physique in 60 days. how it works: created by seasoned trainers sagi kalev and autumn calabrese, the master's hammer and chisel is an expert resistance-training system that incorporates the three phases of ssp training—strength, stability, and power—to help rapidly build, chisel, and refine your body for a "masterpiece" physique. 21 day fix extreme® autumn calabrese 30 minutes get seriously shredded in the shortest time possible. celebrity trainer autumn calabrese has combined simple portion control, clean eating, and extreme 30-minute workouts to help you get the hardbody you’ve always wanted. insanity max:30™ shaun t 30 minutes get ready to max out for max results in 30 minutes a day—no equipment needed! every day you'll push a little harder, go a little longer, and dig a little deeper. it's not about finishing all 30 minutes—it's about seeing how far you'll go before you max out. there's no equipment needed; all you have to do is work to your max and get insane results in 30 minutes a day. piyo™ chalene johnson 20 – 45 minutes burn fat as you define every muscle in your body without straining your joints. piyo combines the muscle-sculpting, core-firming benefits of pilates with the strength and flexibility advantages of yoga. it cranks up the speed to deliver a true fat-burning, low-impact workout that leaves your body looking long, lean, and incredibly defined. insanity® shaun t 30–60 minutes transform your body in 60 days with the most intense workout program ever put on dvd. max interval training—you perform long bursts of maximum-intensity exercise with short periods of rest. p90x® tony horton 45–60 minutes advanced total-body training program focused on abs, legs, chest, back, and arms. twelve routines that keep introducing new moves and challenging your muscles to get you absolutely ripped in 90 days. p90x3® tony horton 30 minutes get ripped in 30 minutes a day. study after study shows that the most dramatic body transformations happen . . . in the first 30 minutes of exercise. tony horton's breakthrough muscle acceleration system combines a highly structured, plateau-busting schedule with an unprecedented variety of moves that keep every muscle challenged every day for 30 minutes of full-throttle intensity. p90x3 is a whole workout in half the time. focus t25® shaun t 25minutes get an hour's results in 25 minutes a day! high-intensity, non-stop, 25-minute workouts that give you everything you need, nothing you don't. 25 minutes. 5 days a week. 100% results. turbofire® chalene johnson 10–55 minutes burn up to 9x more fat and calories than with traditional cardio. high intensity interval training (hiit) ignites your metabolism and helps your body burn calories for up to 48 hours after your workout. body beast® sagi kalev 11–53 minutes strip away fat while carving lean muscle in just 90 days. get the head-turning physique you've always wanted. body beast fuses basic resistance training with breakthrough sports science in 12 extreme muscle-building and fat-shredding workouts. plus, the body beast eating plan takes all the guesswork out of getting built! p90x2® tony horton 50–60 minutes each workout engages more muscles with every move, helping you build the body of an athlete in just 90 days. features a breakthrough in sports science called muscle integration, a training technique focused on instability. by doing resistance moves on one foot, a ball, or some other unstable platform, your body is forced to engage more muscles with each movement of the 12 workouts, burning more calories and delivering the kind of results pro athletes pay thousands of dollars for. insanity: the asylum™ shaun t 45–60 minutes get stronger, faster, and quicker in just 30 days. unleash your inner world-class athlete through plyometrics, speed, agility, strength, and core workouts in a jaw-dropping series of progressions. in just 30 days, you'll push yourself to the next level of game-day readiness with dramatic, measurable improvements in your athletic performance. brazil butt lift master series leandro carvalho 30 minutes advanced workouts and new tools will not only help you perfect your booty, but also get the tight, sexy bikini body of your dreams. leandro takes his triangle training method to the next level with 3 innovative workouts that incorporate heavier weights and the stability ball to engage your core with every move, for your ultimate bikini body. chalean extreme® chalene johnson 30–45 minutes advanced circuit training program develops lean, sexy muscle to help you burn up to 60% of your body fat for overall body transformation. the proven 3-phase circuit training technique is guaranteed to give you results every 30 days—the more muscle you build, the more fat your burn because muscle burns fat®! return to advanced fitness programs express for busy people who need to squeeze in an effective workout in 35 minutes or less. program trainer workout benefits how it works country heat™ autumn calabrese 30 minutes dance off the pounds and tone and tighten your entire body in just 30 days. created by trainer autumn calabrese, country heat is a high-energy, low-impact, country dance-inspired workout that's so simple and so much fun you'll barely notice you're getting a great total-body workout. for just 30 minutes a day, you'll move nonstop to today's hottest country music while you burn major calories. the program also includes a strength-building dance conditioning workout to help sculpt and tone your body, and a foolproof eating plan and portion-control containers to maximize your results. with country heat, you'll have a blast as you melt away the pounds and reshape your entire body! 22 minute hard corps™ tony horton 22 minutes get "boot camp fit" in 8 weeks. in 22 minute hard corps, legendary trainer tony horton creates a challenging but simple-to-follow workout program inspired by training techniques used by the military. each workout is a quick—and intense—total-body drill designed to get you "boot camp fit" in just 8 weeks. 21 day fix extreme® autumn calabrese 30 minutes get seriously shredded in the shortest time possible. celebrity trainer autumn calabrese has combined simple portion control, clean eating, and extreme 30-minute workouts to help you get the hardbody you’ve always wanted. insanity max:30™ shaun t 30 minutes get ready to max out for max results in 30 minutes a day—no equipment needed! every day you'll push a little harder, go a little longer, and dig a little deeper. it's not about finishing all 30 minutes—it's about seeing how far you'll go before you max out. there's no equipment needed; all you have to do is work to your max and get insane results in 30 minutes a day. p90® tony horton 25–45 minutes 90-day body transformation for everyone now you don't have to go to the extreme to get dramatic, visible results! tony horton's all-new p90® workouts are simple, doable, and made to change your body right away—regardless of your age or fitness level. 10-minute trainer® tony horton 10 minutes full-body workout in only 10 minutes a day. combines fat-burning cardio, total-body sculpting, and ab moves all at the same time for maximum efficiency! focus t25® shaun t 25minutes get an hour's results in 25 minutes a day! high-intensity, non-stop, 25-minute workouts that give you everything you need, nothing you don't. 25 minutes. 5 days a week. 100% results. 21 day fix® autumn calabrese 30minutes simple fitness combined with simple eating helps you see results fast. easy-to-follow portion control and 30-minute workouts take the guesswork out of losing weight. no more counting, weighing, or measuring—just quick results. p90x3® tony horton 30 minutes get ripped in 30 minutes a day. study after study shows that the most dramatic body transformations happen . . . in the first 30 minutes of exercise. tony horton's breakthrough muscle acceleration system combines a highly structured, plateau-busting schedule with an unprecedented variety of moves that keep every muscle challenged every day for 30 minutes of full-throttle intensity. p90x3 is a whole workout in half the time. slim in 6® debbie siebers 25–50 minutes full-body slimming and toning focused on abs, thighs, buns, and hips. combines cardio with light resistance moves to burn fat and reshape your body in 6 weeks. turbo jam® chalene johnson 20–45 minutes calorie burning and total-body sculpting focused on abs and thighs. kickboxing and body sculpting to the hottest tunes to burn more calories than almost any other exercise. hip hop abs® shaun t 25–45 minutes calorie-burning cardio and total-body sculpting focused on abs and core. fun hip hop dance moves set to hot music to burn fat and sculpt lean sexy abs. rockin' body™ shaun t 15–45 minutes calorie-burning cardio and full-body sculpting moves. party off the pounds as you dance and sweat to the hottest hits of all time. return to express fitness programs abs/core these programs will target your core to give you flat, amazing abs. program trainer workout benefits how it works 22 minute hard corps™ tony horton 22 minutes get "boot camp fit" in 8 weeks. in 22 minute hard corps, legendary trainer tony horton creates a challenging but simple-to-follow workout program inspired by training techniques used by the military. each workout is a quick—and intense—total-body drill designed to get you "boot camp fit" in just 8 weeks. the master's hammer and chisel™ sagi kalev and autumn calabrese 35–40 minutes sculpt your ultimate physique in 60 days. how it works: created by seasoned trainers sagi kalev and autumn calabrese, the master's hammer and chisel is an expert resistance-training system that incorporates the three phases of ssp training—strength, stability, and power—to help rapidly build, chisel, and refine your body for a "masterpiece" physique. 21 day fix extreme® autumn calabrese 30 minutes get seriously shredded in the shortest time possible. celebrity trainer autumn calabrese has combined simple portion control, clean eating, and extreme 30-minute workouts to help you get the hardbody you’ve always wanted. insanity max:30™ shaun t 30 minutes get ready to max out for max results in 30 minutes a day—no equipment needed! every day you'll push a little harder, go a little longer, and dig a little deeper. it's not about finishing all 30 minutes—it's about seeing how far you'll go before you max out. there's no equipment needed; all you have to do is work to your max and get insane results in 30 minutes a day. p90® tony horton 25–45 minutes 90-day body transformation for everyone now you don't have to go to the extreme to get dramatic, visible results! tony horton's all-new p90® workouts are simple, doable, and made to change your body right away—regardless of your age or fitness level. piyo® chalene johnson 20 – 45 minutes burn fat as you define every muscle in your body without straining your joints. piyo combines the muscle-sculpting, core-firming benefits of pilates with the strength and flexibility advantages of yoga. it cranks up the speed to deliver a true fat-burning, low-impact workout that leaves your body looking long, lean, and incredibly defined. hip hop abs® shaun t 25–45 minutes calorie-burning cardio and total-body sculpting focused on abs and core. fun hip hop dance moves set to hot music to burn fat and sculpt lean sexy abs. turbo jam® chalene johnson 20–45 minutes calorie burning and total-body sculpting focused on abs and thighs. kickboxing and body sculpting to the hottest tunes to burn more calories than almost any other exercise. p90x3® tony horton 30 minutes get ripped in 30 minutes a day. study after study shows that the most dramatic body transformations happen . . . in the first 30 minutes of exercise. tony horton's breakthrough muscle acceleration system combines a highly structured, plateau-busting schedule with an unprecedented variety of moves that keep every muscle challenged every day for 30 minutes of full-throttle intensity. p90x3 is a whole workout in half the time. p90x® tony horton 45–60 minutes advanced total-body training program focused on abs, legs, chest, back, and arms. twelve routines that keep introducing new moves and challenging your muscles to get you absolutely ripped in 90 days. focus t25® shaun t 25minutes get an hour's results in 25 minutes a day! high-intensity, non-stop, 25-minute workouts that give you everything you need, nothing you don't. 25 minutes. 5 days a week. 100% results. 21 day fix® autumn calabrese 30minutes simple fitness combined with simple eating helps you see results fast. easy-to-follow portion control and 30-minute workouts take the guesswork out of losing weight. no more counting, weighing, or measuring—just quick results. turbofire® chalene johnson 10–55 minutes burn up to 9x more fat and calories than with traditional cardio. high intensity interval training (hiit) ignites your metabolism and helps your body burn calories for up to 48 hours after your workout. brazil butt lift® leandro carvalho 10–50 minutes shape, lift and firm and your butt. the triangle training method targets all three major muscles of the buttocks from multiple angles to shape and transform. body beast® sagi kalev 11–53 minutes strip away fat while carving lean muscle in just 90 days. get the head-turning physique you've always wanted. body beast fuses basic resistance training with breakthrough sports science in 12 extreme muscle-building and fat-shredding workouts. plus, the body beast eating plan takes all the guesswork out of getting built! insanity: the asylum™ shaun t 45–60 minutes get stronger, faster, and quicker in just 30 days. unleash your inner world-class athlete through plyometrics, speed, agility, strength, and core workouts in a jaw-dropping series of progressions. in just 30 days, you'll push yourself to the next level of game-day readiness with dramatic, measurable improvements in your athletic performance. brazil butt lift master series leandro carvalho 30 minutes advanced workouts and new tools will not only help you perfect your booty, but also get the tight, sexy bikini body of your dreams. leandro takes his triangle training method to the next level with 3 innovative workouts that incorporate heavier weights and the stability ball to engage your core with every move, for your ultimate bikini body. return to abs/core programs dance our best programs for dancing off the pounds and sculpting lean, sexy muscles. program trainer workout benefits how it works country heat™ autumn calabrese 30 minutes dance off the pounds and tone and tighten your entire body in just 30 days. created by trainer autumn calabrese, country heat is a high-energy, low-impact, country dance-inspired workout that's so simple and so much fun you'll barely notice you're getting a great total-body workout. for just 30 minutes a day, you'll move nonstop to today's hottest country music while you burn major calories. the program also includes a strength-building dance conditioning workout to help sculpt and tone your body, and a foolproof eating plan and portion-control containers to maximize your results. with country heat, you'll have a blast as you melt away the pounds and reshape your entire body! cize™ shaun t 35–40 minutes dance your way to fit in just 4 weeks! cize™ breaks down the hottest professionally choreographed dance courses, step-by-step, so that anyone can dance. you'll be so focused on learning the moves that you won't even realize you're burning calories and losing weight! hip hop abs® shaun t 25–45 minutes calorie-burning cardio and total-body sculpting focused on abs and core. fun hip hop dance moves set to hot music to burn fat and sculpt lean sexy abs. brazil butt lift® leandro carvalho 10–50 minutes shape, lift and firm and your butt. the triangle training method targets all three major muscles of the buttocks from multiple angles to shape and transform. turbo jam® chalene johnson 20–45 minutes calorie burning and total-body sculpting focused on abs and thighs. kickboxing and body sculpting to the hottest tunes to burn more calories than almost any other exercise. rockin' body™ shaun t 15–45 minutes calorie-burning cardio and full-body sculpting moves. party off the pounds as you dance and sweat to the hottest hits of all time. return to dance fitness programs extreme results our most intense and challenging programs to get you absolutely ripped. program trainer workout benefits how it works 22 minute hard corps™ tony horton 22 minutes get "boot camp fit" in 8 weeks. in 22 minute hard corps, legendary trainer tony horton creates a challenging but simple-to-follow workout program inspired by training techniques used by the military. each workout is a quick—and intense—total-body drill designed to get you "boot camp fit" in just 8 weeks. the master's hammer and chisel™ sagi kalev and autumn calabrese 35–40 minutes sculpt your ultimate physique in 60 days. how it works: created by seasoned trainers sagi kalev and autumn calabrese, the master's hammer and chisel is an expert resistance-training system that incorporates the three phases of ssp training—strength, stability, and power—to help rapidly build, chisel, and refine your body for a "masterpiece" physique. 21 day fix extreme® autumn calabrese 30 minutes get seriously shredded in the shortest time possible. celebrity trainer autumn calabrese has combined simple portion control, clean eating, and extreme 30-minute workouts to help you get the hardbody you’ve always wanted. insanity max:30™ shaun t 30 minutes get ready to max out for max results in 30 minutes a day—no equipment needed! every day you'll push a little harder, go a little longer, and dig a little deeper. it's not about finishing all 30 minutes—it's about seeing how far you'll go before you max out. there's no equipment needed; all you have to do is work to your max and get insane results in 30 minutes a day. insanity® shaun t 30–60 minutes transform your body in 60 days with the most intense workout program ever put on dvd. max interval training—you perform long bursts of maximum-intensity exercise with short periods of rest. p90x® tony horton 45–60 minutes advanced total-body training program focused on abs, legs, chest, back, and arms. twelve routines that keep introducing new moves and challenging your muscles to get you absolutely ripped in 90 days. p90x3® tony horton 30 minutes get ripped in 30 minutes a day. study after study shows that the most dramatic body transformations happen . . . in the first 30 minutes of exercise. tony horton's breakthrough muscle acceleration system combines a highly structured, plateau-busting schedule with an unprecedented variety of moves that keep every muscle challenged every day for 30 minutes of full-throttle intensity. p90x3 is a whole workout in half the time. focus t25® shaun t 25minutes get an hour's results in 25 minutes a day! high-intensity, non-stop, 25-minute workouts that give you everything you need, nothing you don't. 25 minutes. 5 days a week. 100% results. turbofire® chalene johnson 10–55 minutes burn up to 9x more fat and calories than with traditional cardio. high intensity interval training (hiit) ignites your metabolism and helps your body burn calories for up to 48 hours after your workout. body beast® sagi kalev 11–53 minutes strip away fat while carving lean muscle in just 90 days. get the head-turning physique you've always wanted. body beast fuses basic resistance training with breakthrough sports science in 12 extreme muscle-building and fat-shredding workouts. plus, the body beast eating plan takes all the guesswork out of getting built! p90x2® tony horton 50–60 minutes each workout engages more muscles with every move, helping you build the body of an athlete in just 90 days. features a breakthrough in sports science called muscle integration, a training technique focused on instability. by doing resistance moves on one foot, a ball, or some other unstable platform, your body is forced to engage more muscles with each movement of the 12 workouts, burning more calories and delivering the kind of results pro athletes pay thousands of dollars for. insanity: the asylum™ shaun t 45–60 minutes get stronger, faster, and quicker in just 30 days. unleash your inner world-class athlete through plyometrics, speed, agility, strength, and core workouts in a jaw-dropping series of progressions. in just 30 days, you'll push yourself to the next level of game-day readiness with dramatic, measurable improvements in your athletic performance. chalean extreme® chalene johnson 30–45 minutes advanced circuit training program develops lean, sexy muscle to help you burn up to 60% of your body fat for overall body transformation. the proven 3-phase circuit training technique is guaranteed to give you results every 30 days—the more muscle you build, the more fat your burn because muscle burns fat®! return to extreme results fitness programs cardio/fat burning our best cardio programs for accelerating your fat-burning results! program trainer workout benefits how it works country heat™ autumn calabrese 30 minutes dance off the pounds and tone and tighten your entire body in just 30 days. created by trainer autumn calabrese, country heat is a high-energy, low-impact, country dance-inspired workout that's so simple and so much fun you'll barely notice you're getting a great total-body workout. for just 30 minutes a day, you'll move nonstop to today's hottest country music while you burn major calories. the program also includes a strength-building dance conditioning workout to help sculpt and tone your body, and a foolproof eating plan and portion-control containers to maximize your results. with country heat, you'll have a blast as you melt away the pounds and reshape your entire body! 22 minute hard corps™ tony horton 22 minutes get "boot camp fit" in 8 weeks. in 22 minute hard corps, legendary trainer tony horton creates a challenging but simple-to-follow workout program inspired by training techniques used by the military. each workout is a quick—and intense—total-body drill designed to get you "boot camp fit" in just 8 weeks. cize™ shaun t 35–40 minutes dance your way to fit in just 4 weeks! cize™ breaks down the hottest professionally choreographed dance courses, step-by-step, so that anyone can dance. you'll be so focused on learning the moves that you won't even realize you're burning calories and losing weight! 21 day fix extreme® autumn calabrese 30 minutes get seriously shredded in the shortest time possible. celebrity trainer autumn calabrese has combined simple portion control, clean eating, and extreme 30-minute workouts to help you get the hardbody you’ve always wanted. insanity max:30™ shaun t 30 minutes get ready to max out for max results in 30 minutes a day—no equipment needed! every day you'll push a little harder, go a little longer, and dig a little deeper. it's not about finishing all 30 minutes—it's about seeing how far you'll go before you max out. there's no equipment needed; all you have to do is work to your max and get insane results in 30 minutes a day. p90® tony horton 25–45 minutes 90-day body transformation for everyone now you don't have to go to the extreme to get dramatic, visible results! tony horton's all-new p90® workouts are simple, doable, and made to change your body right away—regardless of your age or fitness level. piyo® chalene johnson 20 – 45 minutes burn fat as you define every muscle in your body without straining your joints. piyo combines the muscle-sculpting, core-firming benefits of pilates with the strength and flexibility advantages of yoga. it cranks up the speed to deliver a true fat-burning, low-impact workout that leaves your body looking long, lean, and incredibly defined. insanity® shaun t 30–60 minutes transform your body in 60 days with the most intense workout program ever put on dvd. max interval training—you perform long bursts of maximum-intensity exercise with short periods of rest. p90x® tony horton 45–60 minutes advanced total-body training program focused on abs, legs, chest, back, and arms. twelve routines that keep introducing new moves and challenging your muscles to get you absolutely ripped in 90 days. focus t25® shaun t 25minutes get an hour's results in 25 minutes a day! high-intensity, non-stop, 25-minute workouts that give you everything you need, nothing you don't. 25 minutes. 5 days a week. 100% results. 21 day fix® autumn calabrese 30minutes simple fitness combined with simple eating helps you see results fast. easy-to-follow portion control and 30-minute workouts take the guesswork out of losing weight. no more counting, weighing, or measuring—just quick results. turbofire® chalene johnson 10–55 minutes burn up to 9x more fat and calories than with traditional cardio. high intensity interval training (hiit) ignites your metabolism and helps your body burn calories for up to 48 hours after your workout. brazil butt lift® leandro carvalho 10–50 minutes shape, lift and firm and your butt. the triangle training method targets all three major muscles of the buttocks from multiple angles to shape and transform. insanity: the asylum™ shaun t 45–60 minutes get stronger, faster, and quicker in just 30 days. unleash your inner world-class athlete through plyometrics, speed, agility, strength, and core workouts in a jaw-dropping series of progressions. in just 30 days, you'll push yourself to the next level of game-day readiness with dramatic, measurable improvements in your athletic performance. brazil butt lift master series leandro carvalho 30 minutes advanced workouts and new tools will not only help you perfect your booty, but also get the tight, sexy bikini body of your dreams. leandro takes his triangle training method to the next level with 3 innovative workouts that incorporate heavier weights and the stability ball to engage your core with every move, for your ultimate bikini body. turbo jam® chalene johnson 20–45 minutes calorie burning and total-body sculpting focused on abs and thighs. kickboxing and body sculpting to the hottest tunes to burn more calories than almost any other exercise. hip hop abs® shaun t 25–45 minutes calorie-burning cardio and total-body sculpting focused on abs and core. fun hip hop dance moves set to hot music to burn fat and sculpt lean sexy abs. rockin' body™ shaun t 15–45 minutes calorie-burning cardio and full-body sculpting moves. party off the pounds as you dance and sweat to the hottest hits of all time. return to cardio/fat burning programs specialty programs workouts designed for younger people, older people, and people with special needs. program trainer workout benefits how it works body beast® sagi kalev 11–53 minutes strip away fat while carving lean muscle in just 90 days. get the head-turning physique you've always wanted. body beast fuses basic resistance training with breakthrough sports science in 12 extreme muscle-building and fat-shredding workouts. plus, the body beast eating plan takes all the guesswork out of getting built! tai cheng™ dr. mark cheng 30–60 minutes rediscover your youthful energy, mobility, agility, vitality, and well-being. learn 18 healing tai chi movements, and combine them into a health-boosting routine. incorporate gentle stretching, breathing exercises, and foam roller techniques to help awaken your natural energy; increase flexibility and mobility; and reduce joint and muscle pain. p90x2® tony horton 50–60 minutes each workout engages more muscles with every move, helping you build the body of an athlete in just 90 days. features a breakthrough in sports science called muscle integration, a training technique focused on instability. by doing resistance moves on one foot, a ball, or some other unstable platform, your body is forced to engage more muscles with each movement of the 12 workouts, burning more calories and delivering the kind of results pro athletes pay thousands of dollars for. insanity: the asylum™ shaun t 45–60 minutes get stronger, faster, and quicker in just 30 days. unleash your inner world-class athlete through plyometrics, speed, agility, strength, and core workouts in a jaw-dropping series of progressions. in just 30 days, you'll push yourself to the next level of game-day readiness with dramatic, measurable improvements in your athletic performance. return to specialty fitness programs free newsletter questions? contact us | customer service | live chat secure online ordering fast 'n' easy checkout no-hassle returns friendly customer service less s&h about us | careers | newsletters | california supply chains act | press | terms of use | privacy policy †results may vary. exercise and proper diet are necessary to achieve and maintain weight loss and muscle definition. please consult with a physician before beginning any exercise program. © 2016 beachbody, llc. all rights reserved. secure online ordering fast 'n' easy checkout no-hassle returns friendly customer service less s&h free newsletter get special offers and expert advice! your email address questions? click here to chat live with a customer service representative. home | about us | careers | press | beachbody® blog | california supply chains act | customer service | live chat | terms of use | privacy policy | site map | contact us | shopping cart | index +show/hide more navigation items including workout, fitness, cardio, exercise, fat burning, interval training, weight loss, strength training, nutrition. †results may vary. exercise and proper diet are necessary to achieve and maintain weight loss and muscle definition. please consult with a physician before beginning any exercise program. © 2016 beachbody, llc. all rights reserved. workout workout videos and dvds ab workout videos and dvds home workouts home workout routines fitness fitness dvds and videos fitness workout dvds and videos cardio cardio dvds and videos best cardio dvds and videos exercise exercise dvds and videos exercise programs fat burning interval training weight loss weight loss dvds and videos home weight loss programs strength training nutrition