来源URL: https://web.archive.org/web/20171228111216/https://www.beachbody.com/product/about_us/company_overview.do
================================================================================

beachbody company overview - offices in santa monica, el segundo and new york - beachbody.com warning you are using an older version of the internet explorer browser which is no longer compatible with the features of this site. please upgrade to the latest browser version for an optimized experience on this site. ok home beachbody on demandbeachbody on demand learn more sign in fitness programsfitness programs all programs best sellers weight loss advanced express abs/core dance extreme results cardio/fat burning getting started specialty programs compare programs supplementssupplements best sellers daily sunshine™ beachbody performance daily nutrition muscle enhancement weight loss wellness geargear best sellers bands, balls & weights p90x® gear p90x2® gear 21 day fix® gear insanity: the asylum® gear body beast® gear turbo jam® gear core/yoga gear fitness trackers beachbody apparel success stories videosvideos beachbody videos double time™ videos clean week™ videos shift shop™ videos youv2™ videos core de force™ videos the master's hammer and chisel® videos p90x® videos p90® videos 21 day fix extreme® videos insanity max:30™ videos 3-day refresh® videos 21 day fix® videos focus t25™ videos piyo® videos turbo jam® videos turbofire® videos 10 minute trainer® videos p90x one on one™ videos chalean extreme® videos slim in 6® videos hip hop abs® videos rockin' body® videos community & supportcommunity & support beachbody® blog beachbody challenge team beachbody® login join team beachbody® club become a coach message boards customer support contact us 1 (800) 996-2819 search beachbody® call now 1 (800) 996-2819 or order online. we ship worldwide. choose a product . . . beachbody home page see all as seen on tv insanity® 10-minute trainer® p90x® rockin' body® hip hop abs® brazil butt lift® see all more fitness programs 10-minute trainer® deluxe 21 day fix® 21 day fix® deluxe 21 day fix® plyo fix dvd 21 day fix® ultimate dvd 21 day fix extreme® 21 day fix extreme® ultimate upgrade 21 day fix extreme® the fix challenge 21 day fix extreme® ultimate dvd 22 minute hard corps™ 22 minute hard corps™ battle buddy 22 minute hard corps™ deluxe upgrade 22 minute hard corps™ deluxe dvd 3 week yoga retreat™ – bod® 3 week yoga retreat™ – dvds 80 day obsession™ body beast® body beast® lucky 7 dvd body beast® tempo workouts dvd body beast®—more exciting products brazil butt lift® master series brazil butt lift® deluxe upgrade brazil butt lift® leandro's secret weapon workout chalean extreme® chalean extreme® deluxe upgrade chalean extreme®—more exciting products chalene johnson's get on the ball! cize™ cize™ deluxe upgrade cize™ deluxe dvd cize™ hold your own dvd clean week™ core de force™ core de force™ deluxe upgrade core de force™ deluxe dvd core de force™ mma mashup dvd country heat™ country heat™ deluxe upgrade country heat™ deluxe dvd double time™ base kit focus t25® focus t25® core speed focus t25® gamma cycle dvds focus t25® gamma deluxe get real with shaun t™ hip hop abs® extreme hip hop abs® ultimate results! insanity® deluxe insanity® fast and furious insanity® fast and furious abs insanity® sweat fest dvd insanity max:30™ insanity max:30™ ab maximizer kit insanity max:30™ deluxe dvds insanity® sanity check insanity: the asylum® vol. 1 insanity®—more exciting products! p90® p90® deluxe upgrade package p90® speed series dvds p90x2® p90x3® p90x3® elite block workouts p90x plus—the next level p90x®—more exciting products piyo® piyo® hardcore on the floor dvd piyo® strength® dvd revabs®—more exciting products rockin' body® shaun t's dance party series shaun t's fit kids™ club shift shop™ base kit shift shop™ deluxe upgrade kit shift shop™ deluxe dvd slim in 6® slim in 6®—more exciting products slim series® tai cheng® tai cheng® body alignment for better living tai cheng®—more exciting products the master's hammer and chisel™ the master's hammer and chisel™ deluxe dvd the master's hammer and chisel™ deluxe upgrade the master's hammer and chisel™ team beachbody® exclusive turbofire® turbofire® advanced classes turbofire® keep on burnin' youv2™ see all nutrition & supplements daily sunshine™ beachbody performance™ shakeology® 3-day refresh® activit® multivitamins e&e energy and endurance formula® see all fitness gear ankle weights 5lb adjustable ankle weights balance ball beachbody agility markers beachbody buddy ball beachbody jump mat beachbody® core comfort mat bands, balls & weights beachbody strength slides™ body fat tester beachbody® pt sandbag core/yoga gear insanity: the asylum™ gear p90x® gear p90x2® gear 21 day fix® gear p90x® chin-up bar p90x® chin-up max pt sandbag push-up stands resistance bands—handles resistance bands—individual resistance bands—standard kit resistance bands—super kit resistance bands—extreme kit resistance bands—complete kit resistance bands—upgrade kit sculpting bands strength bands tai cheng® foam roller tony horton's powerstands® weighted gloves yoga blocks yoga monster mat see all diet and support tools 3-day refresh maintenance guide 6-day express™ diet plan chatrooms message boards michi's ladder team beachbody® club beachbody challenge home fitness programs all fitness programs best sellers weight loss advanced express abs/core dance extreme results cardio/fat burning getting started specialty programs compare fitness programs supplements best sellers daily sunshine™ beachbody performance daily nutrition muscle enhancement weight loss wellness gear best sellers bands, balls & weights p90x® gear p90x2® gear 21 day fix® gear insanity: the asylum® gear body beast® gear turbo jam® gear core/yoga gear fitness trackers beachbody apparel success stories community & support beachbody® blog beachbody challenge team beachbody® login join team beachbody® club become a coach message boards customer support contact us shopping cart company overview tell a friend company overview about our products executive team trainers fitness and nutrition experts scientific advisory board press careers product submissions privacy policy terms of use california transparency in supply chains act contact us company overview we're a leading provider of fitness, nutrition, and weight-loss programs that deliver results. we've empoweredover 23 million customers. our350k+ independent"coach" distributors help people reach their health and financial goals. founded in 1998,our company mission is to help people achieve their goals and enjoy healthy, fulfilling lives. we deliver results. we have800+ employees who work for our customers every day. in 2015, we reached$1 billion in gross sales. we've awarded over $10 millionto beachbody challenge® winners since the contest's inception. we average5 million+monthly unique visits across beachbody® digital platforms. what we believe our co-founders carl daikeler and jon congdon began beachbody in 1998 with one idea in mind: to help you live a healthy, fulfilling life. you're the reason we exist. it's our mission to help you become the person you want to be. our comprehensive approach combines fitness, nutrition, and support—a proven formula that has helped thousands of people completely transform their lives. people just like you. we believe in progress rather than perfection. we believe that giving 100% effort will take you further than taking shortcuts. that real, lasting change tops the quick-fix. we'll never tell you it's easy, but we'll always remind you that it's worth it. and we'll be right there with you 24/7. our team beachbody® coach network and online community is over 350,000 strong, so you're never alone—no matter what your goals are or how far you think you have to go. together, we'll help you overcome doubts, challenge excuses, and show you that, with a positive attitude, unbelievable change is possible. all you have to do is step forward and get started. about beachbody we're the creator of the nation's most popular fitness and weight-loss solutions including p90x® series, insanity®, focus t25®, 21 day fix®, body beast®, piyo®, and hip hop abs®. we have something for everyone. our extensive library includes a variety of programs to help you reach your health and fitness goals, whether you want to lose weight, learn to dance, build muscle, or just live healthier. each program combines challenging workouts with easy-to-follow diet guidelines, nutritional supplements—including our breakthrough, clinically proven health and weight-loss shake called shakeology® (aka your daily dose of dense nutrition®)—and an unparalleled customer service and peer-support system. we've expanded this support system through teambeachbody.com, which includes a network of over 350,000 independent "coach" distributors as well as a dynamic online support and fitness community. it's this combination of fitness, nutrition, and support that's inspired thousands to enter the beachbody challenge contest, where we reward you with hundreds or even thousands of dollars for getting fit and healthy with our workout programs! beachbody® on demand gives you unlimited access to over $6,000 worth of fitness and nutrition content like p90x, 21 day fix extreme®, focus t25, insanity, and 3 week yoga retreat™, so you can take your health and fitness anywhere—from your home to the gym, and even on vacation! you can choose a variety of workouts by fitness level or type of exercise, complete with nutrition guides and calendars. then stream them right on your desktop, tv, tablet, or mobile device—including the beachbody on demand app now available to download on the app store! and you'll never run out of options with beachbody on demand: we continually update our member library so you get unlimited access to brand-new workouts and exclusive content like fixate™, our healthy and delicious cooking show featuring autumn and bobby calabrese. team beachbody team beachbody is where your healthy lifestyle begins. created in 2007, this direct-selling division of beachbody is powered by our independent distributors. we call them coaches. our coaches can help you achieve fitness or financial success with a combination of beachbody's proven home workout programs, easy-to-follow meal plans, nutrition advice, financial incentives, and a support system like no other. real transformation takes work—and a little help along the way. so whether you want to lose weight, get fit, or earn money by helping others, team beachbody offers a unique opportunity to turn your interest in fitness and weight loss into a part-time or even full-time career. beachbody live we made a name for ourselves with at-home workout programs—ones that can help you get ripped, lose weight, or just get moving right in the comfort of your own home. but we know there are those of you who crave the live instruction, the incredible energy, and the welcoming community of group exercise. that's why we created beachbody live. founded in 2011, beachbody live brings some of our most popular programs like insanity, cize®, and piyo into the gym. in these exhilarating group classes, you'll meet others like you—people who want to get fit, have fun, and enjoy some friendly competition, together. and if you're ready to step up to the front of the room, you can also become an instructor by attending one of our workshops. in just one day, our hand-picked master trainers will teach you how to create an unforgettable fitness experience—the kind that makes insanity live, p90x live, piyo live, turbo kick live, and cize live classes some of the most popular workouts in gyms across the country. to find a class near you or to become an instructor in one of these fun and effective formats, visit beachbodylive.com. about us company overviewabout our products executive team fitness and nutrition team trainers fitness and nutrition experts scientific advisory board press careers product submissions privacy policy terms of use california transparency in supply chains act contact us free newsletter get special offers, plus free health, fitness, and weight loss tips. email address for newsletter follow beachbody online connect with beachbody, fans, coaches, and your favorite trainers! social media beachbody p90x shakeology team beachbody game plan beachbody p90x beachbody beachbody blogs carl daikeler beauty by beachbody steve edwards tony horton chalene johnson message boards beachbody message boards rss feeds (what is rss?) beachbody blog p90x extreme newsletter share this page bookmark or share this page by emailing it to your friends, or adding it to your favorite networking sites! simply mouse over the share icon below for options. free newsletter questions? contact us | customer service | live chat secure online ordering fast 'n' easy checkout no-hassle returns friendly customer service less s&h about us | careers | newsletters | california supply chains act | press | terms of use | privacy policy †results may vary. exercise and proper diet are necessary to achieve and maintain weight loss and muscle definition. please consult with a physician before beginning any exercise program. © 2018 beachbody, llc. all rights reserved. secure online ordering fast 'n' easy checkout no-hassle returns friendly customer service less s&h free newsletter get special offers and expert advice! your email address questions? click here to chat live with a customer service representative. home | about us | careers | press | beachbody® blog | california supply chains act | customer service | live chat | terms of use | privacy policy | site map | contact us | supplier code | shopping cart | index +show/hide more navigation items including workout, fitness, cardio, exercise, fat burning, interval training, weight loss, strength training, nutrition. †results may vary. exercise and proper diet are necessary to achieve and maintain weight loss and muscle definition. please consult with a physician before beginning any exercise program. © 2018 beachbody, llc. all rights reserved. workout workout videos and dvds ab workout videos and dvds home workouts home workout routines fitness fitness dvds and videos fitness workout dvds and videos cardio cardio dvds and videos best cardio dvds and videos exercise exercise dvds and videos exercise programs fat burning interval training weight loss weight loss dvds and videos home weight loss programs strength training nutrition