来源URL: https://web.archive.org/web/20181223175237/https://www.beachbody.com/product/about_us/privacy_policy.do
================================================================================

beachbody privacy policy - fitness, nutrition, diet, weight loss official web site - beachbody.com warning you are using an older version of the internet explorer browser which is no longer compatible with the features of this site. please upgrade to the latest browser version for an optimized experience on this site. ok home beachbody on demandbeachbody on demand learn more sign in fitness programsfitness programs all programs best sellers weight loss advanced express abs/core dance extreme results cardio/fat burning getting started specialty programs compare programs supplementssupplements best sellers daily sunshine™ beachbody performance daily nutrition muscle enhancement weight loss wellness geargear best sellers bands, balls & weights p90x® gear 21 day fix® gear insanity: the asylum® gear body beast® gear turbo jam® gear core/yoga gear fitness trackers beachbody apparel success stories community & supportcommunity & support beachbody® blog beachbody challenge team beachbody® login join team beachbody® club become a coach message boards customer support contact us 1 (800) 996-2819 search beachbody® call now 1 (800) 996-2819 or order online. we ship worldwide. choose a product . . . beachbody home page see all as seen on tv 10-minute trainer® p90x® rockin' body® brazil butt lift® see all more fitness programs 10-minute trainer® deluxe 21 day fix® 21 day fix® deluxe 21 day fix® ultimate dvd 21 day fix extreme® 21 day fix extreme® ultimate upgrade 21 day fix extreme® the fix challenge 21 day fix extreme® ultimate dvd 22 minute hard corps™ 22 minute hard corps™ deluxe upgrade 22 minute hard corps™ deluxe dvd 3 week yoga retreat™ – bod® 3 week yoga retreat™ – dvds 80 day obsession™ body beast® body beast® lucky 7 dvd body beast® tempo workouts dvd body beast®—more exciting products brazil butt lift® master series brazil butt lift® deluxe upgrade brazil butt lift® leandro's secret weapon workout chalean extreme® chalean extreme® deluxe upgrade chalean extreme®—more exciting products cize™ cize™ deluxe upgrade cize™ deluxe dvd core de force™ core de force™ deluxe upgrade core de force™ deluxe dvd core de force™ mma mashup dvd country heat™ country heat™ deluxe upgrade country heat™ deluxe dvd double time™ base kit focus t25® focus t25® core speed focus t25® gamma cycle dvds focus t25® gamma deluxe get real with shaun t™ insanity® sweat fest dvd insanity max:30™ insanity: the asylum® vol. 1 p90® p90® deluxe upgrade package p90® speed series dvds p90x3® p90x3® elite block workouts p90x plus—the next level p90x®—more exciting products piyo® piyo® hardcore on the floor dvd piyo® strength® dvd revabs®—more exciting products rockin' body® shaun t's dance party series shift shop™ base kit shift shop™ deluxe upgrade kit shift shop™ deluxe dvd slim in 6® slim series® tai cheng® tai cheng® body alignment for better living tai cheng®—more exciting products turbofire® turbofire® advanced classes turbofire® keep on burnin' youv2™ see all nutrition & supplements daily sunshine™ beachbody performance™ shakeology® 3-day refresh® activit® multivitamins e&e energy and endurance formula® see all fitness gear ankle weights balance ball beachbody agility markers beachbody buddy ball beachbody jump mat beachbody® core comfort mat bands, balls & weights beachbody strength slides™ body fat tester beachbody® pt sandbag core/yoga gear insanity: the asylum™ gear p90x® gear 21 day fix® gear p90x® chin-up bar p90x® chin-up max pt sandbag push-up stands resistance bands—handles resistance bands—individual resistance bands—standard kit resistance bands—super kit resistance bands—extreme kit resistance bands—complete kit resistance bands—upgrade kit sculpting bands strength bands tai cheng® foam roller tony horton's powerstands® weighted gloves see all diet and support tools 3-day refresh maintenance guide chatrooms message boards michi's ladder team beachbody® club beachbody challenge home fitness programs all fitness programs best sellers weight loss advanced express abs/core dance extreme results cardio/fat burning getting started specialty programs compare fitness programs supplements best sellers daily sunshine™ beachbody performance daily nutrition muscle enhancement weight loss wellness gear best sellers bands, balls & weights p90x® gear 21 day fix® gear insanity: the asylum® gear body beast® gear turbo jam® gear core/yoga gear fitness trackers success stories community & support beachbody® blog beachbody challenge team beachbody® login join team beachbody® club become a coach message boards customer support contact us shopping cart privacy policyfor u.s. and canadian residents tell a friend company overview about our products executive team trainers fitness and nutrition experts scientific advisory board press careers product submissions privacy policy terms of use california transparency in supply chains act contact us last updated: october 15, 2018 beachbody, llc (applicable to our u.s. audience) and team beachbody canada, lp (applicable to our canadian audience), together with our parent companies, affiliates, and subsidiaries (collectively, "beachbody", "us", "we" or "our") know that you care about how your information is used and shared, and we appreciate the trust you place in us that we will do so carefully and sensibly. we provide you with this privacy policy because we want you to know how we may collect, use, share and keep information about you, and the choices that are available to you. please don't hesitate to contact us at any time if you have any questions regarding the contents in this privacy policy by emailing privacy@beachbody.com when does this privacy policy apply? this privacy policy applies whenever we collect personal information from or about you when you access or use any of our websites, applications, content, streaming services, products, goods, equipment, services, promotions, software, technology and any other materials (collectively, “beachbody services”), or when you contact us in any manner. what information is collected about you through beachbody services? the information we receive from you helps us personalize and continually improve your experience using the beachbody services and our business. here are the general types of personal information we (and certain third parties) may gather: information you give us: sources of information you give us: we receive, store and process personal information you provide to us when you purchase or use the beachbody services, set up a team beachbody account, enter information on our websites or message boards, communicate with us over phone, e-mail or otherwise, use our applications on mobile or connected devices, use our streaming services, take our surveys, participate in any promotion, interact with our social media presence, or in any other way. examples of information you give us: this includes without limitation: contact information: name, shipping, billing, and/or business addresses; phone number; e-mail address; log-in information: username and password information; payment information: credit or other payment card information; demographics information: gender; date of birth; and survey response data; fitness and wellness information: physical information (e.g., weight, waist, hip and bicep measurements, etc.); food and nutritional information (e.g., types of food and beverages consumed, and any related caloric, fat, fiber, cholesterol and other information); metabolic information (e.g., caloric and fat burn through exercise, and other related information); fitness and activity information (e.g., the types and number of workouts you may be using, workout and activity tracking, hours exercised, etc.). general feedback: content you post on our message boards, photos you upload into the beachbody services, or information you submit about our products, goods or services; if you sign up as a team beachbody coach, we may also collect your social security/social insurance or other similar identification number and bank account information in order to remit any commission payments you may have earned; if you apply to join our affiliate program, we may also collect information about your business, such as your organization's name, email address, street address, telephone number, tax identification number, and information about your website (e.g., the url, the number of unique users and page views, the demographics of your user base, etc.); if you enable apple’s healthkit application when using beachbody services, beachbody may send and receive data to and from apple’s healthkit application to help track your workout activity and enhance your overall experience using beachbody services. beachbody will not use or share health data collected through apple healthkit for marketing purposes. for example, we may collect and display fitness data, such as heart rate, and use it to estimate your calorie burn while performing exercises with beachbody programs. information we automatically receive: sources of information we automatically receive: we automatically receive and store certain technical information about your device and systems you use to connect with and interact with us. for example, like many other websites, we use “cookies” to recognize your device and enhance your experience on our websites as described below. we also use pixel tags which allows us to obtain certain information when your web browser accesses any of our websites or you download images in emails we send you. we may use software tools such as javascript to collect information about visits to our website. we may also automatically collect information about you through our mobile apps. examples of information we automatically receive when you use our sites: this includes without limitation: device identifiers: your internet protocol (ip) address (the number used to identify your computer or modem to the internet, which can potentially identify your location and internet service provider), and cookie identifiers; device, system, and usage data: browser type, device type, device screen size, version and time zone setting, operating system; information about your activities on our websites, including the uniform resource locator (url) from which you came to our websites and the urls that you visited on our websites; products you viewed or searched for; the phone number you used to call us; pixel tag data as described below; and purchase history; session information, including page response times, download errors, length of visits to certain pages, page interaction information (such as scrolling, clicks, and mouse-overs), and methods used to browse away from the page. we may also collect technical information to help us identify your device for fraud prevention and diagnostic purposes. mobile and connected device information: when you download, install, first launch, or use our applications through mobile or connected devices, we may receive information about your device and may access your camera, microphone, or other device services or hardware. some devices may allow you to opt-out of this collection or access, and in those cases, you may be able to subsequently stop the collection or access. please review your device settings for more information. examples of mobile and connected device information we collect: this includes without limitation the same types of data that we collect through our websites as described above, and the following: mobile device identifiers: mobile device ids, including adids; mobile device, system, and usage data: precise geolocation information (if you enabled this feature), mobile carrier provider, the types of mobile devices and mobile operating systems accessing the application, and information that we may obtain from device features you allow us to access such as photos and voice data. information we obtain from other sources: sources of information we obtain from other sources: we may receive information about you from other sources. in addition, we may combine information you give us with other information from these sources. examples of information we obtain from other sources: these sources include without limitation the following categories: our vendors: information that you provide to or through our vendors, such as through our email and text message campaigns; your team beachbody coach (if applicable): information such as account information, or which may be contained in a contest, sweepstakes or other entry which your coach may submit on your behalf; payment service providers: updated credit card number and expiration dates from your bank or credit card company which we use to keep our records current and service you better; delivery service providers: delivery details such as updated delivery and address information from our carriers or other third parties which we use to keep our records current, process orders, deliver your next purchase, and service you better; social media services: information that you publicly post on our and your social media pages (e.g., our facebook®, instagram®, and twitter® pages), such as your personal information, likes, interests, feedback, preferences, pictures, comments, suggestions, and opinions; other third party sources (including data aggregators and public databases): transactional data from third party purchases; demographic and profile data; information about products or services purchased from other companies. how does beachbody use the information it collects? beachbody may use the information provided above in various ways, including without limitation, to: process and fulfill your requests or orders for any beachbody services, and verify your identity and/or location to allow access to your accounts (such as your team beachbody or beachbody on demand account); communicate with you about your orders or any inquiries you may have submitted to us or other customer service issues; tell you about new products, goods or services, including if you started a transaction with us and provided your information, but did not finalize your order; service and manage your accounts, or contact you about your accounts; troubleshoot and/or address a problem or issue affecting your use of any beachbody services, or to inquire about or verify information concerning a transaction; assist you with your health and wellness goals, such as providing you with information and feedback on your goals, and helping you connect with individuals who share your interests; improve any beachbody services, such as the look and feel of our apps or websites, and related advertising or materials; enhance and personalize your beachbody experience on any beachbody services, and control the frequency of advertisements to your device; target advertising or promotions that may be of interest to you, such as e-mails, direct mail, banner ads, splash ads (ads that appear as you sign in or out of your online accounts) or promotions based on your demographic profile, interests, or location; send you emails and other communications with offers about beachbody's or any of our business partners' products or services that we think you may find useful, or to see if you are interested in participating in surveys, market research or other inquiries; administer contests, promotions, events, market research, surveys or other features; improve, personalize, and optimize your website browsing and mobile application experiences by examining which parts of our website you visit or which aspect of our mobile applications you find most useful, and to improve existing or develop new products and services; operate, improve and maintain our beachbody services, including for data analysis, such as user behavior and trends, and diagnose problems with our server and administer our websites; assist us in taking data security precautions and to engage in fraud prevention, detection, and remediation; carry out other purposes which are disclosed to you and, where required by law, to which you consent; undertake statistical analysis and research, and for demographic profiling purposes; or comply with applicable international, federal, state, provincial/territorial and local laws, directives, rules, regulations, and ordinances; civil, criminal or regulatory investigations; or other legal requirements, such as court orders. what about cookies, pixel tags and third party tracking tools? cookies: like almost every company, beachbody and others use a technology commonly known as a "cookie", which is a small data file our server places on your computer or mobile device to recognize your device and provide personalized features and advertisements. cookies are widely used by website owners in order to make their websites work, or to work more efficiently, as well as to provide reporting information. through cookies, we are able to collect information that we use to improve our websites and mobile applications, improve your overall experience on them, and personalize your experiences and advertisements. for example, through cookies, we can keep count of return visits to our website or our advertisers' or partners' websites, understand how much time is spent on certain webpages, know which links were clicked, understand what users do and do not like, collect and report on aggregate statistical information, authenticate your login credentials, and manage multiple instances of our websites in a single browser. we may also collect other data through cookies, such as the page or website that referred you to us, the date and time you visited us, and your current ip address. the cookies we place on your hard drive are known as "first-party cookies" and any cookies placed by third parties are called “third party cookies.” third party cookies enable third party features or functionality to be provided on or through the website (e.g., advertising, interactive content and analytics). the parties that set these third party cookies can recognize your computer both when it visits the website in question and also when it visits certain other websites. disabling cookies: most major web browsers provide users with the option to accept or reject cookies. opting out of the use of cookies to deliver targeted advertising relies on information in the unique cookies placed on your web browser by our partners, so if you delete cookies, use a different device, or change web browsers, you may need to opt out again. please note that if you use your browser settings to block all cookies you may not be able to access parts of our or others' websites. the “help” feature on most browsers will tell you how to prevent your browser from accepting new cookies, how to have the browser notify you when you receive a new cookie, or how to disable cookies altogether. additionally, you can disable or delete similar data used by browser add-ons, such as flash cookies, by changing the add-on's settings or visiting the website of its manufacturer. since cookies allow you to take advantage of some of our essential features, we recommend that you leave them turned on. for instance, if you block or otherwise reject our cookies, you may not be able to utilize certain features on our websites, such as adding items to your shopping cart, proceeding to checkout, or using services that require you to sign in. pixel tags: we also collect information through the use of "pixel tags" on our websites and in e-mail messages we may send to you that may be placed by us or third parties with whom we partner. "pixels," also known as "web beacons," are tiny graphic files or code snippets, not visible to the human eye, that can be included in html-encoded e-mail messages and web pages. when such a message is opened in an html-capable e-mail program, the recipient's computer or device will communicate with our server to retrieve the pixel tag file, allowing us to record and store, along with the recipient's e-mail address, the date and time the recipient viewed the e-mail message, the fact that the recipient's e-mail client is capable of receiving html-encoded e-mail, and other standard logging information. the pixel tag may also see or read cookies. beachbody may use pixel tags in order to measure and understand traffic better, improve site performance, track visitor behavior to improve user experience, and for tracking promotional and marketing campaign response, among others. you can disable the pixel tag feature in emails by changing the settings on your email client to prevent the automatic downloading of images, on websites by changing your browser settings to omit images or disabling javascript. there are also commercial software packages available that can omit pixel tags and most advertisements. behavioral advertising on third party websites: we also work with third parties that use tracking technologies on our websites and on other websites in order to provide and track tailored advertisements on our behalf and on behalf of other advertisers across the internet. these third party partners may place or recognize a unique cookie on your hard drive or use other tracking technologies. they may help beachbody place first party cookies from our servers, or third party cookies from their own or other third party servers. beachbody and our advertisers and third party advertising partners may use cookies and other tracking technologies in order to collect information about you, which may include how many times you have seen an ad or whether you have interacted with an ad. we and our partners may also use cookies and other tracking technologies to provide you with interest-based or behavioral advertising. the use of third-party cookies is not covered by this privacy policy as these third parties are subject to their own privacy policies. for more information about this practice and to understand your options for many of our advertising partners, please visit http://www.youradchoices.com (u.s.), http://www.youradchoices.ca (canada) or the network advertising initiative at www.networkadvertising.org. if you choose to opt-out of behavioral advertising using these cookies, you will still be served with advertisements on the internet, but it may not be tailored to your interests. most major web browsers provide users with the option to accept or reject third party cookies. opting out relies on information in the unique cookies placed on your web browser by our partners, so if you delete cookies, use a different device, or change web browsers, you may need to opt out again. do not track signals: some web browsers offer a "do not track" signal that is a http header field indicating your preference regarding tracking or cross-site user tracking. like many other websites and online services, we do not currently alter our practices when we receive do not track signals or other mechanisms that provide consumers the ability to exercise choice regarding the collection of personally identifiable information about an individual consumer's online activities over time and across third-party websites or online services, as there is no consensus among industry participants as to what "do not track" means in this context. to find out more about "do not track," you may wish to visit http://www.allaboutdnt.com/. does beachbody share the information and data it receives? we value the trust our customers place in us to safeguard their personal information. we share personal information we collect with your consent and as described below: third-party service providers: we utilize third party companies and individuals to perform business functions on our behalf to better serve you. for example, we use third parties to help us make our products and services available to you, fulfill orders you may have placed, process credit card payments, provide customer service, ship postal mail, deliver your packages, conduct market research or information analysis, manage promotions, and contact you in connection with various beachbody services. in these instances, we may need to provide your information to these third parties for such purposes. assignment to a team beachbody coach and/or master trainer: to maximize the benefits of our products and services, we assign an independent team beachbody coach (a "coach") to all customers who purchase a product through beachbody/team beachbody club membership or who consent to be contacted by a coach. your assigned coach is available to assist you in understanding and using the products you ordered, and help give you the motivation you need to help you achieve your fitness goals. to help you both get in contact, your assigned coach will receive access to certain information you provided during your purchase process, such as your name, address, phone number, e-mail address and the names of the products you purchased. your coach may contact you to offer support, and provide general information and marketing materials. please note that beachbody will never provide your assigned coach your credit or debit card information or, if you provided it, your social security number/social insurance number. if you joined beachbody live!, we may provide certain basic information to the master trainer assigned to train you during your training, such as your name, e-mail address and phone number. affiliates and subsidiaries; related companies; third party offers: beachbody may share your personal information with its affiliates, subsidiaries and parent companies. beachbody occasionally partners with third parties to learn more about our customers so we can service you better or offer products or services that we feel may be useful to you ("related company"). in such case, we may disclose to a related company certain information, such as your name, e-mail, billing or shipping address, products purchased and price. if you request information from a related company, we may disclose additional information such as your e-mail address, phone number and other contact information, so the related company can provide you with the information you requested. if you purchased a product or service from a related company, we will also disclose your credit card information so they can complete your purchase. we may disclose aggregated, de-identified information to related companies: (i) so the related companies can provide you with advertisements tailored to your interests; (ii) for statistical analysis, research, and demographic profiling purposes; and (iii) to support our business and improve our mission to help our customers achieve their health and wellness goals. protection of beachbody and others: we may share your information, including personally identifiable information, in order to: (i) protect or defend the legal rights or property of beachbody, or the legal rights of our customers, coaches, business partners, employees, agents, and contractors; (ii) protect the safety and security of our customers, coaches or members of the public, including acting in urgent circumstances; (iii) detect and protect against fraud and identity theft or to conduct risk management; (iv) comply with laws, legal process, or legal requests from any governmental or regulatory body; or (v) to enforce or apply our website terms and conditions and/or other agreements. de-identified data disclosures: we may also disclose non-identifying transaction information to third parties for accounting, record keeping and other purposes. we may also disclose aggregated, de-identified user data or non-personal information with business partners, advertisers, and others. what about third-party and advertisers' services? at various points and pages on our websites or mobile applications, you may be able to access or utilize services offered by or in conjunction with third parties. this includes services in connection with third-party "social media" and other sites that would allow personal information to be transferred to such third parties (for example, facebook connect), coaches, and others. these third parties have separate data collection and privacy practices independent from ours, so please review their privacy policies to understand your rights. for this reason, beachbody cannot be responsible for their policies or activities. please contact those third parties directly if you have questions about their privacy practices. how secure is information about me? beachbody has implemented and uses reasonable security measures designed to help prevent the loss and unauthorized access of your information. despite these efforts, no security measures are perfect or impenetrable, and no method of data transmission can be guaranteed against interception or to be absolutely secure. as a result, while we strive to protect your personal information, we cannot ensure or warrant the security of any information you transmit to us or our online services. you can help protect your personal information by not reusing any passwords you use in connection with your beachbody accounts. if you suspect a website or mobile application is pretending to be that of beachbody's (also known as "spoofing"), do not enter any personal information, but please let us know by e-mailing cybersecurity@beachbody.com. personal information may be accessed by persons within our organization, or our third party service providers, who require such access to carry out the purposes indicated above, or such other purposes as may be permitted or required by the applicable law. personal information we collect is maintained in the united states. what happens to my information if beachbody is sold to or merges with another company? as we continue to develop and grow our business or in the unlikely event of a bankruptcy, we might sell one or more of our assets, subsidiaries or business units. in such transactions, customer information is typically one of the transferred business assets. customer information may also be disclosed in connection with due diligence or in preparation of a potential sale or investment. users based outside of the usa; transfer of personal information like most websites and businesses, beachbody's websites may be accessed by an international audience. by visiting our websites, using our applications, and/or providing us with any data, you agree we may collect, process, use, and store your personal information as discussed herein, outside your resident jurisdiction (such as the u.s. or canada). our related companies and third party service providers may also be located outside of your jurisdiction. as a result, this information may be subject to access requests from governments, courts, or law enforcement in those jurisdictions according to laws in those jurisdictions. please note that u.s. law and those of other countries where your information may be stored and processed may offer different levels of protection for your information than your home country. we will take all reasonable steps to ensure that such personal information is treated securely and in accordance with this privacy policy. how can i access or update my information? we want to be sure your personal information is kept accurate and complete, and for this reason we ask that you inform us in the event of any changes to your information. if you provided your information directly to beachbody, you may access or update certain personal information by calling our customer service at (800) 804-4333. when calling customer service, please have your e-mail address and order information available. if you want to update information with your account, please visit the “help” section within your team beachbody or beachbody on demand account for more information. we will use commercially reasonable efforts to respond to your request to access or update your information. please note that certain access may be subject to a fee. your privacy choices: opt-out marketing: we offer you various ways to opt-out of receiving certain communications from us. if you would like to opt-out of receiving e-mail marketing communications from us or your assigned team beachbody coach, you may click the “unsubscribe” link found at the bottom of beachbody marketing e-mails that we send and follow the easy instructions to opt-out, or you may click the "preferences" links to update your e-mail settings. if you would like to opt-out of receiving marketing phone calls, you can inform the agent with whom you speak that you would like to be placed on beachbody’s "do not call" list. if you would like to opt-out of any beachbody text message campaign, please follow the instructions provided when you opt-in to the campaign; typically, responding "stop" to your specific short code will opt you out of the campaign for which you signed up. online advertising: to learn some of the ways that you can opt-out of targeted online advertising, see the section above titled “what about cookies, pixel tags and third party tracking tools?" for more information. changes to this privacy policy beachbody may modify this privacy policy at any time effective upon its posting on our websites. your continued business relationship with us, or use of any of our beachbody services after the changes are posted constitutes your acceptance of any changes, both with regard to information we have previously collected from you and information we may collect from you in the future. notice to california residents - your california privacy rights (as provided by california civil code section 1798.83). a california resident who has provided personal data, as defined under california civil code section 1798.83, to a business with whom he/she has established a business relationship for personal, family, or household purposes (a "california customer") may request information about whether the business has disclosed personal information to any third parties for the third parties’ direct marketing purposes. in general, if the business has made such a disclosure of personal data, upon receipt of a request by a california customer, the business is required to provide a list of all third parties to whom personal data was disclosed in the preceding calendar year, as well as a list of the categories of personal data that were disclosed. california customers may request further information about our compliance with this law by e-mailing privacy@beachbody.com. please note that we are required to respond to one request per california customer each year, and we are not required to respond to requests made by means other than through this e-mail address. contacting beachbody please feel free to share any comments, concerns, complaints, or questions with us: chief legal officer beachbody, llc – attn: legal department 3301 exposition blvd. santa monica, ca 90404 or email us: privacy@beachbody.com about us company overviewabout our products executive team fitness and nutrition team trainers fitness and nutrition experts scientific advisory board press careers product submissions privacy policy terms of use california transparency in supply chains act contact us free newsletter get special offers, plus free health, fitness, and weight loss tips. email address for newsletter follow beachbody online connect with beachbody, fans, coaches, and your favorite trainers! social media beachbody p90x shakeology beachbody p90x beachbody beachbody share this page bookmark or share this page by emailing it to your friends, or adding it to your favorite networking sites! simply mouse over the share icon below for options. free newsletter questions? contact us / faq secure online ordering fast 'n' easy checkout no-hassle returns friendly customer service less s&h about us | careers | newsletters | california supply chains act | press | terms of use | privacy policy †results may vary. exercise and proper diet are necessary to achieve and maintain weight loss and muscle definition. please consult with a physician before beginning any exercise program. © 2018 beachbody, llc. all rights reserved. secure online ordering fast 'n' easy checkout no-hassle returns friendly customer service less s&h free newsletter get special offers and expert advice! your email address questions? click here to chat live with a customer service representative. home | about us | careers | press | beachbody® blog | california supply chains act | terms of use | privacy policy | site map | contact us / faq | supplier code | shopping cart †results may vary. exercise and proper diet are necessary to achieve and maintain weight loss and muscle definition. please consult with a physician before beginning any exercise program. © 2018 beachbody, llc. all rights reserved.