来源URL: https://web.archive.org/web/20141218101027/http://sdbullion.com/terms-use
================================================================================

terms of use | sd bullion cart summary viewing 0 of 0 products (view entire cart) estimated total: $0 secure checkout 1-800-294-8732 live chat faq track login 0 sd bullion the lowest cost. period. shop by category ▾ silver us mint coins royal canadian mint coins sbss/ silver shield collection sd war collection heidi wastweet latin collection generic silver rounds america the beautiful (5 oz silver coins) silver coins (90%, silver dollars) perth mint coins mexican libertads new zealand mint silver bars chinese silver panda british britannia austrian silver philharmonic gold silver shield golden girl royal canadian gold maple leaf american gold eagle gold buffalo south african gold krugerrand gold bars and rounds (all sizes) austrian gold philharmonic chinese gold panda platinum american platinum eagle copper lead bullion (ammo) 12 gauge 9mm 223 40 45 22 357 38 special 44 32 380 17 7.62x39 30-30 5.56x45 survival food numanna gmo free food storage enerhealth gmo-free organic wise food company safes & vaults israeli bullion ultravaults by ism goldman american security products vault doors the doc's medicine cabinet nutrigold- the doc's gmo-free, whole food vitamin line colloidal silver the doc's natural herbal medicine berkey water filters coin supplies & accessories shop specials enter your keywords free shipping week is here!enter "freeshippingweek" at checkout to get your standard shipping option free! *us domestic orders only and $99 minimum order, *coupon code must be entered at checkout (full details available here.) information payment & pricing privacy policy returns & refunds shipping policies help contact us about us our company visit silverdoctors.com hometerms of use terms of use welcome to sdbullion.com, a company of doc investments llc.  sd bullion is the most trusted, lowest cost source of investment grade bullion, natural health products, and much more.  by using this website, you agree to the following conditions. privacy policy your privacy is important to us.  please review our privacy policy.  your use of this website constitutes acceptance of our privacy policy. electronic communications by using this website, you are communicating with us electronically and consent to receive communications form us electronically.  you agree that all electronic communications including notices, disclosures, cancellation and market loss related policies that we provide to you electronically shall satisfy and legal requirements that such communications be in writing. copyright all content presented on sd bullion.com including graphics, logos, images, audio clips, and slogans are the exclusive property of doc investments llc or its affiliates and protected by international copyright laws. your account it is your responsibility to maintain the confidentiality of your account including username, password, and for restricting access to any computer you use to access your account or complete a transaction.  by using our site, you agree to accept full responsibility for any activity which occurs on your account. user reviews user reviews are the opinion of others and are not the opinion of doc investments llc.  doc investments llc accepts no responsibility for the opinions of other users. disputes any dispute or claim in any way to your use of sdbullion.com or to any products you purchase from sdbullion.com will be resolved by binding arbitration, rather than court, except that you may assert claims in small claims court if your claim would qualify.  you agree that the federal arbitration act and the laws of the state of michigan, without regard to principles of conflict of laws will govern these terms and conditions. any credit card chargeback will be subject to a minimum $50 processing fee. processing fee may be charged to the credit card used to place the order or added to the user's account balance at sd bullion's discretion. any bounced check payment will be subject to a minimum $30 processing fee. processing fee may be charged to the credit card used to place the order or added to the user's account balance at sd bullion's discretion. terms of purchase when an order is confirmed, prices become locked-in and the order becomes a contractually binding agreement between the “buyer” and sd bullion (doc investments llc). by placing an order either online or via telephone and agreeing to our terms and conditions, the customer enters into a contractually binding agreement with doc investments, llc, and agrees to send doc investments, llc payment as contractually specified within 72 hours for orders placed via bank wire payment, and within 7 business days for orders placed via check payment, and also agrees to doc investment llc's order cancellation policy if payment is not received within the specified time-frame. all cancelled orders are subject to a cancellation fee consisting of any market loss to sd bullion along with an additional 3% of total purchase price. market loss is defined in the simplest form, as the difference of what you paid for the purchase and what it is now worth based on the going market price of the respective item. i.e. the market value per ounce for the products that you purchased at the time of purchase less the market value per ounce of the products at the time of cancellation. the market value will be defined under the sole discretion of sd bullion at the completion of the insurance company and/or sd bullion’s investigation. sdbullion (doc investments llc) reserves the right to cancel any order after 7 business days of non-payment for personal check orders, and after 72 hours (3 business days) of non-payment for bank wire orders. cancellation penalty will be applied to a credit card on file previously used to secure an order either online or via telephone. sd bullion reserves the right to charge any valid credit card on file for applicable market loss and cancellation fees. any market gains as a result of a cancelled order will remain the property of sd bullion. cancellation requests must be filed via telephone during normal business hours. sd bullion will evaluate any request to cancel an order on a case-by-case basis and only under rare, extraordinary circumstances will a cancellation be approved. sd bullion’s price quotes do not include taxes or duties.  the customer is solely responsible for any applicable taxes or duties that may be applicable to a transaction with sd bullion. due to continually changing market prices for precious metals, the offers made by sd bullion are only valid for a 3 minute duration.  a spot price calculation is determined by sd bullion upon its sole and absolute discretion.  pricing on any website owned or operated by sd bullion or doc investments llc is for informational purposes only. sd bullion prides itself in providing the most up-to-date pricing for you and our staff.  occasionally, we do make mistakes and there may be a typographical or pricing error.  under these rare circumstances, sd bullion retains the right to cancel or refund an order.  if a typographical, mathematical or other error is made in the calculation of a transaction, customer agrees to take all steps requested by sd bullion to rectify the error.  customer further agrees to hold sd bullion harmless from all damages or liability arising from such error. customer must notify sd bullion in writing within 7 business days after receipt of material of any discrepancy, claim, or dispute arising from a transaction.  if no notification is received within 7 business days, customer agrees it is forever barred from brining a claim for loss, damage, or other relief relating to such controversy, claim, or dispute. the information provided by on any website owned or operated by doc investments llc is for informational purposes only and is not intended as any form of advice, whether legal, accounting, investment, financial or tax advice.  therefore, it cannot be relied upon as such.  the client should contact a licensed professional for such advice.  the information provided by websites of doc investments llc are provided on an "as is" basis without any warranty of any kind, whether express or implied and the use of this service and the doc investment’s websites is entirely at client’s own risk.  in no event will doc investments llc be held liable for any direct, indirect, special, incidental, or consequential damages arising out of the use of information contained on our websites or any publication. force majeure.  doc investments llc shall not be liable to the other party for any failure to perform any obligation under any agreement which is due to an event beyond the control of doc investments llc including but not limited to any act of god, terrorism, war, political insurgence, insurrection, riot, civil unrest, act of civil or military authority, uprising, earthquake, flood or any other natural or man made eventuality outside of our control, which causes the termination of an agreement or contract entered into, nor which could have been reasonably foreseen. doc investments llc shall forthwith inform the other party and shall use all reasonable endeavours to comply with the terms and conditions of any agreement contained herein. other policies- by using this website you agree to all policies further detailed on sdbullion.com, including “payment and pricing”, “returns and refunds”, “shipping policies”, and “market and investments risk”. important! customer affidavit for ammunition purchasesi certify that: i am at least 21 years of age or older. sdbullion is not violating any state or local ordinance by selling and or delivering ammunition to me. i have not renounced my u.s. citizenship and that i am not an illegal or unlawful alien. i am not a fugitive from justice nor am i under indictment for or have ever been convicted in any court of a crime punishable by imprisonment for over 1 year. i have never been and i am not expected to be convicted in any court of a domestic violence misdemeanor crime. i am not an unlawful user, addicted, or under the influence of any controlled substance. i have not been diagnosed with any mental illness and that i have never been admitted to any mental institution. i am not subject to a restraining order of any kind. i have never been and i am not expected to be discharged from the armed forces for dishonorable conditions. these terms of use are subject to change at anytime without notice. payment & pricing shipping policies returns & refunds affiliate program contact us help my account login currency: usd ▾ usdcad copyright © 2015 doc investments llc. all rights reserved. terms of use privacy policy sitemap you can also order from sd bullion by calling 1-800-294-8732 get the latest deals and news!  subscribe to our mailing list. doc's deal of the day email address *