来源URL: https://web.archive.org/web/20170930025135/https://sdbullion.com/gold
================================================================================

buy gold bullion bars | gold coins for sale | lowest price guaranteed 1-800-294-8732 live chat faq track login 0 sd bullion the lowest price. period. shop by category ▾ silver us mint american silver eagle coins royal canadian mint silver coins silver rounds silver bars 90% silver coins & silver dollars silver bullet and silver shield collection african silver coins chinese silver panda coins america the beautiful (5 oz silver coins) perth mint silver coins british royal mint silver coins mexican silver libertad coins new zealand mint austrian philharmonic silver coins scottsdale mint silver coins native american mint silver coins other world silver coins privateer collection silverbugs collection sd war collection armenia noah's ark silver coins doc's holiday collection gold american gold eagle coins gold bars american gold buffalo coins canadian gold coins british royal mint gold coins south african gold krugerrand coins chinese gold panda coins perth mint gold coins austrian gold philharmonic coins mexican gold libertad coins random gold products platinum platinum bars american platinum eagle canadian platinum maple leaf world platinum products copper copper rounds 2017 silver shield copper rounds 2015 silver shield copper rounds 2014 silver shield copper rounds 2013 silver shield copper rounds bulk copper pennies survival food numanna gmo free food storage safes & vaults israeli bullion ultravaults by ism goldman american security products vault doors the doc's medicine cabinet colloidal silver the doc's natural herbal medicine berkey water filters coin supplies & accessories palladium shop specials enter your keywords browse categories silver gold american gold eagle coins gold bars american gold buffalo coins canadian gold coins british royal mint gold coins south african gold krugerrand coins chinese gold panda coins perth mint gold coins austrian gold philharmonic coins mexican gold libertad coins random gold products platinum copper survival food safes & vaults the doc's medicine cabinet berkey water filters coin supplies & accessories palladium shop with confidence we respect your privacy; we always keep your information confidential. homegold gold american gold eagle coins view 50 products → gold bars view 15 products → american gold buffalo coins view 9 products → canadian gold coins view 31 products → british royal mint gold coins view 9 products → south african gold krugerrand coins view 5 products → chinese gold panda coins view 13 products → perth mint gold coins view 14 products → austrian gold philharmonic coins view 2 products → mexican gold libertad coins view 2 products → random gold products view 3 products → popular gold products 2017 1 oz ngc ms-70 early releases gold eagle2017 royal british mint gold sovereign coin2017 30 gram chinese gold panda coin2017 1 oz .99999 gold crowned elk call of the wild buy gold coins & bars online at the most trusted bullion dealerbuy gold at the most trusted online bullion dealer in the us! sd bullion's most popular gold coins, bars, and bullion include gold american eagles, buffaloes, maples, us gold, krugerrands, pandas, and a wide selection of gold bars. protect your financial heritage with a physical gold investment in the world's ultimate hard currency from sd bullion!both physical gold bullion and physical silver bullion offer a way to diversity your assets from the traditional paper monetary financial system. precious metals are an alternative investment with real, inherent value. it is a hard asset, finite, and can't be printed or reproduced. there is a limited amount able to be mined. it has stood the test of time and gold bullion has been traded in various methods for hundreds of years. the gold products we offer are almost entirely investment grade purity.  investment grade gold is defined as having a purity of .995 or greater and thus our gold coins are mostly dependent on the gold spot price derived from the financial markets.  sd bullion offers a full line of gold coins and bars to meet your investment needs. our most popular gold bullion products include american gold eagles, gold buffalos, canadian gold maples, gold krugerrand, austrian gold philharmonic, chinese gold pandas, and us gold. sd bullion also carries gold bars in varying sizes including generic 1 oz gold bars and kilo gold bars.view all gold coinsview all gold barsamerican gold eaglethe american gold eagle is minted by the us mint. like the american silver eagles, the gold eagles are legal government currency. it is the only gold bullion coin whose weight, content, and purity are guaranteed by the united states government.  it is available in varying sizes including:1/10 oz gold eagle coin1/4 oz gold eagle coin1/2 oz gold eagle coin1 oz gold eagle coingold buffalothe gold buffalo coin is also minted by the us mint.  it is the first and only .9999 purity gold coin ever struck by the us mint.  it is perhaps the most sought after of any official gold coin produced by national mints.  each buffalo coin contains 1 oz of .9999 fine gold with a face value of $50.canadian gold maplesone of sd bullion's most popular gold coins is the canadian gold maple minted by the royal canadian mint.  beginning in 2015, the canadian gold maple contains state of the art micro-engraving as an anti-counterfeiting measure.  the coin is available in multiple sizes:1/20 oz gold maple leaf coin1/10 oz gold maple leaf coin1/4 oz gold maple leaf coin1/2 oz gold maple leaf coin1 oz gold maple leaf coinira eligible productsnot all gold products are ira eligible for inclusion in precious metal retirement accounts. please look for the ✔ira approved checkmark on the product page for the product that you are interested in purchasing. if the checkmark is not present on the page, that product is not eligible for inclusion in precious metal retirement accounts. if you have any questions regarding setting up or buying gold for your account please contact our staff at 1-800-294-8732.gold mintsat sd bullion, we pride ourselves in the quality of the institutions for which we choose to carry products. each of the mints below are industry recognized institutions providing the best quality products to market.austrian mintchinese mintrepublic metals corporationsouth african mintsunshine mintus mint goldroyal canadian mintlive market priceswhen it comes to purchasing or selling bullion, the market value for gold (also referred to as "spot price") is the basis for all pricing. almost all products on sd bullion operate on a spot price plus the product premium (also referred to as "over spot") formula to determine the final price. for example, if the market value for gold is x and the product premium is y, the final price would be x+y=z. premium pricing is mostly consistent per product but the market value for silver changes vastly on a minute by minute basis. our market feed integrates live up to the minute market prices from worldwide markets. we offer both live and historical gold prices available on our website's live market prices page. you can customize charts to research and find trends in pricing and compare to other precious metal types.broadly speaking, physical gold can be purchased in the following forms: gold bars, gold coins, and gold rounds. however, unlike silver, gold isn’t available in ‘junk’ form as the united states confiscated all gold currency in the 1930s. hence, not only are older gold coins relatively rare, they also command higher premiums – making them a poor investment choice for those looking to build a precious metals portfolio.gold bullion: bars, rounds, & coinsgold bullion bars a flat bar struck using .999+ (usually) pure gold is known as a gold bullion bar. ranging from 1 troy ounce to even 32 troy ounces, gold bars are available in various sizes. however, 1 gram, 1 oz, 100 gram and kilo size remain the most common weights available in the bullion market. their popularity stems from the fact that they are worth very close to their gold melt values – making them a solid investment choice.  even though gold bars were usually struck by private mints, government mints have also started to strike gold bars for sale to the public as well.  gold bullion roundsgold bullion rounds are flat, disk-shaped pieces of .9167+ pure gold. although their weights may range from fractions of a troy ounce to 5 troy ounces, 1 oz gold rounds are far more popular than their heavier and lighter counterparts.gold rounds are generally struck by private mints, and they are worth close to their melt value as well, making them popular choices for investment.gold bullion coinsgold coins are also flat, disk-shaped 0.999+ pure gold pieces. however, most gold coins, unlike gold rounds, carry an official face value (legal tender value) in the country of issue. these investment instruments carry one of the highest premiums over the spot price of gold due to collector demand and official recognition from sovereign governments.  some factors that need to be considered while comparing these gold instruments are:1. premium over spotmainly a part of the discussion when we talk about any gold bullion instrument – premium over gold spot price refers to how much more a product is worth (premium charged) over the melt value of gold present in the gold bullion coin, round, or bar. factors like their minting source, age, rarity, and collector demand play a critical role when valuing a gold product outside its melt value.thus, some rounds, coins, and gold bars of similar weights can have substantially lower prices compared to their more popular counterparts. however, gold coins usually enjoy a higher premium than other gold investment options due to official recognition from a sovereign government. even though the face value given to the coin is nominal in nature, it inspires confidence among buyers.2. puritythough most bars, coins, and rounds manufactured across the world, be it in austria, usa, or china, contain 99.9% pure gold, a few mints like the royal canadian mint surpass the typical purity levels by using 99.99% pure gold in their products. even though a 0.09% purity increase might not seem like a lot, it vaults the gold products into an elite category of products.3. susceptibility to counterfeitprecious metals investments have always been the target of counterfitters looking to make a quick buck. to battle this issue, many mints implement unique markers and counterfeit-proof measures, like sunshine minting’s mint mark si™ feature and the micro-graving done by the royal canadian mint. as the counterfeiting is punishable by law and usually carries a heavy prison sentence and fines, legal tender coins are considered a comparatively safer option as their legal tender status acts as a successful deterrent in most cases.4. stackabilitystoring gold bullion products can take up considerable space. as secure storage space is a limited resource, products must be chosen with care. stackability of the products purchased will affect the amount/value you can store in a given area of the limited secure storage at your disposal.  value per square inch is a critical metric when buying relatively large quantities of gold bullion. bullion bars allow substantially more amounts of gold per square inch compared to all other investment vehicles. on the other hand, gold coins and rounds are unwieldy options as they require casings, tubes, or boxes when storing large numbers.5. brand/seriesfamous, well-known coin series and coins from respected mints are easily liquefiable due to constant demand for products. hence, at any given time you will be assured of scores of both active buyers and sellers in the market. this ensures that investors can easily divest their precious metals assets, without having to sell at melt value.6. new vs. secondary marketanother factor to take into account when purchasing gold instruments is whether to buy new freshly-minted products or to look for relatively cheaper secondary-market gold goods. like any other product or commodity, most everyone automatically prefers shiny and new. moreover, there is a widespread myth among some investors that secondary-market precious metals products have a lower resale value because of their condition and lack of finish. depending on the sentiment and market condition when the investor is looking to sell, this is not always the case. however, collectors who treasure gold coins for their collectible value will, in most cases, prefer mint condition and near-perfect or perfect graded gold coins.7. playing the marketfor people who want to ‘play the market,’ i.e. buy and sell regularly to earn immediate profits on every transaction, it is essential to invest in products that can be moved quickly. even though this is a well-known strategy, timing the market is harder than it seems. for investors who want to buy and sell at a moment’s notice, portability plays an important role in their product choices. however, a healthy risk appetite is required for playing the market. these investors mostly prefer smaller, more portable gold investment vehicles such as coins and rounds.8. small buyerspeople with limited capital to invest in precious metals may not divest as much as they would desire into gold bullion. hence, such buyers should stick to cheaper low-risk gold bullion products with lower premiums over spot, offering them solid appreciation over time – granting them with inflation-proof, financial protection. this is the best way to hedge against inflation and is recommended by financial advisors as a good method of balancing portfolios.9. large buyersthese particular buyers are looking to create a hefty fund to hedge inflation. when seeking to establish a substantial fund, bars become an extremely attractive option, as they are the easiest to stack and store. they come in weights as high as 32.15 troy ounces, making storage relatively easier when compared to other instruments such as rounds and coins. however, providing adequate safety and security to this massive quantity of gold can be a tedious task. hence, investors are increasingly attracted towards offshore gold storage facilities, advertising top-of-the-line security and peace of mind.10. collectorssome people out there appreciate the true beauty of a beautifully minted gold coin. take the coins from the famous american gold eagle program for example, with obverses featuring weinman’s beautiful walking liberty and the reverses depicting mercanti’s rendition of a bald eagle and a shield, a symbol of american strength and pride. collectors buy these products for their ‘artistic’ or ‘collectible’ value rather than their melt value. for them, there is no right or wrong; they should pick the products that they consider aesthetically appealing.as you would have probably figured out by now, all forms of gold bullion products have their purpose in an investment portfolio. hence, a safe and recommended strategy is to allocate a specific ratio (depending on you or the advice of your investment advisor) of every type of gold bullion instrument in your tangible assets. however, it is an entirely personal decision that one must take after careful deliberation. payment & pricing shipping policies returns & refunds silver spot price gold spot price gold & silver storage contact us help my account login currency: usd ▾ usdcad copyright © 2017 doc investments llc. all rights reserved. terms of use privacy policy sitemap you can also order from sd bullion by calling 1-800-294-8732 get the latest deals and news!  subscribe to our mailing list. doc's deal of the day email address * sdbullion.com has a demandforce rating of 4.8/5 based on 2082 reviews.