来源URL: https://web.archive.org/web/20170930025135/https://sdbullion.com/silver
================================================================================

buy silver bullion bars & silver coins | lowest price guaranteed 1-800-294-8732 live chat faq track login 0 sd bullion the lowest price. period. shop by category ▾ silver us mint american silver eagle coins royal canadian mint silver coins silver rounds silver bars 90% silver coins & silver dollars silver bullet and silver shield collection african silver coins chinese silver panda coins america the beautiful (5 oz silver coins) perth mint silver coins british royal mint silver coins mexican silver libertad coins new zealand mint austrian philharmonic silver coins scottsdale mint silver coins native american mint silver coins other world silver coins privateer collection silverbugs collection sd war collection armenia noah's ark silver coins doc's holiday collection gold american gold eagle coins gold bars american gold buffalo coins canadian gold coins british royal mint gold coins south african gold krugerrand coins chinese gold panda coins perth mint gold coins austrian gold philharmonic coins mexican gold libertad coins random gold products platinum platinum bars american platinum eagle canadian platinum maple leaf world platinum products copper copper rounds 2017 silver shield copper rounds 2015 silver shield copper rounds 2014 silver shield copper rounds 2013 silver shield copper rounds bulk copper pennies survival food numanna gmo free food storage safes & vaults israeli bullion ultravaults by ism goldman american security products vault doors the doc's medicine cabinet colloidal silver the doc's natural herbal medicine berkey water filters coin supplies & accessories palladium shop specials enter your keywords browse categories silver us mint american silver eagle coins royal canadian mint silver coins silver rounds silver bars 90% silver coins & silver dollars silver bullet and silver shield collection african silver coins chinese silver panda coins america the beautiful (5 oz silver coins) perth mint silver coins british royal mint silver coins mexican silver libertad coins new zealand mint austrian philharmonic silver coins scottsdale mint silver coins native american mint silver coins other world silver coins privateer collection silverbugs collection sd war collection armenia noah's ark silver coins doc's holiday collection gold platinum copper survival food safes & vaults the doc's medicine cabinet berkey water filters coin supplies & accessories palladium shop with confidence we respect your privacy; we always keep your information confidential. homesilver silver us mint american silver eagle coins view 202 products → royal canadian mint silver coins view 31 products → silver rounds view 30 products → silver bars view 38 products → 90% silver coins & silver dollars view 45 products → silver bullet and silver shield collection view 74 products → african silver coins view 9 products → chinese silver panda coins view 17 products → america the beautiful (5 oz silver coins) view 48 products → perth mint silver coins view 55 products → british royal mint silver coins view 10 products → mexican silver libertad coins view 10 products → new zealand mint view 11 products → austrian philharmonic silver coins view 5 products → scottsdale mint silver coins view 10 products → native american mint silver coins view 7 products → other world silver coins view 4 products → privateer collection view 9 products → silverbugs collection view 20 products → sd war collection view 22 products → armenia noah's ark silver coins view 5 products → doc's holiday collection view 36 products → popular silver products 2017 ngc ms-70 first day of issue american silver eagle (sun label) 2017 30 gram chinese silver panda coin bu 2017 south african silver krugerrand coin gem premium uncirculated 100 oz engelhard silverbullion bar buy silver coins at the most trusted online bullion dealer in the us. silver bullion investment options include coins, rounds and bars. protect your financial future with a physical silver bullion investment from sd bullion! silver bullion and silver coins for sale online buying silver bullion and gold bullion online is a popular way to diversity your investment portfolio. sd bullion offers numerous silver buying options based on your investing strategy including the american silver eagle, canadian silver maple, austrian silver philharmonic, chinese silver pandas, silver shield collection, and 90% constitutional coins (junk silver). we also offer a wide selection of low price silver rounds such as the popular republic metals silver buffalo. whatever your investment strategy, we have a product for you. shop our silver coins for sale shop our silver rounds for sale shop our silver bars for sale silver for sale for ira investments not all silver products are ira eligible for inclusion in precious metal retirement accounts. please look for the ✔ira approved checkmark on the product page for the product that you are interested in purchasing. if the checkmark is not present on the page, that product is not eligible for inclusion in precious metal retirement accounts. if you have any questions regarding setting up or buying silver for your account please contact our staff at 1-800-294-8732. silver mints at sd bullion, we pride ourselves in the quality of the institutions for which silver products we choose to sell. each of the mints below are industry recognized institutions providing the best quality products to market. austrian mint chinese mint silvertowne, sunshine, republic metals engelhard geiger edelmetalle johnson matthey mexican mint new zealand mint perth mint royal canadian mint royal mint us mint silver silver prices when it comes to purchasing or selling silver bullion, the market value for silver (also referred to as "spot price") is the basis for all pricing. view the current spot price for silver. almost all silver products on sd bullion operate on a silver spot price plus the product premium (also referred to as "over spot") formula to determine the final price. for example, if the market value for silver is x and the product premium is y, the final price would be x+y=z. premium pricing is mostly consistent per product but the market value for silver changes vastly on a minute by minute basis. our market feed integrates live up to the minute market prices from worldwide markets. we offer both live and historical market data available on our website's live market prices page. you can customize charts to research and find trends in pricing and compare to other precious metal types. comparing silver coins, bars & rounds broadly speaking, one may purchase three kinds of physical silver bullion: silver bars, silver coins, and silver rounds. although junk silver is another popular method of obtaining silver at lower prices (close to the melt value of silver); the purity of silver in these products makes comparing junk silver to other instruments like comparing apples and oranges. silver bullion barsa flat bar made up .999+ (usually) pure silver is known as a silver bullion bar. these products can weigh as low as 1 troy ounce and can go as high as a whopping 1,000 troy ounces. the most typical bars that are minted and sold are 1 oz, 5 oz, 10 oz, kilo and 100 oz. the value of a silver bullion bar is usually close to its melt value. although these are generally struck by private mints, government mints like the royal canadian mint have been known to mint silver bullion bars as well. silver bullion roundssilver bullion rounds are flat, disk-shaped pieces of .999+ pure silver. their weight typically ranges from 1/10 troy ounce to 5 troy ounces, with 1 oz silver rounds being the most common by far. just like silver bars, silver rounds are struck by private mints, and their value is close to the melt value of the silver used in striking the coin. silver coinssimilar to silver rounds, silver coins are flat disk-shaped pieces of .999+ pure silver. however, unlike silver rounds, coins carry a face value in their country of origin, as these coins are struck in government mints and are given legal tender status. moreover, these instruments typically command the highest premiums among all silver products. some factors that need to be considered while comparing these silver bullion investments are: premium over spotmainly a part of the discussion when we talk about any silver bullion instrument – premium over spot refers to how much more a product is worth (premium charged) over the melt value of silver present in the silver bullion coin, round, or bar. just as a whole is more than the sum of its parts, the value of some bullion products is higher than their intrinsic worth, depending on the minting source, age, and rarity. thus, even though some bars, coins, and rounds usually command lower premiums over spot, silver coins may warrant a much higher premium because of their collectible value. also, another reason why coins command a higher premium is – they hold the prestige of being the only government-minted precious metals instruments and thus, enjoy a strong demand in the precious metals market. puritythough most bars, coins, and rounds manufactured across the world, be it in austria, usa, or china, contain 99.9% pure silver, a few mints like the royal canadian mint surpass the typical purity levels by using 99.99% pure silver in their products. this means that those products are .09% purer than the other options in the precious metals market. susceptibility to counterfeitcounterfeiting is an age-old problem when it comes to investing in precious metals. because of this, many mints have introduced markers or counterfeit-proof features, like the mint mark si™ feature by sunshine minting or the geiger bar uv light-stampings. coins are comparably the safest instrument for investing in silver as government mints produce them, and their legal tender status ensures that the anti-counterfeit measures are as stringent as possible. stackabilityafter investing in bullion instruments, it is important to store them safely and efficiently, and this is where the stackability factor comes into play. value per square inch is most definitely an aspect worth considering when buying bulk quantities of silver. bullion bars are easily the most stackable and store-able precious metals product, offering substantially more amounts of silver per square inch. silver coins and rounds require casings, tubes, or boxes when storing large numbers, making them an unwieldy option for massive quantities of silver. brand and/or seriesthe name or series of a bar, round, or coin plays a significant role in the demand for the product. to retain the freedom to invest in or divest out of a particular instrument, as and when the investor wants, it is advisable to stick to famous product names and series like the american silver eagles or canadian maple leafs. hence, at any given time you will be assured of scores of both active buyers and sellers in the market. new vs. secondary marketanother factor to take into account when purchasing silver instruments is whether to buy new, freshly-minted products or to look for relatively cheaper secondary-market silver goods. like any other product or commodity, everyone automatically prefers shiny and new over "second hand." moreover, there is a widespread myth among some investors that secondary-market precious metals products have a lower resale value because of their condition and lack of finish. nonetheless, in reality, brand-new silver bars and rounds in perfect condition sell at the same rates (considering equal silver weight and purity) as their secondary market counterparts do. however, collectors who treasure silver coins for their collectible value will, in most cases, prefer mint condition and near-perfect condition coins. playing the marketfor people who want to ‘play the market,’ i.e. buy and sell regularly to earn immediate profits on every transaction, it is essential to invest in products that can be moved quickly. although the strategy (buy low and sell high) is simple, investors who want to take this route need to have complete knowledge regarding silver bullion products and the precious metals market, as well as an appetite for risk. smaller portable investment vehicles such as silver coins and rounds are usually preferred by these types of investors. smaller purchasespeople with more limited capital to invest in precious metals cannot divest as much as they would desire. hence, such buyers usually prefer less expensive and low-risk silver bullion products with lower premiums over spot, offering a modest appreciation over time – granting them with inflation-proof, financial protection. this is the best way to hedge against inflation and is recommended by financial advisers as a good method of balancing portfolios. larger purchasersthese particular buyers are looking to create a hefty fund to hedge inflation. when seeking to establish a substantial fund, bars become an extremely attractive option, as they are the easiest to stack and store. they come in weights as high as 100 troy ounces, making storage relatively easier when compared to other instruments such as rounds and coins. however, providing adequate safety and security to this massive quantity of silver can be a tedious task. hence, private, offshore storage depositories, offering top-of-the-line security at reasonable prices, are considered a great option for storage. collectorssome people out there appreciate the true beauty of a beautifully minted silver coin. take the coins from the famous american silver eagle program for example, with obverses featuring weinman’s beautiful walking liberty and the reverses depicting mercanti’s rendition of a bald eagle and a shield, a symbol of american strength and pride. collectors buy these products for their ‘artistic’ or ‘collectible’ value rather than their melt value. for them, there is no right or wrong; they should pick the products that they consider aesthetically appealing. as you would have probably figured out by now, all forms of silver bullion products have their purpose in an investment portfolio. hence, a safe and recommended strategy is to allocate a specific ratio (depending on you or the advice of your financial adviser) of every type of silver bullion instrument in your tangible assets. however, it is an entirely personal decision that one must take after careful deliberation. payment & pricing shipping policies returns & refunds silver spot price gold spot price gold & silver storage contact us help my account login currency: usd ▾ usdcad copyright © 2017 doc investments llc. all rights reserved. terms of use privacy policy sitemap you can also order from sd bullion by calling 1-800-294-8732 get the latest deals and news!  subscribe to our mailing list. doc's deal of the day email address * sdbullion.com has a demandforce rating of 4.8/5 based on 2082 reviews.