来源URL: https://web.archive.org/web/20181226162446/https://sdbullion.com/blog
================================================================================

sd bullion blog javascript seems to be disabled in your browser. for the best experience on our site, be sure to turn on javascript in your browser. my account my wish list login compare products create an account1-800-294-8732 login my cart toggle nav searchsearch advanced searchsearch 1-800-294-8732 menu top sellerssilversilver coins us silver eagles silver maple leafs 90% junk silver america the beautiful african silver coins australian perth mint austrian philharmonics british silver coins chinese silver pandas new zealand silver mexican silver libertads us silver eagles silver maple leafs 90% junk silver america the beautiful african silver coins australian perth mint austrian philharmonics british silver coins chinese silver pandas new zealand silver mexican silver libertadssilver rounds fractional silver rounds 1 oz silver rounds 2 oz silver rounds 5 oz silver rounds silver shield rounds sd war collection privateer series silverbugs rounds fractional silver rounds 1 oz silver rounds 2 oz silver rounds 5 oz silver rounds silver shield rounds sd war collection privateer series silverbugs roundssilver bars 1 oz silver bars 5 oz silver bars 10 oz silver bars kilo silver bars 100 oz silver bars 1 oz silver bars 5 oz silver bars 10 oz silver bars kilo silver bars 100 oz silver barsother silver free shipping silver other world silver silver statues ancient silver coins silver banknotes free shipping silver other world silver silver statues ancient silver coins silver banknotessilver coins us silver eagles silver maple leafs 90% junk silver america the beautiful african silver coins australian perth mint austrian philharmonics british silver coins chinese silver pandas new zealand silver mexican silver libertads us silver eagles silver maple leafs 90% junk silver america the beautiful african silver coins australian perth mint austrian philharmonics british silver coins chinese silver pandas new zealand silver mexican silver libertadssilver rounds fractional silver rounds 1 oz silver rounds 2 oz silver rounds 5 oz silver rounds silver shield rounds sd war collection privateer series silverbugs rounds fractional silver rounds 1 oz silver rounds 2 oz silver rounds 5 oz silver rounds silver shield rounds sd war collection privateer series silverbugs roundssilver bars 1 oz silver bars 5 oz silver bars 10 oz silver bars kilo silver bars 100 oz silver bars 1 oz silver bars 5 oz silver bars 10 oz silver bars kilo silver bars 100 oz silver barsother silver free shipping silver other world silver silver statues ancient silver coins silver banknotes free shipping silver other world silver silver statues ancient silver coins silver banknotesgoldgold coins us gold eagles gold maple leafs us gold buffalos australian gold coins british gold coins chinese gold pandas gold krugerrands gold philharmonics mexican gold libertads us gold eagles gold maple leafs us gold buffalos australian gold coins british gold coins chinese gold pandas gold krugerrands gold philharmonics mexican gold libertadsgold bars gram bars 1 oz gold bars 5 oz - kilo bars gram bars 1 oz gold bars 5 oz - kilo barsother gold pre-33 gold free shipping gold pre-33 gold free shipping goldgold coins us gold eagles gold maple leafs us gold buffalos australian gold coins british gold coins chinese gold pandas gold krugerrands gold philharmonics mexican gold libertads us gold eagles gold maple leafs us gold buffalos australian gold coins british gold coins chinese gold pandas gold krugerrands gold philharmonics mexican gold libertadsgold bars gram bars 1 oz gold bars 5 oz - kilo bars gram bars 1 oz gold bars 5 oz - kilo barsother gold pre-33 gold free shipping gold pre-33 gold free shipping goldplatinum platinum coins platinum bars free shipping platinum platinum coins platinum bars free shipping platinumdoc's dealsother accessories copper safes/vaults survival food mintcertified™ palladium water filters shop by mintus mintroyal canadian mintperth mintbritish royal mintmexican mintchinese mintnew zealand mintmexican mintrepublic metals corporationsilvertownesunshine mintingscottsdale mintus mintroyal canadian mintperth mintbritish royal mintmexican mintchinese mintnew zealand mintmexican mintrepublic metals corporationsilvertownesunshine mintingscottsdale mint accessories mintcertified™ copper palladium safes/vaults water filters survival food shop by mintus mintroyal canadian mintperth mintbritish royal mintmexican mintchinese mintnew zealand mintmexican mintrepublic metals corporationsilvertownesunshine mintingscottsdale mintus mintroyal canadian mintperth mintbritish royal mintmexican mintchinese mintnew zealand mintmexican mintrepublic metals corporationsilvertownesunshine mintingscottsdale mintspot prices gold spot price silver spot price platinum spot price palladium spot price gold/silver ratio gold spot price silver spot price platinum spot price palladium spot price gold/silver ratiosell to usresources gold silver iras gold silver storage investing guide bullion home insurance blog gold silver iras gold silver storage investing guide bullion home insurance blog account settings currency usd - us dollar eur - euro home sd bullion blog sd bullion blog paradox to future precious metal price peaks | ned naylor-leyland sep 7, 2018 on the heels of us mint sell outs of silver eagle coins and gold buffalo coins, we speak with ned naylor-leyland, a gold & silver fund manager. we talk about the ongoing cognitive dissonance amongst most investors in the western world. happy to hold bonds, cash, and stocks while mostly shunning precious metals. come hear how ned believes the next nominal price highs for precious metals will come about in the future. read more posted in podcast gold allocation discussion sep 6, 2018 fundamental forgotten information following the 1970s financialization of the us / western economies. the old adage of +10% gold bullion allocation remains mathematically sound although possibly somewhat out of date. yet financial middlemen hate bullion. why? because physical gold bullion never churns their profits. come learn more about potentially prudent gold allocation percentages. read more posted in research obverse definition: what is the obverse of a coin sep 5, 2018 collecting coins or investing in them demands some basic knowledge of the terminology thrown around in this domain. not only can this knowledge reduce the chances of you getting duped into buying a worthless product, but it can also help you understand this field a little bit better and make it more interesting. read more posted in research us mint coin sales september 2018 sep 4, 2018 here at sd bullion, every month we update our us mint bullion coin sales page with the latest precious metal coin sales figures. in this specific post, we will dive into us mint coin sales updated to september 2018, while also posting the latest us mint bullion coin price premiums charts. for the month of august 2018, both silver and gold eagle coin sales and product price premiums were up. have a look for yourself here. read more posted in research emerging market currency chaos | silver fortune aug 31, 2018 emerging market currency chaos is fully underway, across the globe. thanks in large part their recently acquired $14 trillion in us dollar denominated debts. in this week's metals & markets interview we speak matt from the silver fortune youtube channel to follow about this and other precious metal relatated topics. like for instance, which emerging market nation has acquired more physical silver thus far in 2018 than jp morgan has acquired from the spring of 2011 to date in their comex warehouse.  read more posted in podcast gold standard on jeopardy aug 28, 2018 come see what happened on the tv game show 'jeopardy' in early 2018 when the category of gold standard questions was undertaken by the contestants. test your knowledge and see which answers you know and which ones they certainly did not. read more posted in research premiums going up, secondary supply shrinking | roy friedman aug 24, 2018 this week on our sd metals & markets podcast, we speak with roy friedman, a multi-decade bullion market maker. we discuss current wholesale bullion market supply demand dynamics as well as larger picture topics in the financial system. roy describes what occured with bullion product trading dynamics not only during the recent drop in precious metal spot prices, but also during the fall of 2008 as well in the 1980 bull market.  read more posted in podcast mexican libertad coin stacker tradition runs deep aug 24, 2018 learn a bit about our fellow brethren and sistren, striking bullion in the heart of mexico city. a tradition as deep and rich as most of our family history’s on these north american lands. many coin aficionados are quick to point out that the mexican mint or casa de moneda is the oldest, still functioning mint on this side of the world (part of spanish conquistador history). mexican silver real coins (pieces of eight) were a dominant reserve currency worldwide, from the 18th to the 19th century. now they strike libertad coins, which are 30 to 200xs more rare than others. read more posted in research coin grading companies: sheldon scale coin grading chart explained aug 21, 2018 graded coin specimens attract both investors and collectors as they know exactly what quality to expect. although there are many grading agencies out there, two of them are regarded highly in the precious metals market, especially here in the united states – ngc (numismatic guaranty corporation) and pcgs (professional coin grading service). read more posted in research a possible trade from where we are | metals & markets aug 17, 2018 this week's update will be a little bit different than the normal format. unfortunately the guest we were going to have on was unable to attend last minute, so i am going to give you a brief 3 part synopsis covering where we are with precious metal spot prices falling to the downside this summer, what is going on with bullion supplies and price premiums, as well as one historic potential trade idea you may want to consider as we move the closer to the end of this decade and in to the 2020s. read more posted in podcast why does physical silver cost more than the silver spot price? aug 16, 2018 new silver bullion buyers often ask why the fluctuating silver spot price is lower than the price for the various silver bullion products we offer on our website. here we will explain (#1) what is the silver spot price and (#2) its relation to the physical silver bullion market.  read more posted in research how many grams in a troy ounce of silver? aug 13, 2018 unlike the ounces you find in grocery stores, a troy ounce is a unit that is commonly used for precious metals like silver and gold. although their names might not indicate this, these two units are not the same in weight. read more posted in research real estate, gold, silver, usd | eric dubin & dave kranzler aug 10, 2018 for this week's metals & markets update, elijah johson hosts both eric dubin and dave kranzler to discuss the current real estate, gold, silver, and us dollar markets. read more posted in podcast china yuan gold peg? | craig hemke aug 3, 2018 for this week's metals & market wrap we speak with criag hemke of tfmetals report about this summer's devaluing chinese yuan and us dollar prices for gold, silver, platinum, and other non-precious commodities. is it possible we are seeing the beginning phases of a chinese gold yuan peg? read more posted in podcast silver price forecast fall 2018 - is below $13 oz possible? jul 30, 2018 last week christopher aaron of igold advisor published a short video on his silver price forecast for the fall of 2018. in this clip, chris shows technical analysis on silver prices in us dollars looking ahead to then end of this year. if you are wondering where silver prices may be going, check this out. read more posted in research today's gdp numbers vs economic reality | dave kranzler jul 27, 2018 for this week's metals & markets podcast we speak with dave kranzler of investment research dynamics on today's 4.1% gdp number vs reality, trump trade wars, and the precious metal markets of late. have a listen and a look, see if you agree with what dave has to say. read more posted in podcast how to store gold bullion jul 27, 2018 knowing how to safely store gold bullion is critical to long term success when saving physical gold fo the long term. here we will discuss various creative home gold bullion storage ideas, gold location diversification tips, as well other hidden gold storing ideas that might never have occurred to you. come see some creative gold storage ideas which might help spur your own responsible decision making. read more posted in research how much silver is in a quarter? jul 27, 2018 today, united states quarter dollar coins (quarters) are struck using an alloy of copper and nickel (cupro-nickel) and have a ‘silvery’ polish but don’t really contain any pure silver at all. although the us mint uses this alloy to strike all us quarters now, this wasn’t always the case.  read more posted in research de-dollarization to next rules of the game jul 26, 2018 in a new 4-part video series jim rickards (bestselling author, lawyer, and investment banker), discusses the core topics of the 2018 in gold we trust report with its two authors and researchers, ronald-peter stöferle and mark valek. here is part 2 of this thought provoking conversation... read more posted in research quantitative tightening into the next market crash jul 26, 2018 about 1 month ago, we had a long discussion of current macroeconomic factors and gold with ronnie stoeferle of the very popular and free annual 'in gold we trust report'. this week ronnie and his research partner (mark valek) interviewed jim rickards (aka james rickards) on their youtube channel. it will be a 4-part discussion about the current global economic situation. here is part 1...  read more posted in research 1 2 3 4 5 next page more resources do you know the fundamentals? gold investing silver investing platinum investing palladium investing categories research podcast metals & markets gold news recent posts paradox to future precious metal price peaks | ned naylor-leyland gold allocation discussion obverse definition: what is the obverse of a coin us mint coin sales september 2018 emerging market currency chaos | silver fortune gold standard on jeopardy premiums going up, secondary supply shrinking | roy friedman mexican libertad coin stacker tradition runs deep coin grading companies: sheldon scale coin grading chart explained a possible trade from where we are | metals & markets why does physical silver cost more than the silver spot price? how many grams in a troy ounce of silver? real estate, gold, silver, usd | eric dubin & dave kranzler china yuan gold peg? | craig hemke silver price forecast fall 2018 - is below $13 oz possible? today's gdp numbers vs economic reality | dave kranzler how to store gold bullion how much silver is in a quarter? de-dollarization to next rules of the game quantitative tightening into the next market crash is gold heavier than silver? where is gold found? new financial crisis laws: bank bail-ins, money market freeze missed gold in late 2015? well, here's your chance | jesse felder junk silver: prices? silver gold price drops: 2018 to 2008? qt to fiat currency faith obliteration | michael pento first ever 2018 silver krugerrand bullion coin - new release from south african mint total world debt [ q1, 2018 ] is bitcoin real money? tags gold podcast silver podcast metals and markets bullion podcast james anderson payment & pricing shipping policies returns & refunds faq blog contact us login at sd bullion, we believe in doing business the old-fashioned way. world class products, the best prices, and the friendliest service in the industry. thank you to our 80,000+ customers who made the switch to sd bullion! terms of use | privacy policy | sitemap copyright @ 2018 doc investments llcorder over the phone 1(800)294-8732 monday—thursday 8am—6pm est friday 8am—5pm est get the latest deals and news! subscribe to our mailing list. newsletter test get the latest deals and news! subscribe to our mailing list.subscribe about ssl certificates