来源URL: https://web.archive.org/web/20191231173325/https://sdbullion.com/silver/silver-coins
================================================================================

buy silver coins | silver coins for sale | lowest price javascript seems to be disabled in your browser. for the best experience on our site, be sure to turn on javascript in your browser. my account my wish list login compare products create an account1-800-294-8732 login my cart toggle nav searchsearch advanced searchsearch search 1-800-294-8732 menu top sellerssilversilver coins us silver eagles silver maple leafs 90% junk silver america the beautiful african silver coins australian perth mint austrian philharmonics british silver coins chinese silver pandas new zealand silver mexican silver libertads us silver eagles silver maple leafs 90% junk silver america the beautiful african silver coins australian perth mint austrian philharmonics british silver coins chinese silver pandas new zealand silver mexican silver libertadssilver rounds fractional silver rounds 1 oz silver rounds 2 oz silver rounds 5 oz silver rounds intaglio silver rounds specialty silver rounds fractional silver rounds 1 oz silver rounds 2 oz silver rounds 5 oz silver rounds intaglio silver rounds specialty silver roundssilver bars 1 oz silver bars 5 oz silver bars 10 oz silver bars kilo silver bars 100 oz silver bars 1 oz silver bars 5 oz silver bars 10 oz silver bars kilo silver bars 100 oz silver barsother silver other world silver native american mint silver bullets scottsdale silver silver banknotes other world silver native american mint silver bullets scottsdale silver silver banknotessilver coins us silver eagles silver maple leafs 90% junk silver america the beautiful african silver coins australian perth mint austrian philharmonics british silver coins chinese silver pandas new zealand silver mexican silver libertads us silver eagles silver maple leafs 90% junk silver america the beautiful african silver coins australian perth mint austrian philharmonics british silver coins chinese silver pandas new zealand silver mexican silver libertadssilver rounds fractional silver rounds 1 oz silver rounds 2 oz silver rounds 5 oz silver rounds intaglio silver rounds specialty silver rounds fractional silver rounds 1 oz silver rounds 2 oz silver rounds 5 oz silver rounds intaglio silver rounds specialty silver roundssilver bars 1 oz silver bars 5 oz silver bars 10 oz silver bars kilo silver bars 100 oz silver bars 1 oz silver bars 5 oz silver bars 10 oz silver bars kilo silver bars 100 oz silver barsother silver other world silver native american mint silver bullets scottsdale silver silver banknotes other world silver native american mint silver bullets scottsdale silver silver banknotesgoldgold coins us gold eagles gold maple leafs us gold buffalos australian gold coins british gold coins chinese gold pandas gold krugerrands gold philharmonics mexican gold libertads us gold eagles gold maple leafs us gold buffalos australian gold coins british gold coins chinese gold pandas gold krugerrands gold philharmonics mexican gold libertadsgold bars gram bars 1 oz gold bars 5 oz - kilo bars gram bars 1 oz gold bars 5 oz - kilo barsother gold pre-33 gold pre-33 goldgold coins us gold eagles gold maple leafs us gold buffalos australian gold coins british gold coins chinese gold pandas gold krugerrands gold philharmonics mexican gold libertads us gold eagles gold maple leafs us gold buffalos australian gold coins british gold coins chinese gold pandas gold krugerrands gold philharmonics mexican gold libertadsgold bars gram bars 1 oz gold bars 5 oz - kilo bars gram bars 1 oz gold bars 5 oz - kilo barsother gold pre-33 gold pre-33 goldplatinum platinum coins platinum bars platinum coins platinum barsdoc's dealsother accessories copper safes/vaults survival food mintcertified™ palladium water filters shop by mintus mintroyal canadian mintperth mintbritish royal mintchinese mintnew zealand mintmexican mintsilvertownesunshine mintingscottsdale mintus mintroyal canadian mintperth mintbritish royal mintchinese mintnew zealand mintmexican mintsilvertownesunshine mintingscottsdale mint accessories mintcertified™ copper palladium safes/vaults water filters survival food shop by mintus mintroyal canadian mintperth mintbritish royal mintchinese mintnew zealand mintmexican mintsilvertownesunshine mintingscottsdale mintus mintroyal canadian mintperth mintbritish royal mintchinese mintnew zealand mintmexican mintsilvertownesunshine mintingscottsdale mintspot prices gold spot price silver spot price platinum spot price palladium spot price gold/silver ratio gold spot price silver spot price platinum spot price palladium spot price gold/silver ratiosell to usresources gold silver iras gold silver storage investing guide bullion home insurance blog gold silver iras gold silver storage investing guide bullion home insurance blog account settings currency usd - us dollar eur - euro home silver silver coins silver coins us mint american silver eagle coins royal canadian mint silver coins perth mint silver coins 90% junk silver coins african silver coins chinese silver panda coins british royal mint silver coins america the beautiful silver coins mexican silver libertad coins new zealand mint silver coins austrian silver coins scottsdale mint silver coins native american mint silver coins armenia noah's ark silver coins doc's holiday collection random 1 oz silver coins random 1 kilo silver coins ancient silver coins other silver coins silver is, and has for a long time, held the distinction of being one of the most popular precious metals used as a store of value. in fact, the roman empire used gold and silver to strike currency coins over two millennia ago. although gold does outclass silver in both popularity and value, the shiny silver metal has carved its own unique place among the top precious metals in the world. with the world so focused on gold, many investors have grabbed the opportunity of getting silver at extremely attractive prices. in fact, a dedicated group of silver investors, called silverbugs, believe that silver will witness a meteoric rise in value – birthing the adage ‘to the moon.’ the popularity of gold notwithstanding, silver is an established precious metal used as a hedge against inflation. most precious metals portfolios contain hefty amounts of gold and silver – a testament to the metal’s value and potential. silver coins as investment vehicles government-minted silver usually takes the form of coins. most of these bullion products have a face value attached to them – indicating the trust and backing of a sovereign government. these coins are trusted by investors for 5 chief reasons: counterfeiting them carries heavy punishments. unlike rounds and bars, counterfeiting legal tender coinage belonging to another country invites much heavier punishments. hence, these products are deemed relatively safe from counterfeiters, with ‘relatively’ being the key phrase – as even coins have been known to be counterfeited. quality standards are of the highest quality. again, unlike other silver investment vehicles, government-minted silver coins adhere to the highest quality standards. of course, there are many privately-minted silver rounds and bars that give even the best bullion silver coins a run for their money. highly liquid in nature. due to constant demand for government-minted coins, this particular silver investment vehicle is known to be much more liquid compared to bars and rounds. in fact, in times of crisis across the world, coins have proven to be easier to trade than other forms of silver. deemed more collectible than bars and rounds. government mints constantly launch series and coin sets that attract collectors from across the world. some of these series have extremely low mintages, while featuring brilliant/historical imagery – making them much more collectible compared to rounds and bars. they have a face value guaranteed by a sovereign government. this is an important feature for some investors, even though the value of the silver in coins far exceeds the face value. the importance placed on face value stems from the fact that this investment can never become worthless in the true sense of the word, however improbable the scenario. this is not to say that silver bullion coins don’t come with their fair share of disadvantages. one of the most significant problems when using coins as silver investment vehicles is storage. as most coins are struck in 1 oz weights, storing a lot of value in silver coins is impossible. in these cases, heavy silver bars are the way to go – offering up to 100 oz weights in a relatively compact and easy to transport and store form. famous silver coin series sd bullion maintains an incredible repertoire of the best silver coins from top-notch mints across the world. sourcing from the famous down under to the good ol’ usa, our inventory features most of the world’s most collectible and popular coin series – in various weights and graded varieties. american silver eagle coins this official american silver bullion coin series is perhaps one of the most popular and collectible coin series in the world. struck by the united states mint at its various facilities, these coins captured the hearts of investors and collectors the moment it hit the market on november 24th, 1986. ever since, people around the world wait its annual release with bated breath – year after year. the obverses of these coins display the brilliance of adolph a. weinman, showcasing one of his finest designs, called the ‘walking liberty.’ lady liberty is depicted striding towards the rising sun in this image, with the american flag draped around her person. on the other hand, the reverse sides bear john mercanti’s rendition of the heraldic eagle with 13 five-pointed stars hovering above it. this design is borrowed from the national seal of the united states – and cleverly modified to fit the theme of this silver coin. even after over three decades, the excitement that an american silver eagle release brings is palpable – with both collectors and investors jostling for a piece of the action. austrian silver vienna philharmonic the famed austrian philharmonic silver coins joined their gold counterparts in the precious metals market in 2008. it is one of the most famous releases from europe, selling over 54 million units in a 5-year span. these coins feature the designs from their older, gold counterparts – honoring the vienna philharmonics. the design on the reverse showcases the array of instruments used by the vienna philharmonic orchestra, while the obverse features the musikverein golden hall's great organ. in fact, the musikverein is a concert hall in the innere stadt borough of vienna, where the actual vienna philharmonics plays. these brilliant designs were rendered by thomas pesendorfer in 1989, and they are used on both the gold and silver releases to this day due to their popularity and history attached to them. canadian silver maple leaf coins this coin series was launched in 1988, making it a year elder to the celebrated american silver eagles. although the designs on every annual release under this coin program remains the same, the royal canadian mint has added several security features over time. all canadian maple leaf coins now feature radial lines and micro-engraved laser marks for additional security. the coins’ reverses feature an incredible portrayal of a single maple leaf – rendered in such breathtaking detail that you can’t help but stop and look closely. the veins and texture on the leaf design are extremely realistic – making the design pop out. on the other hand, queen elizabeth ii’s latest portrait is displayed on the obverses of these coins. this is one image that changes according to the portrait in use by the royal canadian mint that year. the present portrait (as of 2017) was created by susanna blunt in 2003. australian silver coins this coin series from australia features annually-changing designs of animals – honoring the chinese zodiac. presently (2017), this series is in its second iteration, and is dubbed the australian lunar series ii. although many mints have their own lunar coin releases, these coins struck by perth mint are by far the most popular. this series’ low mintages ensure that the market waits for the next coin with anxious anticipation. while the obverse side features the portrait of queen elizabeth ii, the official head of state of australia, the reverses display the animal ruling over the year of release of the coin. hence, every annual coin release warrants a design change and accommodates the next animal in the chinese zodiac. quick linkssilversilver coinssilver barssilver rounds90% silver coins & silver dollarsgoldgold coinsgold barsplatinumplatinum coinsplatinum barssafes & vaults payment & pricing shipping policies returns & refunds faq blog contact us login at sd bullion, we believe in doing business the old-fashioned way. world class products, the best bullion prices, with industry-top customer service. thank you to our now 100,000+ customers who have made the switch to sd bullion. terms of use | privacy policy | sitemap copyright @ sd bullion, inc order over the phone 1(800)294-8732 monday—thursday 8am—6pm est friday 8am—5pm est get our best bullion deals in your inbox, subscribe to our mailing list below... newsletter test get the latest deals and news! subscribe to our mailing list.subscribe about ssl certificates