来源URL: https://web.archive.org/web/20201231043108/https://sdbullion.com/silver/silver-bars
================================================================================

buy silver bars i silver bullion bars at lowest price guaranteed javascript seems to be disabled in your browser. for the best experience on our site, be sure to turn on javascript in your browser. my account my wish list login compare products create an account1-800-294-8732 my account login my cart toggle nav searchsearch advanced searchsearch search 1-800-294-8732 menu top sellerssilversilver coins us silver eagles silver maple leafs 90% junk silver silver dollars america the beautiful african silver coins australian perth mint austrian philharmonics british silver coins chinese silver pandas new zealand silver mexican silver libertads us silver eagles silver maple leafs 90% junk silver silver dollars america the beautiful african silver coins australian perth mint austrian philharmonics british silver coins chinese silver pandas new zealand silver mexican silver libertadssilver rounds fractional silver rounds 1 oz silver rounds 2 oz silver rounds 5 oz silver rounds intaglio silver rounds specialty silver rounds fractional silver rounds 1 oz silver rounds 2 oz silver rounds 5 oz silver rounds intaglio silver rounds specialty silver roundssilver bars 1 oz silver bars 5 oz silver bars 10 oz silver bars kilo silver bars 100 oz silver bars 1 oz silver bars 5 oz silver bars 10 oz silver bars kilo silver bars 100 oz silver barsother silvernew releases truth coin series other world silver scottsdale silver silver bulletsnew releases truth coin series other world silver scottsdale silver silver bulletssilver coins us silver eagles silver maple leafs 90% junk silver silver dollars america the beautiful african silver coins australian perth mint austrian philharmonics british silver coins chinese silver pandas new zealand silver mexican silver libertads us silver eagles silver maple leafs 90% junk silver silver dollars america the beautiful african silver coins australian perth mint austrian philharmonics british silver coins chinese silver pandas new zealand silver mexican silver libertadssilver rounds fractional silver rounds 1 oz silver rounds 2 oz silver rounds 5 oz silver rounds intaglio silver rounds specialty silver rounds fractional silver rounds 1 oz silver rounds 2 oz silver rounds 5 oz silver rounds intaglio silver rounds specialty silver roundssilver bars 1 oz silver bars 5 oz silver bars 10 oz silver bars kilo silver bars 100 oz silver bars 1 oz silver bars 5 oz silver bars 10 oz silver bars kilo silver bars 100 oz silver barsother silvernew releases truth coin series other world silver scottsdale silver silver bulletsnew releases truth coin series other world silver scottsdale silver silver bulletsgoldgold coins us gold eagles gold maple leafs us gold buffalos australian gold coins british gold coins chinese gold pandas gold krugerrands gold philharmonics mexican gold libertads us gold eagles gold maple leafs us gold buffalos australian gold coins british gold coins chinese gold pandas gold krugerrands gold philharmonics mexican gold libertadsgold bars gram bars 1 oz gold bars 5 oz - kilo bars gram bars 1 oz gold bars 5 oz - kilo barsother goldnew releases pre-33 gold truth coin seriesnew releases pre-33 gold truth coin seriesgold coins us gold eagles gold maple leafs us gold buffalos australian gold coins british gold coins chinese gold pandas gold krugerrands gold philharmonics mexican gold libertads us gold eagles gold maple leafs us gold buffalos australian gold coins british gold coins chinese gold pandas gold krugerrands gold philharmonics mexican gold libertadsgold bars gram bars 1 oz gold bars 5 oz - kilo bars gram bars 1 oz gold bars 5 oz - kilo barsother goldnew releases pre-33 gold truth coin seriesnew releases pre-33 gold truth coin seriesplatinum platinum coins platinum bars platinum coins platinum barsdoc's dealsother accessories copper water filters shop by mintus mintroyal canadian mintperth mintbritish royal mintchinese mintnew zealand mintmexican mintsilvertownesunshine mintingscottsdale mintus mintroyal canadian mintperth mintbritish royal mintchinese mintnew zealand mintmexican mintsilvertownesunshine mintingscottsdale mint mintcertified™ palladium survival food accessories mintcertified™ copper palladium water filters survival food shop by mintus mintroyal canadian mintperth mintbritish royal mintchinese mintnew zealand mintmexican mintsilvertownesunshine mintingscottsdale mintus mintroyal canadian mintperth mintbritish royal mintchinese mintnew zealand mintmexican mintsilvertownesunshine mintingscottsdale mintspot prices gold spot price silver spot price platinum spot price palladium spot price gold/silver ratio gold spot price silver spot price platinum spot price palladium spot price gold/silver ratiosell to usresources gold silver iras gold silver storage investing guide gold silver news blog about gold silver iras gold silver storage investing guide gold silver news blog about account home silver silver bars silver bars 1 oz silver bars 5 oz silver bars 10 oz silver bars kilo silver bars 100 oz silver bars table of contents silver bars for sale what are the benefits of buying silver bars? silver bar sizes 1 oz silver bars 5 oz silver bars 10 oz silver bars 100 oz silver bars kilo silver bars 1,000 oz silver bars which bar size is right for me? popular silver bar designs silver mints (national vs private) silver bars vs rounds vs coins tips on what to look for when buying silver bars silver bars for sale buying silver bullion is typically most affordable when you buy silver bullion bars. the most popular silver bars for sale are 1 oz, 5 oz, 10 oz, kilo and 100 oz sizes. silver bars can be minted from private silver mints, such as the highly recognized sunshine mint, to government mints like the royal canadian mint (rcm) of canada. buying silver bars is a popular investment for both new and seasoned silver investors alike. choose and buy from our silver bullion bar inventory below. most silver investors turn to bars compared to coins when they are looking to acquire the most silver ounces for their money. like silver rounds, silver bars rarely carry any collectible value and their price is highly dependent on the silver content within. what are the benefits of buying silver bars? the primary advantage is the lower cost of silver per gram or ounce when you compare them to smaller silver coins. you can buy silver bars in large sizes of up to 100 oz, or even 5 kg (160 oz), and they’d still be more affordable because of silver’s lower price – in comparison to gold and gold bars, for example. in addition, the production costs of silver bars are lower, which results in cheaper prices per gram or ounce. if you add to that the fact that the silver market is eventually expected to grow because of the rising industrial demand, you’ll see why investing in silver bars could bring profits in the future. and finally, the market is abundant with silver bars, with the most common mints being 1 oz, 10 oz, and 100 oz. silver bar sizes silver bars come in nearly any size. most retail silver collectors favor 1 oz, 5 oz, 10 oz, or 100 oz bars. industrial users typically favor the 1000 oz comex bars. the premium over spot is usually the smallest when ordering bars of larger size. however, a large quantity order of a smaller bar size can offset the premium. for investors who want the best economic stability and utility, silver ingots may be a great choice. these smaller silver bars come in various ounces of high-quality silver. for the purest and most affordable silver ingot option, look for 99% fine silver without any commemorative labeling, as this can lower the value. silver ingots are perfect for dividing, transporting, and utilizing as currency should the economy enter a crisis. 1 oz silver bars these might be among the tiniest in the silver bar category, but 1 oz silver bars are some of the most famous options for silver bullion investment. you don’t need a large initial investment to get involved, you can easily store and transport them, and buying and selling them can be done very easily. sd bullion’s 1 ounce silver bars for sale come with .999 purity. depending on the inventory available in the market, we try to offer a wide selection so each investor can find something they like. 5 oz silver bars if 1 oz bars are too small, yet 10 oz are a fairly big jump for you, then you might consider the 5 oz silver bars option. they might be cheaper than 10 ounce silver bars, but they are still a fantastic investment option, and a logical next step when accumulating your precious metals wealth. the sunshine mint is your game if you’d like to acquire some of the most popular choices on the 5 ounce silver bars market. perfect for collectors and investors alike, they are made of .999 pure silver and come with the repeating sunburst design for added security. 10 oz silver bars if you’re a serious investor, the 10 oz silver bars are a great choice to enrich your portfolio. smaller sizes might be slightly easier to sell, but 10 ounce silver bar storage is much more convenient, especially if your intention is to stock up on silver. sd bullion’s 10 oz silver bars come in .999+ pure quality, are appropriate for iras, and are great for forward-thinking investors, too. even if you have just started, investing in a few, precious 10 ounce silver bars can greatly boost your precious metals portfolio and potentially help you secure a more promising future. 100 oz silver bars if you’re looking for the most convenient way to enrich your silver portfolio, the 100 oz silver bars are your best option. while it’s true there may not be as many buyers for 100 oz bars, there’s still a large demand for them. sd bullion’s 100 ounce silver bars pride themselves on .9999 pure silver (the royal canadian mint – rcm), and many .999 fine silver bars like engelhard, geiger, or the sunshine mint. in addition, these bars are a fantastic choice for long-term investing, are fairly easy to store and transport, and are eligible for iras. kilo silver bars 1 kilo silver bars might be almost three times lighter than the 100 ounce silver bars, but they are still a wonderful choice for long-term investment. our 1 kilo silver bullion bars weigh precisely 1,000 grams of .999 pure silver. in reality, kilogram bars are a cheaper means of investing when buying in bulk. that’s because the price-per-oz of 1 kilo silver bars is often lower than purchasing 32 x 1 tr oz bars. plus, storing one bigger bar is easier than storing 32 individual ones. in addition, many of our bars are minted ingots. this means they have undergone extra refining in computer-controlled presses, which gives them a fantastic precision. 1,000 oz silver bars if you want the most bang for your buck, 1,000 oz silver bars are your best investment option. however, there are a few things you should be aware of before you decide to put your money into them. each bar weighs close to 70 lbs, which makes them hard to handle. in addition, such large silver bullion bars are difficult and expensive to ship. and to top it off, they cannot be repurchased outside of lbma vaults, without an initial melting and assaying. 1,000 oz silver bars are roughly the size of a bread loaf, just a few inches longer. note that their weight also varies – 1,000 ounces +/- 10%. also the largest of investors should consider 1,000 oz bars. but our recommendation would be to stick with 100 oz silver bars as they are much more liquid. which bar size is right for me? in this section, you’ll discover which bar size is right for you, depending on what type of investor you are: new investors: novice silver investors usually buy the smaller sizes – 1 oz, 5 oz, and 10 oz silver bars. larger investors: if you want to build a serious silver portfolio, then the right silver bar sizes for you might be 10 oz, kilo or 100 oz silver bars. at sd bullion, you can invest in any or all of these sizes. popular silver bar designs there are numerous silver bar designs available for sale on our website. but if you are looking forward to investing in the most popular mints, we have made it easy for you by enlisting them below: royal canadian mint silver bar: the royal canadian mint is among the few sovereign mints worldwide that can produce silver bullion bars. the design portrays the brand’s distinctive maple leaf with gorgeous inscriptions in french. sunshine mint silver bar: silver bars from the sunshine mint originate in idaho and are characterized by superb quality and immaculate design. on the bar’s obverse side, you can marvel at their famous sunshine mint eagle design with the rising sun as a backdrop. engelhard silver bar: originating from new jersey, usa, engelhard was one of the top silver bar producers in the world, and their silver bars have always been in high demand. the design of the bar features engelhard’s logo in big block letters. johnson matthey silver bar: in the past, johnson matthey used to be one of the best refiners of gold and silver on the planet. despite that it has now moved away from its manufacturing business, you can still find various johnson matthey silver bars for sale. the design depicts the crossed hammers logo of the company. fortuna from pamp suisse: the swiss refiner pamp suisse issues these shimmering silver bars whose design is beautified by the roman goddess of fortune. nowadays, investors consider pamp as the world’s primary bullion brand, and a testament to its success is its characteristic fortuna design. silver mints (national vs private) one of the most commonly asked questions is which silver bar you should buy. in addition to the size of the bar having an impact on premium, the mint may affect a bar’s pricing slightly. the more recognizable the silver mint is to the general silver bullion buying public, the more likely you will receive top dollar silver bullion price bids when it is time to sell your silver bullion bar(s). as a general rule, national mint silver bars are more expensive, but they are also more tradable. private mints are less expensive to buy, but they don’t carry any face value. silver bars vs rounds vs coins in this section, we will answer the question, “what is the difference between silver bars, rounds, and coins?” let’s first take a look at the difference between silver bars vs silver coins. if you want to get more silver for the money you invest, you should buy silver bars. however, if times get tough, having silver coins can prove to be better as they guarantee the option of spending them. silver coins differ from silver rounds in their legal tender status. coins are legal tender, meaning they have both face value and denomination. in other words, silver coins are money. silver rounds are not legal tender, and they are produced by private manufacturers. you can regard silver rounds as disk-shaped silver bullion bars. tips on what to look for when buying silver bars buying silver bars is fairly straightforward, but there are a few things you should take into consideration before investing. here are the most important tips for that: always make sure you are getting your silver from a trusted vendor. if something sounds fishy, it most probably is. there are two tips of silver bars – art and bullion. art bars can be more visually pleasing, but you might need to pay a premium that is higher than their silver value. pick a bar size that fits your needs best. the 10 oz and 100 ounce sizes are the most common. larger bars have a lower markup, but smaller sizes are easier to sell. some bar brands have a better reputation. thus, they maintain their value longer than others. you cannot go wrong with engelhard, pamp suisse, and johnson matthey. check the spot price of silver before buying. the spot price is the current market price of silver. silver bars usually sell for a little more than that price. quick linkssilversilver coinssilver barssilver rounds90% silver coins & silver dollarsgoldgold coinsgold barsplatinumplatinum coinsplatinum bars payment & pricing shipping policies returns & refunds faq blog contact us login at sd bullion, we believe in doing business the old-fashioned way. world class products, the best bullion prices, with industry-top customer service. thank you to our now 100,000+ customers who have made the switch to sd bullion. terms of use | privacy policy | sitemap copyright @ sd bullion, inc order over the phone 1(800)294-8732 monday—thursday 8am—6pm est friday 8am—5pm est get our best bullion deals in your inbox, subscribe to our mailing list below... newsletter get the latest deals and news!</br><b>subscribe to our mailing list.</b> sign up for our newsletter: subscribe about ssl certificates do not sell my personal information