来源URL: https://web.archive.org/web/20201231043108/https://sdbullion.com/gold/gold-coins
================================================================================

buy gold coins | gold coins for sale | lowest price javascript seems to be disabled in your browser. for the best experience on our site, be sure to turn on javascript in your browser. my account my wish list login compare products create an account1-800-294-8732 my account login my cart toggle nav searchsearch advanced searchsearch search 1-800-294-8732 menu top sellerssilversilver coins us silver eagles silver maple leafs 90% junk silver silver dollars america the beautiful african silver coins australian perth mint austrian philharmonics british silver coins chinese silver pandas new zealand silver mexican silver libertads us silver eagles silver maple leafs 90% junk silver silver dollars america the beautiful african silver coins australian perth mint austrian philharmonics british silver coins chinese silver pandas new zealand silver mexican silver libertadssilver rounds fractional silver rounds 1 oz silver rounds 2 oz silver rounds 5 oz silver rounds intaglio silver rounds specialty silver rounds fractional silver rounds 1 oz silver rounds 2 oz silver rounds 5 oz silver rounds intaglio silver rounds specialty silver roundssilver bars 1 oz silver bars 5 oz silver bars 10 oz silver bars kilo silver bars 100 oz silver bars 1 oz silver bars 5 oz silver bars 10 oz silver bars kilo silver bars 100 oz silver barsother silvernew releases truth coin series other world silver scottsdale silver silver bulletsnew releases truth coin series other world silver scottsdale silver silver bulletssilver coins us silver eagles silver maple leafs 90% junk silver silver dollars america the beautiful african silver coins australian perth mint austrian philharmonics british silver coins chinese silver pandas new zealand silver mexican silver libertads us silver eagles silver maple leafs 90% junk silver silver dollars america the beautiful african silver coins australian perth mint austrian philharmonics british silver coins chinese silver pandas new zealand silver mexican silver libertadssilver rounds fractional silver rounds 1 oz silver rounds 2 oz silver rounds 5 oz silver rounds intaglio silver rounds specialty silver rounds fractional silver rounds 1 oz silver rounds 2 oz silver rounds 5 oz silver rounds intaglio silver rounds specialty silver roundssilver bars 1 oz silver bars 5 oz silver bars 10 oz silver bars kilo silver bars 100 oz silver bars 1 oz silver bars 5 oz silver bars 10 oz silver bars kilo silver bars 100 oz silver barsother silvernew releases truth coin series other world silver scottsdale silver silver bulletsnew releases truth coin series other world silver scottsdale silver silver bulletsgoldgold coins us gold eagles gold maple leafs us gold buffalos australian gold coins british gold coins chinese gold pandas gold krugerrands gold philharmonics mexican gold libertads us gold eagles gold maple leafs us gold buffalos australian gold coins british gold coins chinese gold pandas gold krugerrands gold philharmonics mexican gold libertadsgold bars gram bars 1 oz gold bars 5 oz - kilo bars gram bars 1 oz gold bars 5 oz - kilo barsother goldnew releases pre-33 gold truth coin seriesnew releases pre-33 gold truth coin seriesgold coins us gold eagles gold maple leafs us gold buffalos australian gold coins british gold coins chinese gold pandas gold krugerrands gold philharmonics mexican gold libertads us gold eagles gold maple leafs us gold buffalos australian gold coins british gold coins chinese gold pandas gold krugerrands gold philharmonics mexican gold libertadsgold bars gram bars 1 oz gold bars 5 oz - kilo bars gram bars 1 oz gold bars 5 oz - kilo barsother goldnew releases pre-33 gold truth coin seriesnew releases pre-33 gold truth coin seriesplatinum platinum coins platinum bars platinum coins platinum barsdoc's dealsother accessories copper water filters shop by mintus mintroyal canadian mintperth mintbritish royal mintchinese mintnew zealand mintmexican mintsilvertownesunshine mintingscottsdale mintus mintroyal canadian mintperth mintbritish royal mintchinese mintnew zealand mintmexican mintsilvertownesunshine mintingscottsdale mint mintcertified™ palladium survival food accessories mintcertified™ copper palladium water filters survival food shop by mintus mintroyal canadian mintperth mintbritish royal mintchinese mintnew zealand mintmexican mintsilvertownesunshine mintingscottsdale mintus mintroyal canadian mintperth mintbritish royal mintchinese mintnew zealand mintmexican mintsilvertownesunshine mintingscottsdale mintspot prices gold spot price silver spot price platinum spot price palladium spot price gold/silver ratio gold spot price silver spot price platinum spot price palladium spot price gold/silver ratiosell to usresources gold silver iras gold silver storage investing guide gold silver news blog about gold silver iras gold silver storage investing guide gold silver news blog about account update: due to increased order volume, our current shipping time is 3-5 business days after payment clears. home gold gold coins gold coins us mint american gold eagle coins royal canadian mint gold coins american gold buffalo coins british royal mint gold coins chinese mint gold panda coins south african mint gold krugerrand coins australian perth mint gold coins mexican gold libertad coins austrian gold philharmonic coins pre-1933 gold coins random 1 oz gold coins other gold coins throughout history, man has fought over the possession of gold. even now, this yellow precious metal continues to command the top-spot on the precious metals investment ladder – thanks to incredible, incessant demand from all over the world. however, like all other precious metals, gold too comes in many different forms. choosing the right form becomes all the more important when it comes to selecting a vehicle for gold investments. the three primary avenues of gold investments are: coins, rounds, and bars. every form of gold has its own utility, advantages, and disadvantages. nonetheless, gold coins hold a special place in every investor’s portfolio. for good reason. gold coins are usually minted by a government mint, or by a private mint at the behest of a sovereign government. most governments then go on to assign legal tender status to these gold coins, complete with face values in their national currency. why gold coins? although the value of the gold in coins far exceeds the face value assigned to them, investors and collectors value them much higher. this demand stems from the following factors that are unique to coins – counterfeiting coins comes with a heavier punishment: although counterfeiting rounds and bars is punishable too, counterfeiting official currency coins of a sovereign nation is deemed a much more serious crime by comparison. this acts as a deterrent for counterfeiters and as a symbol of trust and quality for investors. legal tender status with a face value: even though their face value is miles beneath the cost of gold in the coin, this value acts as a guarantee. a guarantee that any investor’s investment will never amount to zero, in the event of the unlikeliest of scenarios. top-notch quality: government-minted coins are expected to adhere to the highest of quality standards. hence, the quality of designs, striking, and finish are usually superior to other gold investment vehicles. however, this is not always the case as there are some rounds and bars that will put even the finest of gold coins to shame with their sublime quality. long-running series and coin programs: governments naturally have much larger coffers and budgets compared to other private minting entities – allowing them to run several decades-long coin programs. highly liquid: although gold is a relatively liquid precious metal already, gold coins are even easier to barter and trade with during crisis situations. two key features as with most products, even gold coins have a virtually limitless number of options in the precious metals market. however, there are some features/factors that investors and collectors can rely on when choosing a coin to add to their collection or investment portfolio. the importance placed on these factors will vary from investor to investor and collector to collector. purity although most government mints strike gold coins at the 0.999 (99.9%) purity standard, many exceptions are found on the market. check the purity of the gold in a coin before buying. this purity can range from 0.916 (91.67%) pure gold, also called 22-karat gold, to 0.9999 (99.99%) pure gold, also dubbed the four-niner purity. weight many mints have started switching to metric weights, with the chinese mint being the most recent one to do so. hence, the weight of the gold in your coin should be of primary importance to both collectors and investors. the 1 troy ounce and 30-gram varieties are the most popular variants – due to their balance of weight, value, size, and cost. gold coin series/gold coin programs many collectors love to maintain complete sets of certain coin series, while some investors are partial to certain series due to their popularity and demand. hence, identifying the coin program that a gold coin belongs to is paramount. famous gold coin series our wide selection encompasses products from across the globe – ensuring that we bring the world’s best to your doorstep. here are a few of the most popular gold coin series, not only on sd bullion, but also in the world: american gold eagle coins the official gold bullion coin of the united states of america, the american gold eagle is an awe-inspiring precious metals product indeed. it is released by the united states mint, and has been a regular annual feature since it first released in 1986. these coins feature augustus saint-gaudens’ rendition of lady liberty on the obverse, and miley busiek’s depiction of a family of eagles on the reverse. although this series isn’t the oldest gold coin program in the world, it does feature among the most popular and successful ones. canadian gold maple leaf coins only the second gold coin to enter the precious metals market, the canadian gold maple leaf coins have a rich history spanning close to four decades (launched in 1979). these coins are an annual feature from the royal canadian mint, and are assigned legal tender status in canada. as its name suggests, these coins bear the proud maple leaf design on their reverses. this leaf is one of the most iconic and important canadian symbols – and its depiction leaves nothing to be desired. the detailed design captures the most intricate veins and textures, making the leaf look very real. on the other hand, queen elizabeth ii’s most recent rendition is featured on the obverse sides. although these coins don’t boast annually changing designs, the design on this side changes when the mint starts using another portrait of the queen on circulating currency. south african gold krugerrand coins the south african gold krugerrands are perhaps the products that started the frenzy of gold coin production across the globe. in fact, it was the only gold coin on the market between 1967 when it first released and 1979, until the canadian gold maple leaf launched. these coins aimed to increase private ownership of gold, and was struck using 0.9167 pure (22-karat) gold. however, economic sanctions against south africa during the 70s and 80s saw this coin being banned in western countries. the proud springbok antelope appears on the reverse, while the portrait of paul kruger (the fifth president of south africa) adorns the obverse sides. british gold britannia coins although these coins were originally struck using 0.917 gold, the royal mint adopted the 24-karat (0.9999) purity standard for these coins in 2013. this series is also among the more popular and older gold coin series in the world. in fact, the first gold britannia was released in 1987, just a year after the american gold eagles. the reverses feature the image of britannia, a personification of the geographical region that comprises great britain. she is seen holding a trident and shield, ready to defend the land against those who would do it harm. on the other hand, the obverses bear the latest portrayal of queen elizabeth ii, in accordance with the effigy being used on circulating coinage that year. the gold price and gold coins when you buy gold bullion like gold coins at sd bullion, your order is locked in at the gold price today. this allows our customers to know exactly what they are paying for their gold coin purchase. so, no matter what the gold price does after your order is placed, you won't have to worry, because your rate is already fixed. our customers love this because they can pick the exact spot price of gold they want to lock in at and complete their purchase that same day. quick linkssilversilver coinssilver barssilver rounds90% silver coins & silver dollarsgoldgold coinsgold barsplatinumplatinum coinsplatinum bars payment & pricing shipping policies returns & refunds faq blog contact us login at sd bullion, we believe in doing business the old-fashioned way. world class products, the best bullion prices, with industry-top customer service. thank you to our now 100,000+ customers who have made the switch to sd bullion. terms of use | privacy policy | sitemap copyright @ sd bullion, inc order over the phone 1(800)294-8732 monday—thursday 8am—6pm est friday 8am—5pm est get our best bullion deals in your inbox, subscribe to our mailing list below... newsletter get the latest deals and news!</br><b>subscribe to our mailing list.</b> sign up for our newsletter: subscribe about ssl certificates do not sell my personal information