来源URL: https://web.archive.org/web/20221211002139/https://sdbullion.com/silver/silver-bars
================================================================================

silver bars for sale at lowest price - sd bullion the store will not work correctly in the case when cookies are disabled. javascript seems to be disabled in your browser. for the best experience on our site, be sure to turn on javascript in your browser. free shipping on $199+ orders my account my wish list login compare products create an account1-800-294-8732 my account login my cart toggle nav search search advanced searchsearch 1-800-294-8732 search silver gold deals in stock menu in stock in stock silver in stock gold in stock platinum new releases in stock silver in stock gold in stock platinum new releasessilversilver coins us silver eagles silver maple leafs 90% junk silver silver dollars african silver coins australian perth mint austrian philharmonics british silver coins chinese silver pandas new zealand silver mexican silver libertads us silver eagles silver maple leafs 90% junk silver silver dollars african silver coins australian perth mint austrian philharmonics british silver coins chinese silver pandas new zealand silver mexican silver libertadssilver rounds fractional silver rounds 1 oz silver rounds 2 oz silver rounds 5 oz silver rounds the awakening fractional silver rounds 1 oz silver rounds 2 oz silver rounds 5 oz silver rounds the awakeningsilver bars 1 oz silver bars 5 oz silver bars 10 oz silver bars kilo silver bars 100 oz silver bars 1000 oz silver bars gram silver bars 1 oz silver bars 5 oz silver bars 10 oz silver bars kilo silver bars 100 oz silver bars 1000 oz silver bars gram silver barsother silver truth coin series scottsdale silver 2023 releases starter packs ira approved silver other world silver truth coin series scottsdale silver 2023 releases starter packs ira approved silver other world silversilver coins us silver eagles silver maple leafs 90% junk silver silver dollars african silver coins australian perth mint austrian philharmonics british silver coins chinese silver pandas new zealand silver mexican silver libertads us silver eagles silver maple leafs 90% junk silver silver dollars african silver coins australian perth mint austrian philharmonics british silver coins chinese silver pandas new zealand silver mexican silver libertadssilver rounds fractional silver rounds 1 oz silver rounds 2 oz silver rounds 5 oz silver rounds the awakening fractional silver rounds 1 oz silver rounds 2 oz silver rounds 5 oz silver rounds the awakeningsilver bars 1 oz silver bars 5 oz silver bars 10 oz silver bars kilo silver bars 100 oz silver bars 1000 oz silver bars gram silver bars 1 oz silver bars 5 oz silver bars 10 oz silver bars kilo silver bars 100 oz silver bars 1000 oz silver bars gram silver barsother silver truth coin series scottsdale silver 2023 releases starter packs ira approved silver other world silver truth coin series scottsdale silver 2023 releases starter packs ira approved silver other world silvergoldgold coins us gold eagles gold maple leafs us gold buffalos australian gold coins british gold coins chinese gold pandas gold krugerrands gold philharmonics mexican gold libertads us gold eagles gold maple leafs us gold buffalos australian gold coins british gold coins chinese gold pandas gold krugerrands gold philharmonics mexican gold libertadsgold bars all gram bars 1 oz gold bars 1 kilo gold bars all large bars all gram bars 1 oz gold bars 1 kilo gold bars all large barsother gold pre-33 gold truth coin series sd24k gold jewelry ira approved gold pre-33 gold truth coin series sd24k gold jewelry ira approved goldgold coins us gold eagles gold maple leafs us gold buffalos australian gold coins british gold coins chinese gold pandas gold krugerrands gold philharmonics mexican gold libertads us gold eagles gold maple leafs us gold buffalos australian gold coins british gold coins chinese gold pandas gold krugerrands gold philharmonics mexican gold libertadsgold bars all gram bars 1 oz gold bars 1 kilo gold bars all large bars all gram bars 1 oz gold bars 1 kilo gold bars all large barsother gold pre-33 gold truth coin series sd24k gold jewelry ira approved gold pre-33 gold truth coin series sd24k gold jewelry ira approved goldplatinum platinum coins platinum bars ira approved platinum platinum coins platinum bars ira approved platinumdoc's dealsother accessories mintcertified™ palladium jewelry copper shop by mintus mintroyal canadian mintperth mintbritish royal mintchinese mintnew zealand mintmexican mintsunshine mintingscottsdale mintgermania mintargor-heraeus mintsilvertowneus mintroyal canadian mintperth mintbritish royal mintchinese mintnew zealand mintmexican mintsunshine mintingscottsdale mintgermania mintargor-heraeus mintsilvertowne accessories jewelry mintcertified™ copper palladium shop by mintus mintroyal canadian mintperth mintbritish royal mintchinese mintnew zealand mintmexican mintsunshine mintingscottsdale mintgermania mintargor-heraeus mintsilvertowneus mintroyal canadian mintperth mintbritish royal mintchinese mintnew zealand mintmexican mintsunshine mintingscottsdale mintgermania mintargor-heraeus mintsilvertownesell to usspot prices gold spot price silver spot price platinum spot price palladium spot price gold/silver ratio gold spot price silver spot price platinum spot price palladium spot price gold/silver ratioresources gold silver iras gold silver storage investing guide gold silver news blog about gold silver iras gold silver storage investing guide gold silver news blog about account home silver silver bars silver bars 1 oz silver bars 5 oz silver bars 10 oz silver bars kilo silver bars 100 oz silver bars 1,000 oz silver bars silver gram bars silver bars for sale buying silver bullion is typically most affordable when you buy silver bars. the most popular ones for sale are 1 oz, 5 oz, 10 oz, kilo, and 100 oz sizes. they can be minted from private mints, such as the highly recognized sunshine mint, to government mints like the royal canadian mint (rcm). buying silver bars is a popular investment for both new and seasoned silver investors alike. choose and buy from our silver bar inventory above. most silver investors turn to bars instead of coins when they are looking to acquire the most silver ounces for their money. like silver rounds, bars rarely carry any collectible value and their price is highly dependent on the silver content within. what are the benefits of buying a silver bar? the primary advantage is the lower cost of silver per gram or ounce in comparison to smaller silver coins. you can buy a silver bar in large sizes of up to 100 oz, or even 5 kg (160 oz), and it would still be more affordable than a gold bullion bar, for example, because of silver's lower price. in addition, the production costs of silver bars are lower. that results in cheaper prices per gram or ounce. moreover, the silver market is growing due to the rising industrial demand. thus, investing in silver bars could bring profits in the future. finally, the market is abundant with options and a variety of sizes, the most common being 1 oz, 10 oz, and 100 oz. silver bar sizes 1 oz silver bars these might be among the tiniest in the category, but 1 oz silver bars are some of the most famous options for silver bullion investment. you don't need a large initial investment to get involved, you can easily store and transport them, and buying and selling them can be done very easily. sd bullion's 1-ounce silver bars for sale come with .999 purity. depending on the inventory available in the market, we try to offer a wide selection so each investor can find something they like. 5 oz silver bars if 1 oz bars are too small, yet 10 oz is a fairly big jump for you, then you might consider the 5 oz silver bars option. they might be cheaper than the 10-ounce version, but still a fantastic investment option, and a logical next step when accumulating your precious metals wealth. the sunshine mint is your game if you'd like to acquire some of the most popular choices on the 5-ounce silver bars market. they are made of .999 pure silver and come with a repeating sunburst design for added security. 10 oz silver bars if you're a serious investor, the 10 oz silver bars are a great choice to enrich your portfolio. smaller sizes might be slightly easier to sell, but 10-ounce silver bar storage is much more convenient, especially if your intention is to stock up. sd bullion's 10-ounce bars come in .999+ pure quality, are appropriate for iras, and are great for forward-thinking investors, too. even if you have just started, investing in a few precious 10 ounce bars can greatly boost your precious metal portfolio and potentially help you secure a more promising future. 100 oz silver bars if you are looking for a more convenient way to greatly expand your investments at once, the 100 oz silver bars could be a great option. while it's true there may not be as many buyers for 100 oz bars, there's still a large demand for them. sd bullion's 100-ounce silver bars pride themselves on .9999 pure silver (the royal canadian mint - rcm), and many .999 fine bars like scottsdale mint, silvertowne, or the sunshine mint. in addition, these bars are a fantastic choice for long-term investing, are fairly easy to store and transport, and are eligible for iras. kilo silver bars 1 kilo silver bars might be almost three times lighter than the 100-ounce bars, but they are still a wonderful choice for long-term investment. our 1 kilo silver bullion bars weigh precisely 1,000 grams of .999 pure silver. in reality, kilogram bars are a cheaper means of investing when buying in bulk. that's because the price-per-oz of 1 kilo is often lower than purchasing 32 x 1 tr oz bars. plus, storing one bigger bar is easier than storing 32 individual ones. 1,000 oz silver bars if you want the most bang for your buck, 1,000 oz silver bars have the lowest premium over spot. however, there are a few things you should be aware of before you decide to purchase them. each bar weighs close to 70 lbs, which makes them hard to handle. their weight actually varies 10% or so. such large silver bullion bars are difficult and expensive to ship. to top it off, they cannot be repurchased outside of lbma vaults, without an initial melting and assaying. even if you are a larger, experienced investor that can afford 1,000 oz bars, our recommendation would be to stick with 100-ounce silver bars as they are much more liquid. popular silver bar designs there are numerous silver bar designs available for sale on our website. but if you are looking forward to investing in the most popular mints, we have made it easy for you by enlisting them below: royal canadian mint: the royal canadian mint is among the few sovereign mints worldwide that can produce silver bars. the design portrays the brand's distinctive maple leaf with gorgeous inscriptions in french. sunshine mint: bars from the sunshine mint originate in idaho and are characterized by superb quality and immaculate design. on the bar's obverse side, you can marvel at their famous sunshine mint eagle design with the rising sun as a backdrop. fortuna from pamp suisse: the swiss refiner pamp suisse issues these shimmering silver bars whose design is beautified by the roman goddess of fortune. nowadays, investors consider pamp as the world's primary bullion brand, and a testament to its success is its characteristic fortuna design. silver mints (national vs private) the more recognizable the silver mint is to the general silver bullion buying public, the more likely you will receive top dollar bids when it is time to sell your bullion bar(s). a silver bar produced by a sovereign government mint is usually more expensive, but it is also more tradable. private mint bars might be less expensive to buy, but you may get less for them when it's time to resell if the brand is not recognizable. silver bars vs rounds vs coins in this section, we will answer the question, " what is the difference between a silver bar, a silver round, and a silver coin? " if you want to get more silver for the money you invest, you should buy silver bars. however, if times get tough, having silver coins might prove to be better as they guarantee the option of spending them. coins are also preferred among collectors due to the numismatic value that coins carry and are typically more expensive than bars because of this. on the other hand, bars are considered a better option for those looking to buy in bulk. the silver bullion coin differs from the silver round in its legal tender status. coins have both a face value and a denomination. in other words, silver coins are money. silver rounds are not legal tender, and they are produced by a private manufacturer. you can regard silver rounds as disk-shaped silver bullion bars. they are generally sold with respect to their pure precious metal content. what to look for when buying silver bars there are a few things you should consider before becoming a silver investor. here are the most important tips: always make sure you are getting your physical silver from a trusted vendor. if something sounds fishy, it most probably is; there are two types of bars - art and bullion. art bars can be more visually pleasing, but you might need to pay a premium that is higher than their silver value; pick a bar size that fits your needs best. the 10 oz and 100-ounce sizes are the most common. larger bars have a lower markup, but smaller sizes are easier to sell; some bar brands have a better reputation. thus, they maintain their value longer than others. you cannot go wrong with pamp suisse, and sunshine minting; check the spot price of silver before buying. the spot price is the current market silver price. silver bars usually sell for a little more than that price. quick linkssilversilver coinssilver barssilver rounds90% junk silver coinssilver starter packsgoldgold coinsgold barsplatinumplatinum coinsplatinum bars call us 1(800)294-8732 email us sales@sdbullion.com get the inside scoop! newsletter get the latest deals and news!</br><b>subscribe to our mailing list.</b> sign up for our newsletter: submit the best bullion deals straight to your inbox. facebook link youtube link instagram link twitter link easy payment options customer care my account contact us shipping policy returns & refunds payment & pricing terms of use privacy policy accessibility cookie settings resources gold price silver price platinum price gold silver storage gold silver ira gold silver news buy silver about us careers faq © 2023 sd bullion, inc. all rights reserved. © 2023 sd bullion, inc. all rights reserved. facebook link youtube link instagram link twitter link