来源URL: https://web.archive.org/web/20231230165342/https://sdbullion.com/gold
================================================================================

buy gold bullion bars | gold coins for sale | lowest price guaranteed the store will not work correctly when cookies are disabled. javascript seems to be disabled in your browser. for the best experience on our site, be sure to turn on javascript in your browser. free shipping on $199+ orders my account my wish list login compare products create an account1-800-294-8732 my account login my cart toggle nav search search advanced searchsearch 1-800-294-8732 search silver gold deals in stock menu in stock in stock silver in stock gold in stock platinum top sellers new releases 2024 bullion releases silver silver coins us silver eagles silver maple leafs 90% junk silver silver dollars truth coin series african silver coins australian perth mint austrian philharmonics british silver coins chinese silver pandas new zealand silver mexican silver libertads silver rounds fractional silver rounds 1 oz silver rounds 2 oz silver rounds 5 oz silver rounds intaglio mint silver rounds the awakening silver bars 1 oz silver bars 5 oz silver bars 10 oz silver bars kilo silver bars 100 oz silver bars 1000 oz silver bars gram silver bars other silver ❄ holiday collection ❄ scottsdale silver starter packs 2023 silver releases ira approved silver other world silver gold gold coins us gold eagles gold maple leafs us gold buffalos australian gold coins british gold coins chinese gold pandas african gold coins gold philharmonics mexican gold libertads gold bars all gram bars 1 oz gold bars 1 kilo gold bars all large bars argor-heraeus gold bars valcambi gold bars other gold pre-33 gold truth coin series sd24k gold jewelry foil notes fractional gold 2023 gold releases ira approved gold platinum platinum coins platinum bars ira approved platinum doc's deals other accessories mintcertified™ palladium jewelry copper shop by mint us mint royal canadian mint british royal mint perth mint austrian mint south african mint pamp suisse mint argor-heraeus mint valcambi mint germania mint scottsdale mint chinese mint mexican mint ❄️holiday❄️ sell to us spot prices gold spot price silver spot price platinum spot price palladium spot price gold/silver ratio resources gold silver iras gold silver storage investing guide gold silver news blog about account gold gold gold coins american gold eagle coins gold bars canadian gold coins american gold buffalo coins perth mint australian gold coins chinese gold panda coins british royal mint gold coins african gold coins austrian gold philharmonic coins mexican gold libertad coins truth series gold coins other gold products foil notes fractional gold 2023 gold releases ira approved gold buy gold coins & bars online at the most trusted bullion dealer buy gold at the most trusted online bullion dealer in the us! sd bullion's most popular gold coins, bars, and bullion include gold american eagles, buffaloes, maples, us gold, krugerrands, pandas, and a wide selection of gold bars. protect your financial heritage with a physical gold investment in the world's ultimate hard currency from sd bullion. both physical gold bullion and physical silver bullion offer a way to diversity your assets from the traditional paper monetary financial system. precious metals are an alternative investment with real, inherent value. it is a hard asset, finite, and can't be printed or reproduced. there is a limited amount able to be mined. it has stood the test of time and gold bullion has been traded in various methods for hundreds of years. the gold products we offer are almost entirely investment grade purity.  investment grade gold is defined as having a purity of .995 or greater and thus our gold coins are mostly dependent on the gold spot price derived from the financial markets.  sd bullion offers a full line of gold coins and bars to meet your investment needs. our most popular gold bullion products include american gold eagles, gold buffalos, canadian gold maples, gold krugerrand, austrian gold philharmonic, chinese gold pandas, and us gold. sd bullion also carries gold bars in varying sizes including generic 1 oz gold bars and 1 kilo gold bars. view all gold coins view all gold bars american gold eagle the american gold eagle is minted by the us mint. like the american silver eagles, the gold eagles are legal government currency. it is the only gold bullion coin whose weight, content, and purity are guaranteed by the united states government.  it is available in varying sizes including:1/10 oz gold eagle coin1/4 oz gold eagle coin1/2 oz gold eagle coin1 oz gold eagle coin gold buffalo the gold buffalo coin is also minted by the us mint.  it is the first and only .9999 purity gold coin ever struck by the us mint.  it is perhaps the most sought after of any official gold coin produced by national mints.  each buffalo coin contains 1 oz of .9999 fine gold with a face value of $50. canadian gold maples one of sd bullion's most popular gold coins is the canadian gold maple minted by the royal canadian mint.  beginning in 2015, the canadian gold maple contains state of the art micro-engraving as an anti-counterfeiting measure.  the coin is available in multiple sizes:1/20 oz gold maple leaf coin1/10 oz gold maple leaf coin1/4 oz gold maple leaf coin1/2 oz gold maple leaf coin1 oz gold maple leaf coin ira eligible products not all gold products are ira eligible for inclusion in precious metal retirement accounts. please look for the ✔ira approved checkmark on the product page for the product that you are interested in purchasing. if the checkmark is not present on the page, that product is not eligible for inclusion in precious metal retirement accounts. if you have any questions regarding setting up or buying gold for your account please contact our staff at 1-800-294-8732. gold mints at sd bullion, we pride ourselves in the quality of the institutions for which we choose to carry products. each of the mints below are industry recognized institutions providing the best quality products to market. austrian mint chinese mint republic metals corporation south african mint sunshine mint us mint gold royal canadian mint live market prices when it comes to purchasing or selling bullion, the market value for gold (also referred to as "spot price") is the basis for all pricing. almost all products on sd bullion operate on a spot price plus the product premium (also referred to as "over spot") formula to determine the final price. for example, if the market value for gold is x and the product premium is y, the final price would be x+y=z. premium pricing is mostly consistent per product but the market value for silver changes vastly on a minute by minute basis. our market feed integrates live up to the minute market prices from worldwide markets. we offer both live and historical gold prices available on our website's live market prices page. this means you get the most up-to-date gold price today! you can customize charts to research and find trends in pricing and compare to other precious metal types. broadly speaking, physical gold can be purchased in the following forms: gold bars, gold coins, and gold rounds. however, unlike silver, gold isn’t available in ‘junk’ form as the united states confiscated all gold currency in the 1930s. hence, not only are older gold coins relatively rare, they also command higher premiums – making them a poor investment choice for those looking to build a precious metals portfolio. gold bullion: bars, rounds, & coins gold bullion bars a flat bar struck using .999+ (usually) pure gold is known as a gold bullion bar. ranging from 1 troy ounce to even 32 troy ounces, gold bars are available in various sizes. however, 1 gram, 1 oz, 100 gram and kilo size remain the most common weights available in the bullion market. their popularity stems from the fact that they are worth very close to their gold melt values – making them a solid investment choice. even though gold bars were usually struck by private mints, government mints have also started to strike gold bars for sale to the public as well. gold bullion rounds gold bullion rounds are flat, disk-shaped pieces of .9167+ pure gold. although their weights may range from fractions of a troy ounce to 5 troy ounces, 1 oz gold rounds are far more popular than their heavier and lighter counterparts. gold rounds are generally struck by private mints, and they are worth close to their melt value as well, making them popular choices for investment. gold bullion coins gold coins are also flat, disk-shaped 0.999+ pure gold pieces. however, most gold coins, unlike gold rounds, carry an official face value (legal tender value) in the country of issue. these investment instruments carry one of the highest premiums over the spot price of gold due to collector demand and official recognition from sovereign governments. factors to consider before buying gold 1. premium over spot mainly a part of the discussion when we talk about any gold bullion instrument – premium over gold spot price refers to how much more a product is worth (premium charged) over the melt value of gold present in the gold bullion coin, round, or bar. factors like their minting source, age, rarity, and collector demand play a critical role when valuing a gold product outside its melt value. thus, some rounds, coins, and gold bars of similar weights can have substantially lower prices compared to their more popular counterparts. however, gold coins usually enjoy a higher premium than other gold investment options due to official recognition from a sovereign government. even though the face value given to the coin is nominal in nature, it inspires confidence among buyers. 2. purity though most bars, coins, and rounds manufactured across the world, be it in austria, usa, or china, contain 99.9% pure gold, a few mints like the royal canadian mint surpass the typical purity levels by using 99.99% pure gold in their products. even though a 0.09% purity increase might not seem like a lot, it vaults the gold products into an elite category of products. 3. susceptibility to counterfeit precious metals investments have always been the target of counterfitters looking to make a quick buck. to battle this issue, many mints implement unique markers and counterfeit-proof measures, like sunshine minting’s mint mark si™ feature and the micro-graving done by the royal canadian mint. as the counterfeiting is punishable by law and usually carries a heavy prison sentence and fines, legal tender coins are considered a comparatively safer option as their legal tender status acts as a successful deterrent in most cases. 4. stackability storing gold bullion products can take up considerable space. as secure storage space is a limited resource, products must be chosen with care. stackability of the products purchased will affect the amount/value you can store in a given area of the limited secure storage at your disposal.  value per square inch is a critical metric when buying relatively large quantities of gold bullion. bullion bars allow substantially more amounts of gold per square inch compared to all other investment vehicles. on the other hand, gold coins and rounds are unwieldy options as they require casings, tubes, or boxes when storing large numbers. 5. brand/series famous, well-known coin series and coins from respected mints are easily liquefiable due to constant demand for products. hence, at any given time you will be assured of scores of both active buyers and sellers in the market. this ensures that investors can easily divest their precious metals assets, without having to sell at melt value. 6. new vs. secondary market another factor to take into account when purchasing gold instruments is whether to buy new freshly-minted products or to look for relatively cheaper secondary-market gold goods. like any other product or commodity, most everyone automatically prefers shiny and new. moreover, there is a widespread myth among some investors that secondary-market precious metals products have a lower resale value because of their condition and lack of finish. depending on the sentiment and market condition when the investor is looking to sell, this is not always the case. however, collectors who treasure gold coins for their collectible value will, in most cases, prefer mint condition and near-perfect or perfect graded gold coins. 7. playing the market for people who want to ‘play the market,’ i.e. buy and sell regularly to earn immediate profits on every transaction, it is essential to invest in products that can be moved quickly. even though this is a well-known strategy, timing the market is harder than it seems. for investors who want to buy and sell at a moment’s notice, portability plays an important role in their product choices. however, a healthy risk appetite is required for playing the market. these investors mostly prefer smaller, more portable gold investment vehicles such as coins and rounds. 8. small buyers people with limited capital to invest in precious metals may not divest as much as they would desire into gold bullion. hence, such buyers should stick to cheaper low-risk gold bullion products with lower premiums over spot, offering them solid appreciation over time – granting them with inflation-proof, financial protection. this is the best way to hedge against inflation and is recommended by financial advisors as a good method of balancing portfolios. 9. large buyers these particular buyers are looking to create a hefty fund to hedge inflation. when seeking to establish a substantial fund, bars become an extremely attractive option, as they are the easiest to stack and store. they come in weights as high as 32.15 troy ounces, making storage relatively easier when compared to other instruments such as rounds and coins. however, providing adequate safety and security to this massive quantity of gold can be a tedious task. hence, investors are increasingly attracted towards offshore gold storage facilities, advertising top-of-the-line security and peace of mind. 10. collectors some people out there appreciate the true beauty of a beautifully minted gold coin. take the coins from the famous american gold eagle program for example, with obverses featuring weinman’s beautiful walking liberty and the reverses depicting mercanti’s rendition of a bald eagle and a shield, a symbol of american strength and pride. collectors buy these products for their ‘artistic’ or ‘collectible’ value rather than their melt value. for them, there is no right or wrong; they should pick the products that they consider aesthetically appealing. as you would have probably figured out by now, all forms of gold bullion products have their purpose in an investment portfolio. hence, a safe and recommended strategy is to allocate a specific ratio (depending on you or the advice of your investment advisor) of every type of gold bullion instrument in your tangible assets. however, it is an entirely personal decision that one must take after careful deliberation. quick linkssilversilver coinssilver barssilver rounds90% junk silver coinstruth series silver coinssilver starter packsgoldgold coinsgold barstruth series gold coinsplatinumplatinum coinsplatinum barstruth series platinum coins call us 1(800)294-8732 email us sales@sdbullion.com get the inside scoop! newsletter get the latest deals and news!</br><b>subscribe to our mailing list.</b> sign up for our newsletter: submit the best bullion deals straight to your inbox. facebook link youtube link instagram link twitter link easy payment options customer care my account contact us shipping policy returns & refunds payment & pricing terms of use privacy policy accessibility cookie settings sales tax resources gold price silver price platinum price gold silver storage gold silver ira gold silver news buy silver buy gold about us careers faq © 2023 sd bullion, inc. all rights reserved. © 2023 sd bullion, inc. all rights reserved. facebook link youtube link instagram link twitter link