来源URL: https://web.archive.org/web/20231230165342/https://sdbullion.com/gold/gold-bars
================================================================================

buy gold bars at lowest price | sd bullion the store will not work correctly when cookies are disabled. javascript seems to be disabled in your browser. for the best experience on our site, be sure to turn on javascript in your browser. free shipping on $199+ orders my account my wish list login compare products create an account1-800-294-8732 my account login my cart toggle nav search search advanced searchsearch 1-800-294-8732 search silver gold deals iras menu silver silver coins us silver eagles silver maple leafs 90% junk silver silver dollars truth coin series british silver coins australian perth mint african silver coins chinese silver pandas mexican silver libertads austrian philharmonics silver rounds fractional silver rounds 1 oz silver rounds 2 oz silver rounds 5 oz silver rounds intaglio mint silver rounds the awakening silver bars 1 oz silver bars 5 oz silver bars 10 oz silver bars kilo silver bars 100 oz silver bars 1000 oz silver bars gram silver bars other silver in stock silver scottsdale silver starter packs other world silver popular silver products gold gold coins us gold eagles gold maple leafs us gold buffalos australian gold coins british gold coins chinese gold pandas african gold coins gold philharmonics mexican gold libertads gold bars all gram bars 1 oz gold bars 1 kilo gold bars all large bars argor-heraeus gold bars valcambi gold bars other gold in stock gold pre-33 gold truth coin series scottsdale gold sd24k gold jewelry foil notes fractional gold popular gold products platinum platinum coins platinum bars popular platinum products doc's deals top sellers new releases other shop by mint us mint royal canadian mint british royal mint perth mint austrian mint south african mint pamp suisse mint argor-heraeus mint valcambi mint germania mint scottsdale mint chinese mint mexican mint accessories 2024 bullion releases mintcertified™ palladium jewelry copper iras ira approved silver ira approved gold ira approved platinum sell to us spot prices gold spot price silver spot price platinum spot price palladium spot price gold/silver ratio resources gold silver storage investing guide gold silver news blog about account gold gold bars gold bars 1 oz gold bars 10 oz gold bars 1 kilo gold bars 1 gram gold bars 2.5 gram gold bars 5 gram gold bars 10 gram gold bars 20 gram gold bars 50 gram gold bars 100 gram gold bars all gram gold bars 5 oz gold bars large gold bars argor heraeus gold bars valcambi gold bars pamp suisse gold bars perth mint gold bars buy gold bullion bars buying gold bars is one of the most popular ways to buy gold bullion online today. gold bars are normally priced lower than gold coins so gold bullion stackers prefer them a lot of times for this reason. gold bars also allow you to accumulate a lot of precious metal value in a small format. for example, an ounce of gold has traded for $1,500 to $2,000 over the last decade. an ounce of gold is pretty small and takes up very little space. therefore, it's very easy for hard asset investors to protect hundreds or thousands of fiat dollars in a small cubic space. if you're a large volume investor, you can buy one kilo gold bars that easily fit in your hand, but holds thousands of dollars of value in precious metal. but you don't have to be a large investor to get started buying gold bullion bars. you can start off with 1 gram,. 5 gram or 10 gram gold bars. these gold bars still contain significant fiat dollar value and they also fit any investor budget out there. how to buy gold bars gold bars are usually weighed in troy ounce, but there are also some mints that produce them in grams. another aspect to consider is the production method. minted gold bars bear a smoother surface and may include designs celebrating national symbols, and cultural representations, whereas cast gold bars tend to be heavier options with more simplistic engravings. finally, consider picking products from prominent mints. because they are usually more sought-after, it will likely be faster to resell them (if you decide to do so) than lesser-known mints. gold bullion bars can be minted from government mints like the royal canadian mint (rcm) or private mints like the highly recognized pamp suisse. buying gold bars is a popular investment for both new and experienced physical precious metal investors and long term gold bullion savers. keep reading to learn more about our products. size traditionally, the most popular sizes are the  1 oz gold bar or 5 oz. they offer a flexible investment with sensible premiums. larger bars could be a savvy choice for those willing to make a considerable investment while enjoying lower premium percentages. 10 oz to 1-kilo gold bars is usually the choice. you can also find smaller gold bars, from 1 gram to 10 grams. because most premiums are percentage-based, they could offer lower premiums in terms of gross value than larger ones. they are also easier to handle and store. price gold bar prices are based on the spot gold price, which is a fluctuating value that rises and falls according to live transactions at mercantile markets such as lbma and comex. however, the spot price serves only as a base, but usually does not correspond to the final price of a gold bar. bullion dealers usually add a percentage over the spot price in order to meet business costs and still make a profit. that is called a premium. prices on gold bullion bars can range from a couple dozen dollars on small gram gold bars to tens of thousands in kilo gold bars. and they are constantly updated on our website according to the current gold spot price. minted vs. cast the difference here is in relation to the production method chosen by the mint. cast gold bars are simply made by pouring the molten metal into a mold. they have simple marks on the surface, usually just the weight, purity and the manufacturer logo. a mint gold bar undergoes a more complex process. they are normally made from a cast or a gold ingot that has been rolled to a uniform thickness. those golden sheets are then punched into a die to acquire the precise weight and shape desired, forming what is called blanks. later, the blanks are fed into a minting press to imprint the obverse and reverse designs. government mints vs private mints gold bullion bars are largely available from private mints, such as pamp suisee, valcambi and argor-heraeus. these are some of the most regarded mints in the world. nevertheless, there are also some government-owned mints that produce gold bars for investment purposes. some examples include the royal canadian mint, the australian perth mint, and the british royal mint. enjoy the large assortment of gold bars from the most prominent mints in the world right here at sd bullion. what to look in a gold bar? the bar's producer the bar's producer is also called the mint. there are many mints in the precious metals industry. you can usually find out the gold bar's manufacturer by simply looking on the product's obverse where you will, most likely, find a logo or the name of the mint that produced it. why prominent manufacturers matter choosing a gold bar can be an overwhelming process, given the array of sizes, mints and designs we offer here at sd bullion. the first thing you should be aware of is that an investment-grade gold bar should contain, at least, .999 fine levels of pure gold content. that includes gold bars intended for individual retirement accounts, or iras. thus, the most important factor influencing gold bar prices remains the purity and the weight of the gold bar. however, it is also true that the more regarded and renowned the gold bar's mint is, the more sought-after it will be by investors and bullion dealers worldwide. in other words, it should be easier to resell and to fetch better prices from gold bars produced by renowned manufacturers. for instance, a sovereign national mint, such as the royal canadian mint (rcm) , is easily recognizable by investors worldwide. their products are known to contain top-notch quality. therefore, it's possible that a gold bar from the rcm, much like a gold coin from them, will be easier to sell back to a gold bullion dealer and get a better price than lesser-known mints. the same goes for highly praised private mints, such as pamp suisse or valcambi. investors will recognize their logo and fame all over the globe. thus, they should obtain slightly better prices as well. the bar's weight and purity common weights of gold bars as we have mentioned before, bullion bars come in various sizes and weights. the most common one is the 1 troy ounce gold bar because it usually poses a good value, is easy to handle and store, and has high liquidity. even so, you might find that smaller bars could be a sensible entry point into the precious metals industry. because prices are based on the bar's weight, small gram gold bars do not require a considerable initial investment, and you can still enjoy the possible benefits of bullion investing. on the other hand, seasoned investors might choose larger bars. buying larger amounts of gold bullion at once might help you save on premiums. here are the sizes of gold bars for sale at sd bullion: 1/100th troy ounce; 0.5 gram; 1 gram; 2 grams; 2.5 grams; 5 grams; 10 grams; 20 grams; 1 troy ounce; 50 grams; 5 troy ounces; 10 troy ounces; 1 kilo. the bar's assay card many bullion products come with some form of assay proof, like the assayer's mark engraved on the bar itself. smaller bars, for instance, usually come in a sealed assay card that contains all the relevant information for that piece, like the date of assay, weight, purity, and, sometimes, a serial number. likewise, an assay certificate might be included in the purchase. it also serves as proof of authenticity and the origin of that specific bullion bar or coin. the bar's design gold bullion bars can come in different designs. some of them are so popular that the precious metal industry sees them as symbols of excellence. others represent only limited-time offers. below, you'll find the most popular gold bars for sale here at sd bullion: pamp fortuna pamp fortuna bars are the cream of the crop when it comes to attention to detail. many investors see pamp as arguably the best gold refiner in the world. every single bar features fortuna - the roman goddess of fortune. pamp fortuna bars can weigh as little as 1 gram (0.032 troy oz) and as big as 1 kilogram (32.15 troy oz) of 99.99% fine gold content. pamp suisse cast bars despite these gold ingots having no specific designs of their own, pamp suisse's logo engraved on them is enough testament to their high quality. they are usually available at 50 grams or 100 grams with .9999 fineness and could make for a great addition to your investment portfolio. credit suisse gold bar credit suisse bars might have a simple design - just the company's logo on the obverse side - but they stand in high regard across collectors around the globe. valcambi, one of switzerland's most well-known precious metals refineries, produces credit suisse gold bars. valcambi combibar you can't go wrong with valcambi's combibar. the most common option is the 50-gram (1.60 troy oz), 999.9 purity. the rectangular bar is sold as one 50-gram bar, but it can also be split into 50 individual 1-gram bars. valcambi's brilliant technology makes sure there's no loss of purity or gold content when separating them. royal canadian mint gold bar the rcm is one of the very few sovereign mints that issue such products. its .9999 pure gold content is a phenomenal value for savvy gold investors. on the bar, you'll find the mint's maple leaf logo, together with its name in both english and french. sunshine minting gold bar the sunshine mint is one of the most prominent private mints in america. the gold bar's obverse side features the firm's popular logo - an american bald eagle in flight, with sunshine behind it. perth mint gold bar as one of the most highly accredited refiners worldwide, the perth mint seduces you with an unmatched combination of choice, design, and quality. you'll easily recognize the gold bar by its logo - a jumping kangaroo on the reverse side. it is worth mentioning that the perth mint also produces a simple square-shaped, yet awe-striking, 1 ounce .9999 fine cast gold bar. argor-heraeus gold bar argor-heraeus is another swiss-based refinery. known for their dazzling designs, argor-heraeus is a key supplier for some of the most important financial instutitions and bullion houses around the world. gold bars q&a how much does a gold bar cost? the price of a gold bar mainly depends on its weight and the current spot price for gold. both online and local precious metals dealers will add a small percentage over that base price, called a premium. and that will be determining for establishing the final price of gold bars. how big is a gold bar? the dimensions of a gold bar will vary according to its weight and also from manufacturer to manufacturer. for instance, a pamp suisse 1 oz gold bar from their fortuna collection is 24 x 41 mm and 1.66 mm thick. a valcambi 1 oz gold bar is 22 x 38 mm and 2.30 mm thick. do central banks buy gold bars? although gold is no longer a base metal for currency around the world, central banks do hold large reserves of this precious metal in order to safeguard their financial system against possible devaluation of their country's fiat currency. gold serves as a portfolio diversifier, mitigating possible investment risks. the united states has the biggest gold reserve in the world with over 8,000 tons stored in american vaults. is buying gold bars a good investment? in an era of the fiat currency monetary system, many experts suggest gold investment as a safe haven and a sensible way to diversify a portfolio and hedge against inflation. most importantly, gold is a long-term investment that could potentially outperform stocks in the long run. gold bars are some of the most liquid forms when it comes to investing in bullion. it usually has lower premiums when compared to gold coins, for instance. therefore, for those who would like to maximize their investments in terms of pure gold purchased, gold bars could be a savvy choice. what is a gold bullion bar? a gold bullion bar is a brick-shaped gold bullion of .999 fine gold content. it can be minted or cast. a cast bar is done by pouring molten gold into a mold. minted bars undergo a more precise process, which involves cutting thin layers of gold to create a perfect shape and run it through a machine press several times. minted bars usually receive a more detailed design and are packaged on a certified assay card. many investors purchase gold bullion bars as a direct physical gold investment. what is the gold spot price? when purchasing gold bullion, the product price will always be determined by the gold spot price of the day as well as the premium for the specific product you are purchasing. these two numbers combined will equal the total amount for the product. while each product carries a different or unique premium price (the dealer sets this based on premiums received from wholesalers), the gold spot price is a third-party price set by the bullion market that all dealers trade on, such as comex and the new york mercantile exchange. where to buy gold bars? you can buy gold bars from brick-and-mortar precious metal dealers, or from online retailers, such as sd bullion. you can usually find better premiums when you buy gold bars online because local shops tend to have higher business costs, usually translating to higher premiums than online dealers. how to sell gold bars? you can liquidate your gold bars by selling them to a precious metal dealer or directly to other gold buyers. to sell gold bars online, the process is usually simple. contact the dealer to negotiate the price for your products. when the price is set, you should receive a purchase order. ship your products to the address given by the dealer with the purchase order included. there is usually a period for the inventory team to inspect the products and confirm their authenticity. once approved, you should receive your payment in a couple of business days. consider selling your physical bullion to us here at sd bullion. our agents are constantly buying and selling a wide assortment of precious metals products. at sd bullion, we value your investment and offer you industry-leading rates. who makes gold bars? private mints and some national mints make gold bars for investment purposes. a few of the most prominent foreign private mints include pamp, credit suisse, valcambi, and argor-heraeus. from the united states, scottsdale mint and sunshine minting inc. are well-renowned. goverment-owned mints that make gold bars include the royal canadian mint, the perth mint and the royal mint. can you add gold bars to an ira? as long as they contain 99.9% fine gold, gold bars are allowed in an ira. therefore, you should look for products that are from nymex or comex-approved refineries. also, make sure to purchase your gold bullion from trusted precious metal dealers to avoid scams and counterfeits. can you buy gold bars from a bank? it is possible to buy gold bars from a bank, but there is a limited number of banks that are authorized gold sellers. also, in most cases they sell only gold coins rather than bars, and will, more often than not, charge exceedingly higher than precious metals dealers. what is the safest way to buy gold bars the safest way to buy gold bars is to look for trusted dealers, with experience in the bullion market, that will give you a fair price for your assets and value your investments. sd bullion, for instance, has over a decade of experience and has made more than 300,000 satisfied customers. is it better to invest in gold bars or gold coins? when you purchase gold bars, you will typically not pay for any collectible value, which translates to a lower premium. their gold price heavily depends on the producer, purity, and overall weight of the gold bar. most gold investors who purchase gold bullion bars instead of gold bullion coins are looking to acquire the most gold ounces for their money. quick linkssilversilver coinssilver barssilver rounds90% junk silver coinstruth series silver coinssilver starter packsgoldgold coinsgold barstruth series gold coinsscottsdale mint goldplatinumplatinum coinsplatinum barstruth series platinum coins call us 1(800)294-8732 email us sales@sdbullion.com get the inside scoop! newsletter get the latest deals and news!</br><b>subscribe to our mailing list.</b> sign up for our newsletter: submit the best bullion deals straight to your inbox. facebook link youtube link instagram link twitter link easy payment options customer care my account contact us shipping policy returns & refunds payment & pricing terms of use privacy policy accessibility cookie settings sales tax resources gold price silver price platinum price gold silver storage gold silver ira gold silver news buy silver buy gold about us careers faq © 2024 sd bullion, inc. all rights reserved. © 2024 sd bullion, inc. all rights reserved. facebook link youtube link instagram link twitter link