来源URL: https://web.archive.org/web/20191102191716/https://www.ssactivewear.com/about/privacypolicy
================================================================================

privacy policy we're sorry your browser either doesn't support javascript or it has been disabled. many of our sites features require javascript to work properly. please enable javascript or upgrade to a browser that supports it.        help me! my account 800.523.2155 about us get started here sign up login or brands a-b adidas all sport alleson athletic alpine fleece alternative alstyle american apparel american needle anvil augusta sportswear badger bayside bella + canvas blue 84 boxercraft brookson bay bulwark burnside c-d c2 sport calvin klein carmel towel company champion chef designs code five colorado clothing columbia comfort colors comfortwash doggie skins dri duck dyenomite e-j featherlite flexfit fortress french toast fruit of the loom gildan hanes hardware hilton independent trading co. izod j. america jerzees just my size k-p kati lat lee liberty bags mega cap ml kishigo mv sport next level oad oakley outdoor cap prim + preux puma q-s q-tees rabbit skins rawlings red kap richardson russell athletic sierra pacific socco soybu sportsman stormtech sublivie t-z the game the stadium chair tommy hilfiger towels plus valucap van heusen weatherproof wrangler yupoong categories t-shirts3/4 sleevecrewneck collardresseshigh visibilitylong sleevesnewperformancepocketsraglansafetyshort sleevesspiritweartank topstie dyedv-neckathleticsbrascaprisfull-zipshoodedjacketsleggingsnewpantspulloverquarter-zipsraglanshortsspiritweartank topswarm-upsouterwearfleecefull-zipshigh visibilityhoodedjacketsnewpackablespuffersquarter-zipsvestswovens/ dress shirtsbowlinglong sleevesnewplacketspocketsschoolshort sleevessweatersuniformspolos/ sports shirtsjerseynewperformancepiqueschoolsweatshirts/ sweatpantscrewneckdrawstringsfleecefull-zipshigh visibilityhoodedkissing zippermedia pocketnewopen bottomquarter-zipsraglansweatpantsaccessoriesapronsbagsbibsblanketschairscoolersglovesheadwearloungewearonesiesscarfsocksswimweartowelsunderwearuniformsapronsjacketsjumperspantspolosschoolshortsvestswovens colors all blues blue dusk carolina blue indigo blue iris light blue metro blue navy oceana royal sapphire sky stone blue all greens atlantis avocado camouflage forest irish jade dome kelly kiwi lime military pistachio safety serene all oranges gold honey orange safety orange tangerine texas orange all reds cardinal red cedar cherry red paprika red rose blossom all browns camel chestnut dark choc. khaki olive prairie dust sand tan all purples maroon orchid purple violet all greys ash black charcoal ice grey silver sport grey all pinks azalea heliconia light pink salmon all heathers dark dark choc. cardinal cinnamon forest indigo navy all yellows daisy safety yellow vegas gold yellow haze all neutrals natural pfd white white what's new on sale everyday basics value fashion closeouts favorites resources marketing marketing resources new! blog: the press catalogs custom catalogs custom flyers custom websites ecatalogs events flyerbuilder generic catalogs image library my virtual designs price lists spec sheets showroom signs technology resources video library technology resources data library electronic integration printing tips tech solutions my account sign up for s&amps account manage account manage shipping addresses order history track orders account statement pay invoices help center customer service contact us forgot password faq returns download forms california proposition 65 cpsia product safety ansi/isea information country of origin about us company overview shipping coverage press room careers privacy policy terms of use terms and conditions site map resources marketing marketing resources new! flyerbuilder catalogs custom catalogs custom flyers custom websites ecatalogs events generic catalogs image library my virtual designs price lists spec sheets showroom signs technology resources video library my account sign up for s&amps account manage account manage shipping addresses order history track orders account statement pay invoices electronic integration data library help center customer service contact us forgot password faq returns download forms california proposition 65 cpsia product safety ansi/isea information country of origin printing tips about us company overview shipping coverage press room careers privacy policy terms of use terms and conditions site map s&s activewear website privacy policy acceptance of terms. welcome to www.ssactivewear.com (the “site”), a web site operated on behalf of s&s activewear llc (“s&s”, “us” and “our”). your privacy is important to us. it is our policy to protect your personal information (as defined below) and to use it only in accordance with this privacy policy. using our site is voluntary, and by using the site, you consent to our collection and use of your identifying and non-identifying information as described in this privacy policy. this privacy policy only governs our use and disclosure of information collected through this site. information we collect from you. we automatically collect information about your internet connection, including but not limited to: the name of the internet domain you used to access the internet; the ip address of the web site from which you linked directly to our site; the connection speed/screen resolution/browser used; the date and time you accessed our site; and the pages you visited. this information (“non-personal information”) does not identify you personally. we use this non-personal information to monitor the effectiveness of the site and to consider potential improvements to the site. we may request that you provide certain personally identifiable information or information specific to your business (“personal information”) to view certain areas of the site and/or purchase products from the site. we request that you provide (1) contact information, including but not limited to your name, address, e-mail address and phone number and (2) certain credit card information when making a purchase on the site. your credit card information is encrypted and provided to the credit card issuer for verification and approval. we do not retain any credit card information at your option, you may download a credit application, fill it out and submit through the site. we do not collect any personal information about you when you visit the site unless you give us that information. you may view the products on the site without registering or providing any personal information. you may choose not to provide personal information via the site by not purchasing any products available on the site. use of your personal information. we use your personal information to administer your participation in the site and to communicate information we think may be of interest to you. sharing your information. we may use third party service providers and suppliers to facilitate the site and the services we provide, and they may have access to personal information. in addition, we may buy or sell business assets or be acquired by or acquire other corporations. in such transactions, personal information generally is one of the transferred business assets. in addition, in the event we merge or consolidate with another institution, personal information may be transferred to the successor entity. we may also disclose personal information to other affiliated institutions and/or if we are required to do so by law. use of cookies. the use of cookies enables us to enhance your visits to the site. cookies are alphanumeric identifiers that are transferred to your computer's hard drive through your web browser. the help portion of the toolbar on most browsers will tell you how to prevent your browser from accepting new cookies, but this may limit your ability to use some features of the site. cookies enable us to recognize your browser and provide features that are tailored to your needs. cookies must be enabled in order for you to log onto the site. we use them to keep track of your user name and password, but this feature is optional and you may elect not to have your user name and password recognized. we may use information from cookies for purposes of planning and tracking, as well as assessing the technical function of the site. we may also use cookies to track information about which pages you visit within the site to help us gauge the effectiveness of the site or our content. linked sites. we may provide links on the site to other sites of interest. we do not review or endorse the content of these sites or guarantee that they will abide by this privacy policy. your use of such linked sites is subject to the privacy policies of the providers of those sites. we encourage our users to be aware when they leave our site and to read the privacy statements of each site that collects personal information. security measures. we work hard to protect the security of your information. our registration pages of our site use secure socket layer (“ssl”) technology, the current standard for secure transactions over the internet. while we strive to protect your information by using ssl and through measures to protect our system, such security cannot be guaranteed. consequently, we do not insure or warrant the security of information you transmit, and you do so at your own risk. passwords are encrypted and cannot be looked up by anyone. children and parents. we do not offer or provide products and services for children. if you are under 18, you may not use our site. we do not intend to collect personal information from children. if your child has submitted personal information and you would like to request that such information be removed, you may contact us via one of the contact methods described on the site and we will promptly remove such information and shall not use such information or include it in our database. users under the age of 18 and their parents or guardians are advised that any personal information voluntarily entered by children may be available for public access until we become aware that a user is under the age of 18 and have had a reasonable opportunity to remove the information from the site. reviewing information. you may review your personal information stored in your profile by logging into the site. you may change your email address or the designated contact person but if you wish to make a change to your company name or address, you will need to contact our customer service department at 630-679-9940. you may contact us via one of the contact methods described in the terms and conditions if you wish to discuss any issues regarding your personal information. changes. we may change this privacy policy from time-to-time. if we do make a change, we will post the revised privacy policy on this site. we encourage you to review this privacy policy periodically. questions, comments or complaints about our privacy policies should be submitted to us via the methods described in the terms and conditions. marketing marketing resources new! blog: the press catalogs custom catalogs custom flyers custom websites ecatalogs events flyerbuilder image library price lists my account sign up for s&amps account manage account manage shipping addresses order history track orders account statement electronic integration data library help center customer service contact us forgot password faq returns download forms california proposition 65 cpsia product safety country of origin about us company overview shipping coverage press room careers privacy policy terms of use terms and conditions site map ©2017 s&s activewear | home | privacy policy | terms of use | site map | contact us | faq desktop view | switch to mobile