来源URL: https://web.archive.org/web/20101231225054/http://www.drjays.com/content/customerservice/careers.html
================================================================================

drjays.com - customer service - careers drjays.com drjays.com my account wish list gift cards customer servicelogin shopping bag (0) $0.00 us dollar - usd canada dollars - cad uk pounds - gbp eu euros - eur australia dollars - aud switzerland francs - chf sweden kronor - sek denmark kroner- dkk norway kroner - nok poland zlotys - pln japan yen - jpy south korea won - krw new zealand dollars - nzd shop men shop women shop boys shop girls shop fragrances customer service international orders australia austria canada caribbean denmark finland france germany ireland italy japan netherlands new zealand norway poland portugal south korea spain sweden switzerland united kingdom contact us payment options & tax gift cards faq pricing privacy policy returns secure shopping shipping size charts men women boys girls walk-in stores affiliate program trademarks wholesale careers career opportunities with drjays.com looking to get into the game? drjays.com is searching for bright minds to add to our already stacked team. we are a rapidly growing, “top 300,” internet retailer specializing in the sale of branded apparel, footwear, and accessories to world’s youth. brands carried include nike, adidas, ecko, timberland, akademiks, baby phat, and the north face, among many others. founded in 1999, the company is constantly expanding its offerings to better serve its growing customer base. if you think you have what it takes we’d love to hear from you today. current job openings are listed below. just click on the job for a complete description, qualifications, and instructions to submit your resume and cover letter. if you’re applying for a position in one of our retail stores please contact the stores directly by clicking here. new york office opportunities business development associate new jersey office opportunities shipping and receiving associate san diego office opportunities fit models fraud analyst senior software engineer software engineer junior software engineer configuration manger (systems administrator) software quality assurance engineer customer service representative new york office opportunities business development associate location: new york city type: full time start: immediate job description the business development associate will work directly with the business development manager to support the day-to-day operations of existing partner websites. the business development associate will be the primary interface between djnetworks and it’s contracted partner websites. additionally, the business development associate will help identify, qualify, and negotiate additional partnerships. the ideal candidate is equally comfortable performing quantitative analysis, producing qualitative presentations, and communicating both to existing and potential partners, in addition to management. furthermore, the ideal candidate has a strong conviction that the internet is a powerful medium for commerce, brand building, and direct customer interaction. duties and responsibilities include: developing and strengthening day-to-day relationships with partners monitoring and tracking website performance and marketing campaigns producing periodic website and marketing performance reports producing and updating new prospect sales presentations facilitating website maintenance and updates by working closely with designers identifying and evaluating new online marketing and e-commerce technologies performing research on the online retailing industry to identify trends qualifications and skills required bachelors degree and at least 3 years relevant e-commerce experience proficiency in excel modeling and graphing techniques proficiency with powerpoint or other presentation creation software knowledge and genuine interest in web 2.0, social networking, mobile computing, and e-commerce technologies and trends familiar with major online marketing and lead generation channels (i.e. seo, adwords, ad networks, affiliate networks) familiar with basic concepts of usability design and user experience optimization comfortable working individually and in close cooperation with colleagues comfortable presenting to, and negotiating with, partners and third-party vendors familiar with the mac operating system to submit your cover letter and resume for the business development associate position please click here. back to top san diego office opportunities fit models location: san diego, ca type: part-time start: immediate job description drjays.com's photography department regularly conducts casting calls for fit models, lifestyle images and photography shoots. open call model castings every wednesday from 1pm-3pm at our san diego studio located at 8090 arjons drive, san diego ca 92126. interested candidates should email their photos, along with sizes and measurements (height, shirt size, pant size, waist and shoe size) to modelsearch@drjays.com. back to top sr. software engineer location: san diego, ca type: full time start: immediate the job primary responsibility to lead the design and implementation of erp application esrp to service oriented architecture. esrp is a large internally developed web based application that runs our business from end to end (purchasing, receiving, order management, fulfillment, data warehousing, etc.). web-based application development. heavy mod_perl usage. the environment lamp heavy use of open source software solve interesting challenges daily small technology department (~10 people) flexible hours results oriented you a can-do, pragmatic approach to software development strong analytical and conceptualization skills attention to detail, edge cases effective communication skills extensive knowledge of perl, mod_perl, and mysql on a linux platform thorough understanding of object-oriented programming practices hands on experience with service oriented architecture a plus a desire and an ability to learn college degree or equivalent experience fashion sense not required interested and qualified candidates should email their cover letter and resume to it_careers@drjays.com. back to top software engineer location: san diego, ca type: full time start: immediate the job primary responsibility to implement and maintain features of erp application esrp. esrp is a large internally developed web based application that runs our business from end to end (purchasing, receiving, order management, fulfillment, data warehousing, etc.). web-based application development. heavy mod_perl usage. the environment lamp heavy use of open source software solve interesting challenges daily small technology department (~10 people) flexible hours results oriented you a can-do, pragmatic approach to software development strong analytical and conceptualization skills attention to detail, edge cases effective communication skills understanding of object-oriented programming practices a desire and an ability to learn college degree or equivalent experience fashion sense not required interested and qualified candidates should email their cover letter and resume to it_careers@drjays.com. back to top jr. software engineer location: san diego, ca type: full time start: immediate the job primary responsiblilties include learning quickly, furthering your skill set, and contributing to our technology efforts. you strong candidates will be able to show their ability to think and their desire to learn. experience with opensource projects, object oriented programming, linux, mysql, and/or perl a plus. interested and qualified candidates should email their cover letter and resume to it_careers@drjays.com. back to top configuration manager (systems administration) location: san diego, ca type: full time start: immediate the job systems administrator primarily focused on configuration management. responsible for development and production systems that run e-commerce site, esrp and related software. esrp is a large internally developed web based application that runs our business from end to end (purchasing, receiving, order management, fulfillment, data warehousing, etc.). great opportunity for career growth. the environment linux based open source environment small technology department (~10 people) flexible hours results oriented you a can-do, pragmatic approach to problem solving extraordinary attention to detail effective communication skills experience with linux (centos), apache, mysql, perl familiarity with virtualization (xen preferred) working knowledge of version control (cvs), proxy servers (squid), rpm a desire and an ability to learn college degree or equivalent experience fashion sense not required interested and qualified candidates should email their cover letter and resume to it_careers@drjays.com. back to top software quality assurance engineer location: san diego, ca type: full time start: immediate the job primary responsibilities include testing modifications to erp application esrp, developing and executing test plans, and submitting defect tickets. esrp is a large internally developed web based application that runs our business from end to end (purchasing, receiving, order management, fulfillment, data warehousing, etc.). the environment lamp small technology department (~10 people) flexible hours results oriented you excellent communication skills strong attention to detail familiarity with multiple operating systems experience with web-based technologies a plus a desire and an ability to learn college degree or equivalent experience fashion sense not required interested and qualified candidates should email their cover letter and resume to it_careers@drjays.com. back to top fraud analyst location: san diego, ca type: full time start: immediate job qualifications customer service, typing, and analytical skills are needed. internet research experience and a flexible schedule are also required. experience processing credit card payments is a plus. must be able to solve complex problems and make quick, sound decisions under pressure. job description duties will include but are not limited to the following: customer service, data entry, order processing, fraud prevention, identifying potential fraudulent accounts and making judgmental decisions, analyzing credit card transaction data, and contacting merchant banks for billing verification. management of the workload requires teamwork, multi-tasking, and attention to detail. interested and qualified candidates should email their cover letter and resume titled "yourlastname.doc" in word format to security@drjays.com. back to top customer service representative location: san diego, ca type: full time/part time start: immediate job qualifications superior verbal and written communication skills, internet experience, a desire to learn about e-commerce, and a passion for providing the highest level of customer service are required.  typing skills, experience with credit card research and processing, and experience handling escalated customers a plus. job description duties will include providing inbound customer service (answering phone calls, emails, and chat messages), data entry, order processing, and fraud prevention.  the position is part customer service, part retail sales, and part administration.  we offer a fun and casual work environment where keeping the customers happy is our first priority.  strong opportunities for career growth in a fast-paced environment.  hourly starting wage information available upon request.  benefits available with promotion to supervisor. interested and qualified candidates should email their cover letter and resume titled "yourlastname.doc" in word format to csjobs@drjays.com. back to top new jersey office opportunities shipping and receiving associate location: monroe township, nj type: full time/part time start: immediate job qualifications motivation, organization, reliability, and attention to detail are required in our fast-paced warehouse environment.  previous warehouse experience a plus but not required.  must possess the desire to learn quickly and put in a solid day’s work.  opportunities for rapid advancement and career growth to the successful employee job description duties include picking, packing and shipping of customer orders, receipt of new product inventory, returns processing, inventory counts, and related project-based tasks. interested and qualified candidates should email their cover letter and resume titled "yourlastname.doc" in word format to wh_careers@drjays.com. back to top subscribe to our newsletter affiliate program | careers | dr jays stores | search | international orders | my account | customer service | contact us