来源URL: https://web.archive.org/web/20121226194455/http://www.drjays.com/content/customerservice/international/index.html
================================================================================

drjays.com - customer service - international drjays.com my account | login customer service international wish list gift cards shopping bag (0) $0.00 usd - us dollars aud - australia dollars cad - canada dollars chf - switzerland francs czk - czech korunas dkk - denmark kroner eur - eu euros gbp - uk pounds hkd - hong kong dollars huf - hungary forints inr - india rupees jpy - japan yen krw - south korea won ltl - lithuania litas lvl - latvia lats nok - norway kroner nzd - new zealand dollars pln - poland zlotys sek - sweden kronor sgd - singapore dollars shop men departments sneakers hoodies jackets t-shirts hats jeans all departments top 5 brands nike adidas lrg new era coogi all brands a-z specialty shops big & tall skate shop body care cologne what's new sale outlet (over 60% off!) shop women departments dresses tops boots sneakers jackets jeans handbags all departments top 5 brands nike apple bottoms coogi baby phat adidas all brands a-z specialty shops plus size home & health beauty fragrances what's new sale outlet (over 60% off!) shop boys departments footwear accessories all departments all brands shop boys by size sizes 8-20 - big kids sizes 4-7x - kids sizes 2t-4t - toddler infant & newborn specialty shops what's new sale outlet (over 60% off!) shop girls departments footwear accessories all departments all brands shop girls by size sizes 7-16 - big kids sizes 4-6x - kids sizes 2t-4t - toddler infant & newborn specialty shops what's new sale outlet (over 60% off!) shop sale holiday shipping guide customer service international orders contact us payment options & tax gift cards faq pricing privacy policy returns secure shopping shipping size charts men women boys girls walk-in stores affiliate program trademarks wholesale careers newsletter promotional exclusions international orders how it works  shipping rates  shipping options  delivery times  duties & taxes  returns  payment options  restrictions countries we ship to australia finland luxembourg singapore austria france malaysia slovakia bahamas germany martinique slovenia belgium hong kong monaco south africa bermuda hungary netherlands south korea brazil india netherlands antilles spain b.v.i. indonesia new zealand st. kitts & nevis canada ireland norway sweden cayman islands italy philippines switzerland czech republic jamaica poland thailand denmark japan portugal turks & caicos dominican republic latvia russia united kingdom estonia lithuania vatican city back to top how it works simply shop the website and add the items you like to your shopping bag. you can view prices in foreign currencies by choosing one of many currencies under the change currency menu on the upper right corner of any page. when you are ready to place your order click the shopping bag link on the top right of any page. on the shopping bag page either log in, if you've previously purchased from us, or click new customer checkout and follow the prompts. you will have the opportunity to select your country of destination and preferred payment option during checkout. back to top shipping rates drjays.com has partnered with several shipping companies to provide you with fast and reliable delivery options. your shipping rate will depend on three variables 1) the shipping option you choose, 2) the country you ship to and 3) the total weight of your order. to receive accurate shipping rates for your order we encourage you to start the checkout process and provide us with your shipping address. once you have selected your desired shipping option, we will calculate your order total. if you select i-parcel ddp (delivered duties paid), we will also calculate any applicable import duties and taxes during checkout and collect them on behalf of your government (you will owe nothing when your order is delivered). if, however, you select the fedex or usps shipping method you will be responsible for paying taxes and duties to your government at the time of delivery. if you have any questions please contact us. back to top shipping options the delivery times provided below are estimates, not guaranteed. all international shipments must pass through your country's customs department, and this may result in a delay beyond our control. iparcel ddp (delivery duties paid) — affordable and convenient. all fees, including duties and taxes, are calculated and added to your order total during checkout. when your package arrives, all you have to do is take delivery of the package, with no additional payment due. fedex ddu (delivery duties unpaid) — fast and reliable. please be prepared to pay for duty and tax, if applicable, at the time your package is delivered. united states postal service (usps) ddu (delivery duties unpaid) — delivered by your local mail carrier. please be prepared to pay for duty and tax, if applicable, at the time your package is delivered. please note that all shipping options, shown below, are not offered to every country. if a delivery time estimate is not listed for a specific shipping option to your country, we do not yet offer that shipping option to your country. you will be presented with the shipping options available to your country during checkout. back to top delivery times · orders must be placed by 12 pm eastern standard time · estimates below quoted in business days (monday - friday, excluding holidays) zone countries fedex i-parcel usps north america canada 2-4 4-15 8-12 south america brazil — 6-14 — caribbean bahamas, bermuda, british virgin islands, caymans, dominican republic, jamaica, martinique, netherlands antilles, st. kitts & nevis, turks & caicos 3-5 — 8-12 europe austria, belgium*, czech republic*, denmark, france, germany, hungary*, ireland, italy, luxembourg*, monaco*, netherlands, poland, slovakia*, slovenia*, united kingdom, vatican city**usps shipping option not available 3-5 6-8 8-12 portugal 3-5 9-19 8-12 spain 3-5 7-11 8-12 switzerland 3-5 3-5 — russia** — 14-28 — northern europe finland, norway, sweden 3-5 — 8-12 baltic states estonia, latvia, lithuania 3-5 8-10 — oceania australia and new zealand 3-5 9-11 8-12 asia hong kong 3-5 5-7 — india 3-5 6-14 — indonesia — 9-19 — malaysia — 7-12 — japan 3-5 — 8-12 philippines — 8-14 — singapore 3-5 6-7 — south korea 3-5 6-8 — thailand — 9-14 — africa south africa — 8-12 — **special note for russian customers: based on today's laws and regulation no russian import duties or taxes will be collected during checkout or upon delivery of this order as long as you abide by russian law. the law states that russian customers may order up to eu1000.00 worth or 31 kgs of products per month without paying russian import duties or taxes if the product is not for resale and is delivered by the russian post. drjays.com has partnered with iparcel, a company that will work exclusively with the russian post to deliver your order. transit time is up to 4 weeks. back to top duties & taxes duty, customs tariffs and vat are set by the local government and determined based on a combination of the country of origin or manufacturing of the goods being purchased, and the classification of that merchandise in accordance with a harmonized system adopted and used by the local government. the amount of applicable duty, tariffs and taxes will vary based on the product ordered and the specific rates set by the local government. if you select i-parcel ddp (delivered duties paid) we will collect, on behalf of the local government, and guarantee the amount of any applicable import duties and taxes during checkout (you will owe nothing when your order is delivered). if, however, you select the fedex or usps shipping method you will be responsible for paying taxes and duties to the local government at the time of delivery. if you have any questions please contact us. back to top returns if, for any reason, you are not satisfied with any part of your purchase you can return it to us for a refund. at this time we do not refund return shipping fees to the united states or offer exchanges on international orders. we will accept returns for up to 30 days from the date merchandise is delivered. items returned must be sent back new and unworn, with store tags attached. sorry, but we're unable to take back personal items such as underwear, swimwear, make-up and body jewelry. when returning shoes, place inside of the manufacturer's shoebox, and then inside of a separate shipping box. please do not write on the manufacturer's shoebox, tape it closed, or use it as a shipping box. footwear returns will not be accepted unless both the shoes and shoebox are undamaged. to send an item back to us, please enclose the drjays.com invoice, which arrived with your package. you may use any shipper you like, but we recommend purchasing tracking and insurance, as drjays.com cannot be responsible for lost return shipments. mail your package to: drjays.com returns department 17 south middlesex avenue monroe township, nj 08831 once we receive your return package, please allow 1-2 weeks for processing. we will send you an email notification when your refund has been processed. your refund will be issued according to the payment method you selected for the original order. drjays.com can refund you only for the merchandise returned. we are unable to refund any duties, tariffs, taxes, or shipping fees that were paid at any point during the online checkout or delivery of your order. you may be entitled to a refund of duties, tariffs, or taxes from your local government upon return of the merchandise to us in the united states. if you need proof of return, or help locating the proper customs authority in your country, feel free to contact us. for assistance. if you should refuse delivery on your drjays.com order, if you refuse to pay your duties, tariffs or taxes, or if your package is deemed undeliverable for any reason, it will be returned to us in the united states. in such a case, you will be responsible for all fees and costs associated with the return package. back to top payment options we accept a few different payment options from international customers, including credit cards, paypal, bank transfers and money orders. at this time, we process all credit card orders in us dollars, and bank transfer orders in either pounds sterling or euros. if you need to pay in another currency we recommend using paypal during checkout. the final amount charged by your financial institution may vary slightly from what is displayed due to variations in exchange rates at the time your order is processed. some banks and/or credit cards may charge additional conversions fees at their discretion. credit card and debit card: we accept visa, mastercard, american express, and discover cards. debit cards are also accepted as long as they have the visa or mastercard logos. paypal: we accept paypal payments as long as you use ship your order to the address confirmed by paypal. sorry, but we do not accept paypal e-checks. bank transfers:at this time, we only accept bank transfers from uk and euro zone shoppers. shoppers paying by bank transfer must include their order number in the reference section. both numbers and the appropriate bank account number will be provided when you choose the bank transfer payment option during checkout. money order: we accept money order payments by mail as long as your money order is denominated in us dollars. customers paying by money order must include their customer number and order number in the reference section. both numbers and our mailing address will be provided when you choose the money order payment option during checkout. back to top restrictions due to various distribution and transportation restrictions we are unable to ship the following items to international customers: all lacoste, levis, nike, supra, the north face, and timberland product, and all fragrances. please refer to the product page of the items that interest you for any additional restrictions. to guarantee timely customs clearance, drjays.com reserves the right to restrict or delay the processing of any international order exceeding $1,000 usd. if you place an order greater than $1,000 usd, a customer service representative may contact you to determine which items you would like to cancel from your order. back to top men's clothing men's sneakers, boots & shoes men's t shirts men's jeans men's snapbacks & fitted hats men's shorts men's button-down shirts men's hoodies men's jackets men's outerwear men's polos men's shops men's big & tall clothing men's hip hop clothing skate shop clothing men's outlet clothing men's brands men's basic essentials clothing nike men's clothing & shoes lrg men's clothing & hoodies coogi jeans & clothing men's buyers picks clothes new era hats, caps & snapbacks rocawear clothes & jeans adidas men's clothing & shoes southpole men's clothing & jeans enyce men's clothing & shirts the north face men's clothing & jackets akademiks men's clothes & jeans timberland men's boots & shoes mitchell & ness men's clothing women's clothing women's dresses women's jeans women's sneakers women's outerwear women's boots women's t shirts women's bags women's jumpsuits women's high heels women's hoodies women's shops women's plus size clothing women's hip hop clothing women's outlet clothing women's brands apple bottoms women's clothing & jeans women's fashion lab clothes baby phat women's clothing & shoes coogi women's clothing & purses rocawear women's clothes & jeans southpole women's clothing & jeans nike women's clothing & shoes ecko red women's clothing & tops women's basic essentials clothing the north face women's clothing & fleece kids clothing kids clothing for boys kids clothing for girls baby clothing for boys baby clothing for girls information my account customer service contact us international orders dr. jays stores careers at drjays.com affiliate program drjays.com live blog shop djpremium sale men's clothing on sale women's clothing on sale boys clothing on sale girls clothing on sale products by name category price brand categories by brand name popularity choice picks topsellers by name popularity brand price popular categories mens leather jackets mens skinny jeans mens cargo pants mens sneakers online mens button down shirt mens sweater vest toddler outerwear women denim jeans women sandals women tee shirts women casual clothes mens outdoor footwear women jean pants baseball caps cable knit leggings women fashion clothing subscribe to our newsletter