来源URL: https://web.archive.org/web/20131231012937/http://www.drjays.com/content/customerservice/faq.html
================================================================================

drjays.com - customer service - faq drjays.com my account  |  login customer service international wish list bag (0) $0.00 usd - us dollars aud - australia dollars cad - canada dollars chf - switzerland francs czk - czech korunas dkk - denmark kroner eur - eu euros gbp - uk pounds hkd - hong kong dollars huf - hungary forints inr - india rupees jpy - japan yen krw - south korea won ltl - lithuania litas lvl - latvia lats nok - norway kroner nzd - new zealand dollars pln - poland zlotys sek - sweden kronor sgd - singapore dollars shop men departments sneakers boots hoodies outerwear jeans hats t-shirts socks all departments top brands adidas the north face new era reebok lrg timberland psyberia all brands a-z specialty shops big & tall yo! mtv raps performance shop skate shop cologne what's new sale outlet (over 60% off!) shop men shop women departments sneakers boots outerwear jeans sweaters tops dresses handbags all departments top brands adidas apple bottoms basic essentials fashion lab coogi xoxo puma all brands a-z specialty shops plus size home & health beauty fragrances lingerie what's new sale outlet (over 60% off!) shop women shop boys departments boots sneakers hoodies jeans outerwear sets backpacks accessories all departments all brands shop boys by size sizes 8-20 - big kids sizes 4-7x - kids sizes 2t-4t - toddler infant & newborn shop by what's new sale outlet (over 60% off!) shop boys departments boots sneakers jeans hoodies outerwear dresses accessories all departments all brands shop girls by size sizes 7-16 - big kids sizes 4-6x - kids sizes 2t-4t - toddler infant & newborn shop by what's new sale outlet (over 60% off!) shop sale shop specialty shops specialty shops yo! mtv raps performance shop skate shop shop lookbooks men black & gold military inspired women jewel tones animal prints shop djpremium.com follow drjays.com on pinterest follow drjays.com on instagram watch drjays.com on youtube like drjays.com on facebook follow us on twitter customer service international orders contact us payment options & tax gift cards faq pricing privacy policy returns secure shopping shipping size charts men women boys girls walk-in stores affiliate program trademarks wholesale careers newsletter promotional exclusions customer testimonials faq drjays stores 1. are the items sold here at the website the same as what's available at dr.jay's walk-in stores? 2. if i buy and item online, can i return it at one of the dr.jays’ walk-in stores? 3. is there a dr.jay's walk-in store in my area? order processing 4. i just placed an order. how long before it will be shipped? 5. i already placed an order with drjays.com. can i change something? 6. how do i cancel my drjays.com order? payment options 7. which payment options does drjays.com accept? 8. which credit cards and debit cards can i use? 9. does drjays.com accept checks? 10. what is paypal? 11. does drjays.com offer c.o.d.? 12. can i save the items in my shopping cart and buy them later? pricing 13. what is drjays.com's policy on price adjustments? 14. if i find a better price at another website, will drjays.com match it? privacy policy 15. what is your complete privacy policy? 16. why does drjays.com ask for my email address? will i get spam emails after i give it to you? promotions 17.how can i find out about drjays.com promotions? 18. i'm filling out the order form, and it's asking me for a promotion code, but i don't have one. what should i do? returns 19. what is your complete returns policy? 20. how can i do an exchange? 21. if i need to return an item, do i have to pay the postage? 22. are any items non-returnable? sales tax 23. will there be sales tax added to my order? secure shopping 24. is it safe to shop at the drjays.com website? shipping 25. does drjays.com ship to apo/fpo addresses? sizes and selection 26. are there more sizes available than what's shown on the website? 27. i'm looking for an item that's not on your website. can i special order it through drjays.com? 28. can i search for items that are available in my size? wholesale 29. can i buy wholesale or in bulk from drjays.com? drjays stores q: are the items sold here at the website the same as what's available at dr.jay's walk-in stores? a: drjays.com is owned and operated separately from the dr.jay's walk-in stores. while we carry many of the same brands and items as the stores, our selection and prices will not be exactly the same. q: if i buy an item online, can i return it at one of the dr.jays's walk-in stores? a: sorry, but if you place your order online, your merchandise must be mailed back to us for returns processing. you will not be able to take it to one of the walk-in stores in your area. q: is there a dr.jay's walk-in store in my area? a: click here to view store list. back to top order processing q: i just placed an order. how long before it will be shipped? a: generally speaking, if you order in the morning, we can ship your package later that day. if you order in the afternoon or evening, we won't be able to ship until the following day. there will be exceptions from time to time, but we do our best to ship all orders as quickly as possible. if your order is being billed and shipped to different addresses, we'll need 1-2 business days for processing before the order can be shipped. please keep this in mind when selecting your delivery time frame. we do not ship or deliver packages on saturday and sunday. weekend orders including friday afternoon and evening will be processed on monday. q: i already placed an order with drjays.com. can i change something? a: we ship all orders as quickly as possible, so we are not always able to make changes to an order after it is placed. however, you are welcome to call us at 888-4-drjays, and if we are able to assist you we will certainly do so. q: how do i cancel my drjays.com order? a: we ship all orders as quickly as possible, so we are not always able to cancel an order after it is placed. however, you are welcome to call us at 888-4-drjays, and if we are able to assist you we will certainly do so. back to top payment options q: which payment options does drjays.com accept? a: we accept credit cards, debit cards, money orders and paypal. if you're going to use a money order, you must call us at 888-4-drjays and place your order over the phone. q: which credit cards and debit cards can i use? a: drjays.com accepts the following credit cards: visa, mastercard, american express, and discover. debit cards are also accepted as long as they have a visa or mastercard logo. q: does drjays.com accept checks? a: we're sorry, but we do not accept personal checks. q: what is paypal? a: paypal is a free service which allows you to send money as easily as sending an email. if you'd like to learn more about paypal, or sign up for an account, please visit www.paypal.com to get started. or, if you already have a paypal account, you're ready to place an order using our online checkout. back to top q: does drjays.com offer c.o.d.? a: sorry, but c.o.d. is not a payment option with drjays.com. all orders must be paid in full before your package will be mailed out. q: can i save the items in my shopping cart and buy them later? a: sorry, but at drjays.com all items are sold on a first-come, first-served basis. this means that the items you have in your shopping cart today may not be available at a later date. the only way to reserve those items is to complete your order as soon as possible. back to top pricing q: what is drjays.com's policy on price adjustments? a: drjays.com will honor price adjustment requests if made within five business days of the date that you placed your order. if it has been five business days or more since the date that you placed your order, you are no longer eligible for a price adjustment. q: if i find a better price at another website, will drjays.com match it? a: we believe you'll find the best selection and the best prices here at drjays.com. but if you find a good deal you think we should know about, please contact our customer service department. we'll look into it and let you know. a price match must be requested before placing your order with us. we will not go back and price match after your order has been placed. back to top privacy policy q: what is your complete privacy policy? a: click here to view privacy policy. q: why does drjays.com ask for my email address? will i get spam emails after i give it to you? a: providing us with your email address means we can send you two very important emails: one is a copy of the order that you place with us, and the other is a notification that your package has been shipped. we may also use email if it is necessary to contact you regarding your order. we	will not send you spam emails, and we will not give your email address to anyone else. back to top promotions q: how can i find out about drjays.com promotions? a: we recommend that you sign up for our email mailing list. once you sign up, we'll email you on a regular basis with the latest drjays.com news, specials, and promotions. our service representatives cannot give out promotions over the phone. q: i'm filling out the order form, and it's asking me for a promotion code, but i don't have one. what should i do? a: if you don't have a promotion code, go ahead and leave that box blank. it won't affect your order in any way, so don't worry! back to top returns q: what is your complete returns policy? a: click here to view our returns policy. q: did drjays.com receive my return package yet? a: we will send you an email at the time your return package is processed. q: how can i do an exchange? a: all packages mailed to our returns department will be processed as refunds. if you need an exchange, we recommend that you mail back your item for a refund, then place a new order with us at any time. q: if i need to return an item, do i have to pay the postage? a: yes, if you mail an item back to us, you will be responsible for the return postage. we recommend that you add tracking and insurance for your own protection. q: are any items non–returnable? a: most of our items can be returned, including sale and clearance merchandise. however, personal items such as makeup, swimwear, and underwear cannot be returned. please note that items cannot be returned after 30 days. your return merchandise must be unwashed and unworn with the store tags still attached. back to top sales tax q: will there be sales tax added to my order? a: we are required by law to charge sales tax on orders shipped to new york, new jersey and california. if your order is being shipped to any other us state, to a us territory, or to an apo/fpo address, no sales tax will be added. back to top secure shopping q: is it safe to shop at the drjays.com website? a: yes, it is safe to make online purchases at drjays.com. click here to view secure shopping details. back to top shipping q: does drjays.com ship to apo/fpo addresses? a: yes, military customers are able to shop through the us customer checkout. apo/fpo packages are shipped via us postal service. standard delivery rates will apply. back to top sizes and selection q: are there more sizes available than what's shown on the website? a: sorry, but the sizes you see on the website are all that we have available. our customer service representatives do not have access to anything different than what you see online. q: i’m looking for an item that's not on your website. can i special order it through drjays.com? a: sorry, but drjays.com is not able to do special orders. what you see on the website is everything that we have available. q: can i search for items that are available in my size? a: yes, our search tool lets you search by size, brand name, color, or any combination of these. click here to do an advanced search. back to top wholesale q: can i buy wholesale or in bulk from drjays.com? a: sorry, but drjays.com is a retail store, so we do not sell wholesale. you are welcome to place a large order with us, but you will pay the prices that you see on the website. please visit our sale areas of the website for items that are already marked down. back to top men's clothing men's sneakers, boots & shoes men's t-shirts men's jeans men's snapbacks & fitted hats men's shorts men's button-down shirts men's hoodies men's jackets men's outerwear men's polos men's shops men's big & tall clothing men's hip hop clothing skate shop clothing men's outlet clothing men's brands men's basic essentials clothing nike men's clothing & shoes lrg men's clothing & hoodies coogi jeans & clothing men's buyers picks clothes new era hats, caps & snapbacks rocawear clothes & jeans adidas men's clothing & shoes southpole men's clothing & jeans enyce men's clothing & shirts the north face men's clothing & jackets akademiks men's clothes & jeans timberland men's boots & shoes mitchell & ness men's clothing sale women's clothing women's dresses women's jeans women's sneakers women's outerwear women's boots women's t shirts women's bags women's jumpsuits women's high heels women's hoodies women's shops women's plus size clothing women's hip hop clothing women's outlet clothing women's brands apple bottoms women's clothing & jeans women's fashion lab clothes baby phat women's clothing & shoes coogi women's clothing & purses rocawear women's clothes & jeans southpole women's clothing & jeans nike women's clothing & shoes ecko red women's clothing & tops women's basic essentials clothing the north face women's clothing & fleece kids clothing kids clothing for boys kids clothing for girls baby clothing for boys baby clothing for girls help contact us shipping rates returns track my order international orders f.a.q. buy a gift card privacy policy company careers at drjays.com dr. jays stores affiliate program drjays.com live blog shop djpremium products by name category price brand categories by brand name popularity choice picks topsellers by name popularity brand price popular categories mens leather jackets mens skinny jeans mens cargo pants mens sneakers online mens button down shirt mens sweater vest toddler outerwear women denim jeans women sandals women tee shirts women casual clothes mens outdoor footwear women jean pants baseball caps cable knit leggings women fashion clothing subscribe to our newsletter