来源URL: https://web.archive.org/web/20161229140910/http://www.drjays.com/content/customerservice/privacy_policy.html
================================================================================

drjays.com - customer service - privacy :: // drjays.com my account sign in help international wish list gift cards (0) $0.00 usd aud cad chf czk dkk eur gbp hkd huf inr jpy krw ltl lvl nok nzd pln sek sgd men shop by: departments: view all new sale outlet brands: a-z new sale outlet shop by model skate shop departments: athleisure backpacks big & tall boots button downs denim hats hoodies jackets & coats jeans joggers light jackets shorts sneakers socks sunglasses sweatpants sweatshirts t-shirts watches view all top brands: '47 adidas basic essentials black pyramid born fly buyers picks converse crooks & castles diamond supply hudson nyc lrg mitchell & ness pink dolphin puma radii reebok rocawear the north face the hundreds timberland under armour view all featured shops: gift guide stylist selects athleisure snow gear bomber jackets dad hats spring lookbook the camper big & tall departments: button-downs hoodies jeans light jackets pants polos sets shorts sweatpants sweatshirts t-shirts track jackets view all featured brands: akademiks basic essentials buyers picks ecko eight 732 enyce lrg nba, mlb, nfl parish rocawear sean john the north face winchester new arrivals: women shop by: departments: view all new sale outlet brands: a-z new sale outlet departments: accessories athleisure backpacks boots dresses heels hoodies intimates jeans jewelry joggers jackets & coats leggings skirts sneakers sunglasses sweaters tops view all top brands: adidas aphrodite jeans bebe boom boom jeans basic essentials cotton express converse diamond supply fashion lab freestyle madden girl madden girl new balance puma reebok rocawear soho babe the north face timberland under armour view all featured shops: gift guide dad hats athleisure spring lookbook artist alus' top looks plus size departments: dresses hoodies intimates jeans light jackets pants sweatpants tees tops view all featured brands: apple bottoms baby phat basic essentials fashion lab rocawear she's cool shinestar steve madden new arrivals: boys shop by: departments: view all new sale outlet brands: a-z new sale outlet shop boys by size: sizes 8-20 - big kids sizes 4-7x - kids sizes 2t-4t - toddler infant & newborn shop boys departments: accessories backpacks footwear hoodies jeans light jackets sets sneakers tees view all top brands: adidas akademiks arcade styles converse enyce lrg nba, mlb, nfl new balance parish puma reebok supra the north face timberland trukfit view all featured shops: gift guide new arrivals: girls shop by: departments: view all new sale outlet brands: a-z new sale outlet shop girls by size: sizes 7-16 - big kids sizes 4-6x - kids sizes 2t-4t - toddler infant & newborn shop girls departments: accessories backpacks dresses footwear hoodies jeans light jackets sneakers tops & tees view all top brands: adidas apple bottoms baby phat converse coogi dollhouse enyce la galleria new balance puma supra the north face timberland view all featured shops: gift guide new arrivals: sale sale by brand sale by department sale footwear sale jeans sale shorts sale t-shirts sale by brand sale by department sale dresses sale footwear sale jeans sale shorts sale by brand sale by department sale backpacks sale footwear sale sets sale t-shirts sale by brand sale by department sale backpacks sale dresses sale footwear sale sets lookbooks men women premium holiday holiday shops: men's gift guide women's gift guide kids gift guide stocking stuffers: bags gloves hats socks sunglasses watches shipping guides: holiday shipping e-gift cards create a wish list find a wish list customer service home international orders contact us payment options & tax gift cards faq pricing privacy policy returns secure shopping shipping holiday shipping size charts walk-in stores affiliate program trademarks wholesale careers newsletter promos & coupons privacy policy collecting information cookies special policies for children 13 and under links security accepting terms contact us it is important for you to understand that we use third party contractors to help us operate our business, such as operating the server for the site, performing delivery and shipping services, and sending postal mail and email, and may share your information with these contractors for those limited purposes. we generally require that contractors do not disclose personally identifiable information or use it other than as necessary to perform services for us. because we care about your privacy, we will not give your personally identifiable information to third parties, such as marketers or retailers, for them to use to contact you about offers or promotions of their own (other than, of course, in connection with the sale of our business), unless you allow us to. if you would like us to share your personally identifiable information with third parties so that you may receive these special offers and promotions, indicate that we may do so at the point where you give us such personally identifiable information. please note that changes to your preferences may not be effective immediately. in the event that all of our business assets are transferred to or acquired by another company, customer information will be one of the transferred assets. we will divulge your personal information to law enforcement officials if required to do so by law. how we collect information we will collect personally identifiable information from you when you actively give us the information. examples of this may include when you order products, register for gifts, fill out online site registration forms, enter contests or sweepstakes, request that we send you information, newsletters or catalogs, participate in community features, or respond to our surveys or other requests for visitor responses. like many other commercial web sites, we collect non-personally identifiable information from you by "passive" means, in other words by tracking your use of the site, often through the use of cookies. that information includes, among other things, the type of computer operating system and net browser that are being used and the domain name of your internet service provider, as well as some of the information described below. we use this information for internal purposes and to help us interact with visitors to the site. we may also share this information in the aggregate form with third parties to illustrate trends and patterns. back to top cookies a cookie is a small data file that is placed on your computer's hard drive that may contain information (such as a unique user id) that a web site may use to track certain things. we use cookies in order to improve your shopping experience. the cookie helps us track the pages of the site that you visit, tells us whether you have been to the site before and tells us which web site you visited immediately before visiting the site, but does not tell us about your use of any other web sites. sometimes advertisers and other third parties on the site may also use cookies. you can keep us from using cookies by turning them off in your browser. however, if you turn off your cookies then you will not be enabled to make purchases from the site or to access your account information. back to top special policies for children identifying themselves as under age 13 this site is not intended for use by children. we will not knowingly collect any personally identifiable information submitted by visitors to the site who are under the age of 13. back to top links the site contains links to other sites, including, among others, those of advertisers, other third parties and companies whose trademarks may appear on the site. sometimes promotions, contests or sweepstakes advertised on the site might be sponsored by third parties. the other sites and third parties maintain their own privacy policies that may be different from ours. visitors using such links or pursuing or entering such contests or sweepstakes should consult the privacy notices associated with those links, promotions, contests or sweepstakes. we do not control this collection of information and are not responsible or liable for the privacy policies maintained or actions taken by third parties with regard to your information. our privacy policy does not extend to anything that is inherent in the operation of the internet, and therefore beyond our control. please keep in mind that whenever you give out personal information online-for example, via message boards or chat rooms-that information can be collected, intercepted and used by people you do not know. you should use such community functions at your own risk. back to top security protecting your order information is important to us. we use the industry standard secure sockets layer (ssl) technology to protect the security of your online order information. ssl encryption is a method by which information is encrypted while being transmitted over the internet. to check the security of your connection, look at the lower left-hand corner of your browser window after accessing the server. if you see an unbroken key or a closed lock (depending on your browser), then ssl is active. you can also double-check by looking at the url line of your browser. when accessing a secure server, the first characters of the site address should change from "http" to "https." some versions of browsers and some firewalls don't permit communication through secure servers. in that case, you won't be able to connect to the server and therefore won't be able to place an order through an insecure connection. while no method is completely impenetrable, our ssl is verified by thawte who is the industry security leader. unfortunately, no data transmission over the internet can be guaranteed to be 100% secure. as a result, while we are committed to protecting your personally identifiable information, we along with our third party provider(s) cannot ensure or warrant the security of any information you transmit to us. back to top your acceptance of these terms by using the site, you indicate your agreement with the terms and conditions of this privacy policy. if you do not agree with this privacy policy, then do not use the site. we reserve the right to change the terms of this privacy policy. your continued use of the site following any changes to this privacy policy will be deemed to constitute your acceptance of such changes. please check this page regularly for any changes. back to top contact us please contact us with any questions or comments regarding our privacy policy. you can call us at 1-888-4-drjays or email us at [email protected]. back to top sign up for news and exclusive offers my account view sign in track my order wish list gift cards customer service help international shipping returns & exchanges my orders privacy policy faq about drjays walk-in stores affiliate program careers contact us drjays live connect instagram facebook twitter pinterest youtube google+ tumblr shipping to over 70+ countries view all