来源URL: https://web.archive.org/web/20161229140910/http://www.drjays.com/content/customerservice/international/index.html
================================================================================

drjays.com - customer service - international :: // drjays.com my account sign in help international wish list gift cards (0) $0.00 usd aud cad chf czk dkk eur gbp hkd huf inr jpy krw ltl lvl nok nzd pln sek sgd men shop by: departments: view all new sale outlet brands: a-z new sale outlet shop by model skate shop departments: athleisure backpacks big & tall boots button downs denim hats hoodies jackets & coats jeans joggers light jackets shorts sneakers socks sunglasses sweatpants sweatshirts t-shirts watches view all top brands: '47 adidas basic essentials black pyramid born fly buyers picks converse crooks & castles diamond supply hudson nyc lrg mitchell & ness pink dolphin puma radii reebok rocawear the north face the hundreds timberland under armour view all featured shops: gift guide stylist selects athleisure snow gear bomber jackets dad hats spring lookbook the camper big & tall departments: button-downs hoodies jeans light jackets pants polos sets shorts sweatpants sweatshirts t-shirts track jackets view all featured brands: akademiks basic essentials buyers picks ecko eight 732 enyce lrg nba, mlb, nfl parish rocawear sean john the north face winchester new arrivals: women shop by: departments: view all new sale outlet brands: a-z new sale outlet departments: accessories athleisure backpacks boots dresses heels hoodies intimates jeans jewelry joggers jackets & coats leggings skirts sneakers sunglasses sweaters tops view all top brands: adidas aphrodite jeans bebe boom boom jeans basic essentials cotton express converse diamond supply fashion lab freestyle madden girl madden girl new balance puma reebok rocawear soho babe the north face timberland under armour view all featured shops: gift guide dad hats athleisure spring lookbook artist alus' top looks plus size departments: dresses hoodies intimates jeans light jackets pants sweatpants tees tops view all featured brands: apple bottoms baby phat basic essentials fashion lab rocawear she's cool shinestar steve madden new arrivals: boys shop by: departments: view all new sale outlet brands: a-z new sale outlet shop boys by size: sizes 8-20 - big kids sizes 4-7x - kids sizes 2t-4t - toddler infant & newborn shop boys departments: accessories backpacks footwear hoodies jeans light jackets sets sneakers tees view all top brands: adidas akademiks arcade styles converse enyce lrg nba, mlb, nfl new balance parish puma reebok supra the north face timberland trukfit view all featured shops: gift guide new arrivals: girls shop by: departments: view all new sale outlet brands: a-z new sale outlet shop girls by size: sizes 7-16 - big kids sizes 4-6x - kids sizes 2t-4t - toddler infant & newborn shop girls departments: accessories backpacks dresses footwear hoodies jeans light jackets sneakers tops & tees view all top brands: adidas apple bottoms baby phat converse coogi dollhouse enyce la galleria new balance puma supra the north face timberland view all featured shops: gift guide new arrivals: sale sale by brand sale by department sale footwear sale jeans sale shorts sale t-shirts sale by brand sale by department sale dresses sale footwear sale jeans sale shorts sale by brand sale by department sale backpacks sale footwear sale sets sale t-shirts sale by brand sale by department sale backpacks sale dresses sale footwear sale sets lookbooks men women premium holiday holiday shops: men's gift guide women's gift guide kids gift guide stocking stuffers: bags gloves hats socks sunglasses watches shipping guides: holiday shipping e-gift cards create a wish list find a wish list customer service home international orders contact us payment options & tax gift cards faq pricing privacy policy returns secure shopping shipping holiday shipping size charts walk-in stores affiliate program trademarks wholesale careers newsletter promos & coupons international orders shop shipping rates shipping options delivery times duties & taxes returns payment options restrictions countries we ship to anguilla antigua aruba austria australia bahamas barbuda belgium belize bermuda bonaire brazil british virgin islands canada cayman islands chile china colombia costa rica croatia curacao czech republic denmark dominica dominican republic el salvador estonia finland france french guiana germany greece grenada guadeloupe guatemala guyana hong kong hungary iceland india indonesia ireland israel italy jamaica japan kenya latvia lithuania luxembourg malaysia martinique mexico monaco netherlands netherlands antilles new zealand norway peru philippines poland portugal russia saudi arabia singapore slovenia south africa south korea spain saint christopher sweden switzerland taiwan thailand trinidad & tobago turkey turks & caicos united arab emirates united kingdom vatican city vietnam how to shop on drjays.com simply shop the website and add the items you like to your shopping bag. you can view prices in foreign currencies by using the change currency menu on the upper right corner of any page. when you are ready to place your order click the shopping bag link on the top right of any page. on the shopping bag page either log in, if you've previously purchased from us, or click new customer checkout and follow the prompts. you will have the opportunity to select your country of destination and preferred payment option during checkout. back to top shipping rates drjays.com has partnered with several shipping companies to provide you with fast and reliable delivery options. your shipping rate will depend on three variables: the shipping option you choose. the country you ship your order to. the total weight of your order. we encourage you to start the checkout process and provide us with your shipping address to receive accurate shipping rates foryour order. once you have selected your desired shipping option, we will calculate your order total. if you select i-parcel ddp (delivered duties paid), we will also calculate any applicable import duties and taxes during checkout and collect them on behalf of your government (you will owe nothing when your order is delivered). if, however, you select the fedex or usps international priority mail, you will be responsible for paying taxes and duties to your government at the time of delivery. if you have any questions, please contact us. back to top shipping options the delivery times provided below are estimates, not guaranteed. all international shipments must pass through your country's customs department, and this may result in a delay beyond our control. iparcel ddp (delivery duties paid) — affordable and convenient. all fees, including duties and taxes, are calculated and added toyour order total during checkout. when your package arrives, all you have to do is take delivery of the package, with no additional payment due. fedex ddu (delivery duties unpaid) — fast and reliable. please be prepared to pay for duty and tax, if applicable, at the time your package is delivered. united states postal service (usps) international priority mail, ddu (delivery duties unpaid) — delivered by your local mail carrier. please be prepared to pay for duty and tax, if applicable, at the time your package is delivered. please note that all shipping options, shown below, are not offered to every country. if a delivery time estimate is not listed for a specific shipping option to your country, we do not yet offer that shipping option to your country. you will be presented with the shipping options available to your country during checkout. back to top delivery times orders must be placed by 9am eastern standard time estimates below quoted in business days (monday - friday, excluding holidays) zone country fedex i-parcel usps north america canada mexico 2 - 4 3 - 5 4 - 18 2 - 7 8 - 12 — south america brazil peru chile columbia — 3 - 5 3 - 5 3 - 5 4 - 18 — 2 - 9 2 - 8 — — — — central america belize, costa rica, el salvador, guatamala 3 - 5 — — carribean bahamas, bermuda, british virgin islands, caymans, dominican republic, jamaica, martinique, netherlands antilles, st. kitts & nevis, turks & caicos 3 - 5 — 8 - 12 anguilla, angtiqua, aruba, barbados, barbuda, bonaire, curacao, dominica, grenada, guadeloupe, guyana, trinidad and tobago 3 - 5 — — europe austria, belgium* czech republic* denmark france germany hungary* ireland italy luxembourg* monaco* netherlands poland slovakia* slovenia* united kingdom vatican city* croatia, french guiana, iceland, greece portugal spain switzerland** turkey israel russia*** 3 - 5 3 - 5 3 - 5 3 - 5 3 - 5 3 - 5 3 - 5 3 - 5 3 - 5 3 - 5 3 - 5 3 - 5 3 - 5 3 - 5 3 - 5 3 - 5 3 - 5 3 - 5 3 - 5 3 - 5 — — — 8 - 12 6 - 13 7 - 11 4 - 13 6 - 12 6 - 14 10 - 27 7 - 11 4 - 10 7 - 11 5 - 14 3 - 17 8 - 12 9 - 13 5 - 10 7 - 11 — 4 - 9 5 - 15 3 - 7 4 - 14 5 - 19 6 - 11 8 - 12 8 - 12 8 - 12 8 - 12 8 - 12 8 - 12 8 - 12 8 - 12 8 - 12 8 - 12 8 - 12 8 - 12 8 - 12 8 - 12 8 - 12 8 - 12 — 8 - 12 8 - 12 — — — — northern europe finland, norway, sweden 3 - 5 — 8 - 12 baltic states estonia latvia lithuania 3 - 5 3 - 5 3 - 5 3 - 11 4 - 13 4 - 14 — — — middle east saudi arabia united arab emirates — — 18 - 26 5 - 13 — — oceania australia new zealand 3 - 5 3 - 5 3 -11 4 - 12 8 - 12 8 - 12 asia china hong kong india indonesia malaysia japan philippines singapore south korea taiwan thailand vietnam — 3 - 5 3 - 5 — 3 - 5 3 - 5 3 - 5 3 - 5 3 - 5 — 3 - 5 3 - 5 5 - 9 3 - 14 5 - 11 18 - 26 18 - 26 7 - 11 3 - 9 6 - 10 5 - 20 6 - 10 4 - 16 — — — — — — 8 - 12 — — — — — — africa south africa kenya — 3 - 5 6 - 15 — — — *usps international priority mail shipping option not available unfortunately the united states postal service (usps) does not ship to countries designated by (*). **special note for swiss customersno jewelry can be shipped to switzerland via iparcel. ***special note for russian customersbased on today's laws and regulation no russian import duties or taxes will be collected during checkout or upon delivery of this order as long as you abide by russian law. the law states that russian customers may order up to eu1000.00 worth or 31 kgs of products per month without paying russian import duties or taxes if the product is not for resale and is delivered by the russian post. drjays.com has partnered with iparcel, a company that will work exclusively with the russian post to deliver your order. transit time is up to 2 weeks. back to top duties & taxes duty, customs tariffs and vat are set by the local government and determined based on a combination of the country of origin or manufacturing of the goods being purchased, and the classification of that merchandise in accordance with a harmonized system adopted and used by the local government. the amount of applicable duty, tariffs and taxes will vary based on the product ordered and the specific rates set by the local government. if you select i-parcel ddp (delivered duties paid) we will collect, on behalf of the local government, and guarantee the amount of any applicable import duties and taxes during checkout (you will owe nothing when your order is delivered). if, however, you select the fedex or usps international priority mail you will be responsible for paying taxes and duties to the local government at the time of delivery. if you have any questions, please contact us. back to top returns if, for any reason, you are not satisfied with any part of your purchase, you can return it to us for a refund. at this time we do not refund return shipping fees to the united states or offer exchanges on international orders. we will accept returns for up to 30 days from the date merchandise is delivered. items returned must be sent back new and unworn, with store tags attached. sorry, but we're unable to take back personal items such as underwear, swimwear, make-up and body jewelry. when returning shoes, place inside of the manufacturer's shoebox, and then inside of a separate shipping box. please do not write on the manufacturer's shoebox, tape it closed, or use it as a shipping box. footwear returns will not be accepted unless both the shoes and shoebox are undamaged. to send an item back to us, please enclose the drjays.com invoice which arrived with your package. you may use any shipper you like, but we recommend purchasing tracking and insurance, as drjays.com cannot be responsible for lost return shipments. please mail drjays.com returns to the address listed below. drjays.com - returns department 200 connecticut drive burlington, nj 08016 usa once we receive your return package, please allow 1-2 weeks for processing. we will send you an email notification when your refund has been processed. your refund will be issued according to the payment method you selected for the original order. drjays.com can refund you only for the merchandise returned. we are unable to refund any duties, tariffs, taxes, or shipping fees that were paid at any point during the online checkout or delivery of your order. you may be entitled to a refund of duties, tariffs, or taxes from your local government upon return of the merchandise to us in the united states. if you need proof of return, or help locating the proper customs authority in your country, feel free to contact us. for assistance. if you should refuse delivery on your drjays.com order, if you refuse to pay your duties, tariffs or taxes, or if your package is deemed undeliverable for any reason, it may be returned to us in the united states. in such a case, you will be responsible for all fees and costs associated with the return package. back to top payment options payment options for customers outside the usa include credit cards, debit cards, paypal, amazon payments, bank transfers and money orders. at this time, we process all credit card orders in us dollars, and bank transfer orders in either pounds sterling or euros. the final amount charged by your financial institution may vary slightly from what is displayed due to variations in exchange rates at the time your order is processed. some banks and/or credit cards may charge additional conversions fees at their discretion. credit card and debit card we accept visa, mastercard, american express, and discover cards. debit cards are also accepted as long as they have the visa or mastercard logos. paypal paypal may be selected at checkout if you have an active paypal account. amazon payments we also accept amazon payments for customers who have an active amazon account set up. bank transfers at this time, we only accept bank transfers from uk and euro zone shoppers. shoppers paying by bank transfer must include their order number in the reference section. both numbers and the appropriate bank account number will be provided when you choose the bank transfer payment option during checkout. money order we accept money order payments by mail as long as your money order is denominated in us dollars. customers paying by money order must include their customer number and order number in the reference section. both numbers and our mailing address will be provided when you choose the money order payment option during checkout. back to top restrictions due to various distribution and transportation restrictions we are unable to ship the following items to international customers: all dickies, lacoste, levis, new balance, nike, the north face, and timberland product, and all fragrances. please refer to the product page of the items that interest you for any additional restrictions. to guarantee timely customs clearance, drjays.com reserves the right to restrict or delay the processing of any international order exceeding $1,000 usd. if you place an order greater than $1,000 usd, a customer service representative may contact you with additional instructions. back to top sign up for news and exclusive offers my account view sign in track my order wish list gift cards customer service help international shipping returns & exchanges my orders privacy policy faq about drjays walk-in stores affiliate program careers contact us drjays live connect instagram facebook twitter pinterest youtube google+ tumblr shipping to over 70+ countries view all