来源URL: https://web.archive.org/web/20171228022349/https://www.drjays.com/content/customerservice/faq.html
================================================================================

drjays.com - customer service - faq :: // save up to 15% off! 10%* off your order code 10fall 15%* off orders $50+ code 15fall *promo codes are valid on qualifying items only. sitewide codes 10fall and 15fall exclude the following shops, departments and brands: outlet department, clearance departments; brands adidas, champion, converse, diamond supply co, dv by dolce vita, dope, drj leather shoppe, drj sunglasses shoppe, famous stars & straps, fila, huf, levi's, mitchell & ness , new balance, new era, pelle pelle leathers, pelle pelle by marc buchanan, pink dolphin, psyberia, puma, reebok, sprayground, the north face, timberland, and under armour. toggle navigation 0 shop shop men departments view all new sale outlet brands a-z new sale outlet shop women departments view all new sale outlet brands a-z new sale outlet shop boys departments view all new sale outlet brands a-z new sale outlet shop girls departments view all new sale outlet brands a-z new sale outlet men men departments view all new sale outlet brands a-z new sale outlet departments athleisure backpacks big & tall button downs hats hoodies jackets & coats jeans joggers light jackets shorts sneakers socks sunglasses sweatpants sweatshirts swimwear t-shirts watches view all top brands '47 adidas basic essentials black pyramid born fly british knights buyers picks champion converse crooks & castles diamond supply fila hudson nyc lrg pink dolphin puma new era radii reebok the north face timberland view all featured shops the fall need list athleisure stylist picks bomber jackets modern outdoors end of summer sale! spring '17 dad hats shop our ig departments brands a-z big & tall new sale outlet featured shops the fall need list athleisure stylist picks modern outdoors end of summer sale! big & tall departments button-downs hoodies jeans light jackets pants polos sets shorts sweatpants sweatshirts t-shirts track jackets view all top brands '47 akademiks basic essentials buyers picks champion ecko enyce fila lrg parish rocawear timberland new arrivals women women departments: view all new sale outlet brands: a-z new sale outlet departments accessories athleisure backpacks boots dresses hats heels hoodies intimates jeans jewelry jackets & coats joggers leggings skirts sneakers sunglasses tees view all top brands '47 adidas aphrodite jeans boom boom jeans basic essentials converse fashion lab fila geox pastry puma reebok sprayground steve madden the north face timberland view all featured shops the fall need list shop chia's picks athleisure end of summer sale! spring '17 dad hats shop our ig departments brands a-z plus size new sale outlet featured shops the fall need list shop chia's picks athleisure end of summer sale! plus size departments dresses hoodies intimates jeans light jackets pants sweatpants tees tops view all top brands basic essentials drj lingerie fashion lab new arrivals boys boys departments view all new sale outlet brands a-z new sale outlet shop boys by size sizes 8-20 - big kids sizes 4-7x - kids sizes 2t-4t - toddler infant & newborn departments accessories backpacks footwear hoodies jeans light jackets sets sneakers tees view all top brands adidas akademiks arcade styles converse enyce fila lrg timberland parish puma reebok skechers sprayground timberland view all shop 4-7x - kids shop 8-20 - big kids departments brands a-z new sale outlet girls girls departments view all new sale outlet brands a-z new sale outlet shop girls by size sizes 7-20 - big kids sizes 4-6x - kids sizes 2t-4t - toddler infant & newborn departments accessories backpacks dresses footwear hoodies jeans light jackets sneakers tops & tees view all top brands adidas converse dollhouse enyce fila puma reebok skechers the north face timberland view all shop 4-6x - kids shop 7-20 - big kids departments brands a-z new sale outlet sale sale savings up to 70% off! mens sale sale by brand sale by department sale footwear sale jeans sale shorts sale t-shirts womens sale sale by brand sale by department sale dresses sale footwear sale jeans sale shorts boys sale sale by brand sale by department sale backpacks sale footwear sale sets sale t-shirts girls sale sale by brand sale by department sale backpacks sale dresses sale footwear sale sets premium my account my account sign in help international wish list gift cards (0) $0.00 last added usd quantity: id: go to cart usd usd aud cad chf czk dkk eur gbp hkd huf inr jpy krw ltl lvl nok nzd pln sek sgd customer service home international orders contact us payment options & tax gift cards faq pricing privacy policy returns secure shopping shipping size charts walk-in stores affiliate program trademarks wholesale careers newsletter promos & coupons frequently asked questions here are some of the most common questions we get from our customers. if you don't see the answer to your question here, please feel free to email us or give us a call at 1-888-4-drjays. walk-in stores order processing payment options pricing privacy policy promotions returns sales tax secure shopping shipping sizes & selection wholesale dr jays walk-in stores are there items sold on drjays.com that are also available at dr jays' walk-in stores? answer drjays.com is owned and operated separately from the dr jays' walk-in stores. while we carry many of the same brands and items as the stores, our selection and prices will not be exactly the same. if i buy an item online, can i return it at one of the dr jays' walk-in stores? answer sorry, but if you place your order online, your merchandise must be mailed back to us for returns processing. you will not be able to take it to one of the walk-in stores in your area. is there a dr jays' walk-in store in my area? answer you can view a list of the dr jays' walk-in stores by clicking here. back to top order processing i just placed an order. how long before it will be shipped? answer generally speaking, if you order in the morning, we can ship your package later that day. if you order in the afternoon or evening, we won't be able to ship until the following day. there will be exceptions from time to time, but we do our best to ship all orders as quickly as possible. if your order is being billed and shipped to different addresses, we'll need 1-2 business days for processing before the order can be shipped. please keep this in mind when selecting your delivery time frame. we do not ship or deliver packages on saturday and sunday. weekend orders, including friday afternoon and evening, will be processed on monday. i already placed an order with drjays.com. can i change something? answer we ship all orders as quickly as possible, so we are not always able to make changes to an order after it is placed. however, you are welcome to call us at 888-4-drjays, and if we are able to assist you we will certainly do so. how do i cancel my drjays.com order? answer we ship all orders as quickly as possible, so we are not always able to cancel an order after it is placed. however, you are welcome to call us at 888-4-drjays, and if we are able to assist you we will certainly do so. back to top payment options which payment options does drjays.com accept? answer we accept credit cards, debit cards, money orders, paypal, amazon payments and bank transfers. if you're going to use a money order, you must call us at 888-4-drjays and place your order over the phone. which credit cards and debit cards can i use? answer drjays.com accepts the following credit cards. visa, mastercard, american express, and discover. debit cards are also accepted as long as they have a visa or mastercard logo. does drjays.com accept checks? answer we're sorry, but we do not accept personal checks. what is paypal? answer paypal is a free service which allows you to send money as easily as sending an email. if you'd like to learn more about paypal, or sign up for an account, please visit www.paypal.com to get started. or, if you already have a paypal account, you're ready to place an order using our online checkout. does drjays.com offer c.o.d. (cash on delivery)? answer sorry, but c.o.d. is not a payment option with drjays.com. all orders must be paid in full before your package will be mailed out. can i save the items in my shopping cart and buy them later? answer sorry, but at drjays.com all items are sold on a first-come, first-served basis. this means that the items you have in your shopping cart today may not be available at a later date. the only way to reserve those items is to complete your order as soon as possible. back to top pricing what is drjays.com's policy on price adjustments? answer drjays.com will honor price adjustment requests if made within five business days of the date that you placed your order. if it has been five business days or more since the date that you placed your order, you are no longer eligible for a price adjustment. if i find a better price at another website, will drjays.com match it? answer we believe you'll find the best selection and the best prices here at drjays.com. but if you find a good deal you think we should know about, please contact our customer service department. we'll look into it and let you know. a price match must be requested before placing your order with us. we will not go back and price match after your order has been placed. back to top privacy policy what is your complete privacy policy? answer click here to view our privacy policy. why does drjays.com ask for my email address? will i get spam emails after i give it to you? answer providing us with your email address means we can send you two very important emails: one is a copy of the order that you place with us, and the other is a notification that your package has been shipped. we may also use email if it is necessary to contact you regarding your order. we	will not send you spam emails, and we will not give your email address to anyone else. back to top promotions how can i find out about drjays.com promotions? answer we recommend that you sign up for our email mailing list. once you sign up, we'll email you on a regular basis with the latest drjays.com news, specials, and promotions. our service representatives cannot give out promotions over the phone. how do i enter in the promo code? click the promo code link you see in the example on the right. enter the promo code, and click "apply". this section can be found in the order summary of the checkout process. back to top returns what is your complete returns policy? answer click here to view our returns policy. did drjays.com receive my return package yet? answer we will send you an email at the time your return package is processed. how can i do an exchange? answer all packages mailed to our returns department will be processed as refunds. if you need an exchange, we recommend that you mail back your item for a refund, then place a new order with us at any time. if i need to return an item, do i have to pay the postage? answer yes, if you mail an item back to us, you will be responsible for the return postage. we recommend that you add tracking and insurance for your own protection. are any items non–returnable? answer most of our items can be returned, including sale and clearance merchandise. however, personal items such as makeup, swimwear, and underwear cannot be returned. please note that items cannot be returned after 30 days. your return merchandise must be unwashed and unworn with the store tags still attached. back to top sales tax will there be sales tax added to my order? answer we are required by law to charge sales tax on orders shipped to new york, new jersey and california. if your order is being shipped to any other us state, to a us territory, or to an apo/fpo address, no sales tax will be added. back to top secure shopping is it safe to shop at the drjays.com? answer yes, it is safe to make online purchases at drjays.com. click here to view secure shopping details. back to top shipping does drjays.com ship to apo/fpo addresses? answer yes, military customers are able to shop through the us customer checkout. apo/fpo packages are shipped via us postal service. standard delivery rates will apply. back to top sizes & selection are there more sizes available than what's shown on the website? answer sorry, but the sizes you see on the website are all that we have available. our customer service representatives do not have access to anything different than what you see online. i’m looking for an item that's not on your website. can i special order it through drjays.com? answer sorry, but drjays.com is not able to do special orders. what you see on the website is everything that we have available. can i search for items that are available in my size? answer yes, our search lets you look for items by size, brand name, color, or any combination of these. our search can be located at the top right of our website. back to top wholesale can i buy wholesale or in bulk from drjays.com? answer sorry, but drjays.com is a retail store, so we do not sell wholesale. you are welcome to place a large order with us, but you will pay the prices that you see on the website. please visit our sale areas of the website for items that are already marked down. back to top sign up for news and exclusive offers my account view sign in track my order wish list gift cards customer service help international shipping returns & exchanges my orders privacy policy faq size charts about drjays walk-in stores affiliate program careers contact us drjays live connect instagram facebook twitter pinterest google+ tumblr shipping to over 70+ countries view all