来源URL: https://web.archive.org/web/20201231093807/https://www.dickssportinggoods.com/s/return-policy
================================================================================

dick's sporting goods returns & exchanges sign inchattrack orderhelpshop departmentssportswomenmenkids'outerwear shopexercise & wellnessoutdoor & recreationfan shopaccessoriesthis week's dealstop brandsclearancethis week's dealsclearfind a storesneaker releases0font you need to enable javascript to run this app.returns & exchangeswhat is the dick's sporting goods return policy?modified return policy – covid 19: due to the disruption caused by covid-19, in order to allow flexibility for our athletes, dick's sporting goods, calia, golf galaxy and field & stream have extended our return policy from 60 days to 90 days from the date of purchase. this applies to in-store and online purchases. dick's sporting goods warehouse and overtime locations offer a 30 day return policy on most products. for more information on our return policy, see dick's return policy .dick's return policydick's sporting goods, calia, golf galaxy and field & stream offer a 90-day return policy on most products. dick's sporting goods warehouse and overtime locations offer a 30 day return policy on most products.returns with an original sale receipt or pack slip will receive a refund based on the initial form of payment.returns without an original sales receipt or pack slip must be returned using a valid id and will receive a store credit for the lowest selling price. information from the id will be held in a company-wide database of customer return activity. for items excluded from returns, the manufacturer's contact information may be provided upon request.returns with a gift receipt will be offered a gift card or even exchange.returns where a scorecard reward or coupon was redeemed will result in an adjusted refund amount.items requiring repairs should be returned to the manufacturer or an authorized service center.the following identification is accepted for returns: u.s. or canadian driver’s license, u.s. state id, u.s. military id or u.s. passport.dick’s sporting goods, calia, golf galaxy and field & stream reserve the right to limit returns or exchanges regardless of receipt.we are committed to the accuracy of our scanner pricing system. if a customer is charged a higher price at point of sale for an item that is advertised by us, or displayed in store at a lower price, the lower price will be honored.product exclusions and restrictionsthe following items cannot be returned: firearms, ammunition, hunting bows, crossbows, gun powders, primers, rifles/muzzleloaders, items requiring gasoline or fuel, used bikes, airbeds, custom and special order items, autographed collectibles and memorabilia and gift cards.the following items cannot be returned if the package is opened or the factory seal is broken: baseball/softball bats, football helmets, air beds, electronic scooters and bikes, face coverings, ice rinks and portable lavatories.bikes cannot typically be returned. there is a 24-hour bike-sizing/color verification grace period that allows our athletes additional time to inspect and verify the size and color of the bike. the 24-hour size/color inspection verification return policy is limited to inspecting the bike for size verification and color only - bikes that are used during the 24-hour window or bikes that do not have all original labels and tags cannot be returned. under the 24-hour size/color inspection verification return policy:unused bikes purchased and assembled in-store may be eligible for return up to 24 hours after purchaseunused bikes purchased via curbside pick up or buy online, pickup in-store pickup programs and assembled in-store may be eligible for return up to 24 hours after pickupunused bikes that are shipped to home and assembled in-store may be eligible for return up to 24 hours after pickupunused bikes that are shipped to home and not assembled and still in the box may be eligible for return up to 24 hours after delivery.there is a 30-day return policy on all opened hyperice and theragun products, excluding refurbished products.there is a 24-hour return policy on all yeezy shoes that are purchased in-store. all online yeezy shoe sales are final, no returns or exchanges will be accepted.pre-owned items, demo items, refurbished items and nike adapt shoes may be exchanged in the same conditions they were sold within seven (7) days of purchase with original sales receipt. all exchanges are subject to approval.electronics must be returned in the original packaging along with all accompanying manuals, parts and accessories.certain returns will be handled under the manufacturer’s warranty or return policy.curbside returnshow do i return my in-store or online purchase at a store?in support of the nation’s efforts to stop the spread of covid-19, some dick’s sporting goods locations may be temporarily closed. you may return your items in-store or via contactless curbside return at select dick's sporting goods locations with a receipt or order number. at this time, we can only accept curbside returns for purchases that were made with a debit or credit card (no cash or gift cards).please place the items you are returning in the trunk of your vehicle.keep your receipt or order number with you.after arriving to store, call the store phone number and dial “0” to speak to a store representative.please read to us your receipt or order number, and we will come to your vehicle.in order to have a contactless experience, please stay in your vehicle. we will pick up your item from your trunk.when the return is complete, we will be happy to provide an e-receipt for your convenience.return an online purchasein the mail. return your online purchase through the mail with free returns on most purchases. select mail-in return and enter your confirmation and billing zip code for return label. original shipping fees not refunded.in store. return your online purchase to any open dick's sporting goods location nationwide with proof of purchase. select in-store return and enter your confirmation number and billing zip code for proof of purchase barcode. you can also use your order confirmation email as proof of purchase for an in-store return.in support of the nation’s efforts to stop the spread of covid-19, some dick’s sporting goods locations are temporarily closed. for urgent returns, you may return your items via contactless curbside return at select dick's sporting goods locations with a receipt or order number. at this time, we can only accept curbside returns for purchases that were made with a debit or credit card (no cash or gift cards).choose what you would like to do with your return.mail in returnin-store returntrack my returnenter your order details to download a printable return label.11-digit order number11-digit order numberbilling zip codebilling zip codefind orderreturn an in-store purchasehow do i return my in-store purchase?items you purchased in store can be returned at any open dick’s sporting goods location or via contactless curbside return. just bring your original receipt or order confirmation email for in-store pickup, as well as the credit card or gift card used to purchase. if you no longer have your receipt, contact our customer service team by phone at 1-877-846-9997 or chat now to have a copy of your receipt sent to you, if available.returns without an original sales receipt will receive a store credit for the lowest selling price. you must also present a valid id when returning the item. information from the id will be held in a companywide database of customer return activity. at this time, in-store purchases cannot be returned by mail.faqsgeneral policy questionswhat is dick's return policy?modified return policy – covid 19: due to the disruption caused by covid-19, in order to allow flexibility for our athletes, dick's sporting goods, calia, golf galaxy and field & stream have extended our return policy from 60 days to 90 days from the date of purchase. this applies to in-store and online purchases. dick's sporting goods warehouse and overtime locations offer a 30 day return policy on most products.returns with an original sales receipt or pack slip will receive a refund based on the initial form of payment.returns without an original sales receipt or pack slip must be returned using a valid id and will receive a store credit for the lowest selling price. information from the id will be held in a companywide database of customer return activity. for items excluded from return, the manufacturer's contact information may be provided upon request.returns with a gift receipt will be offered a gift card or even exchange.returns where a scorecard reward or coupon was redeemed will result in an adjusted refund amount.items requiring repairs should be returned to the manufacturer or an authorized service centerthe following identification is accepted for returns: us or canadian driver's license, u.s. state id, u.s. military id or u.s. passport.dick's sporting goods, calia, golf galaxy and field & stream reserve the right to limit returns or exchanges regardless of receipt.we are committed to the accuracy of our scanner pricing system. if a customer is charged a higher price at point of sale for an item that is advertised by us, or displayed in store at a lower price, the lower price will be honored.how do i exchange an item?you can bring both online and in-store purchases to any dick’s sporting goods store location to be exchanged, as long as the item is not an online-only product. we will honor the original purchase price with the exchange. to exchange an online item without visiting a store, simply return the original item by mail, and then contact our customer service team at 1-877-846-9997. we can place a new order for you that honors the original purchase price.when will i receive my refund?if you returned your item in store, it can take up to 14 business days for the refund to be processed to your original form of payment. if it’s been more than 14 days, you should first reach out to your financial institution regarding the credit. after speaking with your financial institution, if you still have questions, please contact our customer service department at 1-877-846-9997 or chat now.if you returned your item online, it usually takes 2—3 weeks from dick’s sporting goods receiving your return for a credit to be issued. refunds will be provided to the original form of payment for the purchase price of the item, including sales tax.what if i don’t have my receipt or pack slip?if you lost or did not receive a pack slip and want to return an online purchase, enter your confirmation number and billing zip code in the return an online purchase section at the top of this page. you can also use your order confirmation email as proof of purchase for an in-store return.if you no longer have your receipt from an in-store purchase, contact our customer service team by phone at 1-877-846-9997 or chat now to have a copy of your receipt sent to you, if available.returns without an original sales receipt or pack slip will receive a store credit for the lowest selling price. you must also present a valid id when returning the item. information from the id will be held in a company-wide database of customer return activityhow can i track my return?to track your return, use your order number and billing zip code and enter it on our "track my return" feature in the "return an online purchase" dropdown. you can also use the tracking number provided on your return label and enter it on the shipping carrier site.what if i already opened or used my item?the following items cannot be returned if the package is opened or the factory seal is broken: baseball/softball bats, football helmets, air beds, electronic scooters and bikes, face coverings, ice rinks and portable lavatories.electronics must be returned in the original packaging and with all accompanying manuals, parts and accessories.there is a 30-day return policy on all opened hyperice and theragun products, excluding refurbished products.pre-owned items, demo items, refurbished items and nike adapt shoes may be exchanged in the same condition as they were sold within seven (7) days of purchase with original sales receipt. all exchanges are subject to approval.returned items should be unused, but we understand that sometimes our athletes need to try an item before realizing it’s not a good fit. as long as the item is clean and in good condition, your return may be accepted.what if the item i want to return is damaged?we will accept damaged item returns either online or in store within the 60-day return policy.are there any items that cannot be returned?the following items cannot be returned:firearmsammunitionhunting bowscrossbowsblack powderrifles/muzzleloadersgunpowderprimersitems requiring gasoline or fuelused bikesairbedscustom and special order itemsautographed collectibles & memorabiliagift cardsif i used a gift card on my original order, how will i get my refund?if you paid for your order with a gift card or egift card, the return will be refunded back to the original gift card or egift card you used. if you no longer have this gift card or egift card, please contact our customer service department at 1-877-846-9997 or chat now. we’ll get a new gift card sent to you in the amount of your refund.can i return a yeezy product i purchased online?all online yeezy sales are final, no returns or exchanges will be accepted. product is not eligible for promotions or coupons.what is the 24-hour bike size/color inspection verification return policy?bikes cannot typically be returned. there is a 24-hour bike-sizing/color verification grace period that allows our athletes additional time to inspect and verify the size and color of the bike. the 24-hour size/color inspection verification return policy is limited to inspecting the bike for size verification and color only - bikes that are used during the 24-hour window or bikes that do not have all original labels and tags cannot be returned. under the 24-hour size/color inspection verification return policy:unused bikes purchased and assembled in-store may be eligible for return up to 24 hours after purchase.unused bikes purchased via curbside pick up or buy online, pickup in-store pickup programs and assembled in-store may be eligible for return up to 24 hours after pickup.unused bikes that are shipped to home and assembled in-store may be eligible for return up to 24 hours after pickup.unused bikes that are shipped to home and not assembled and still in the box may be eligible for return up to 24 hours after delivery.shippingwhat if i want to use my shipping carrier of choice?if your preference is not to use a provided label, you can also simply address the package using the information below and pay for the return shipping with a mail service of your choice. to mail in your return:repackage items in original packaging, including all paperwork, parts and accessoriesremove all extra labels from previous shipping on the outside of the boxcomplete the return reason form on the packing slip and enclose in the boxapply the return label to the outside of the box or address the box to:dickssportinggoods.comreturns department7601 trade port drivelouisville, ky 40258send your package via the shipping service noted on your return label. if you are not using your provided return label, send it through the mail service of your choice*.keep the tracking number provided when using the shipping service of your choice and track via their website.* return shipping charges must be paid. dsg does not accept packages sent as cash on delivery (c.o.d.).how can i return my oversized or overweight item delivered by freight carrier?oversized/overweight items require a little more coordination than a standard-sized item, but with a little help from our customer service department, we’ll get your oversized item picked up in no time. simply call customer service at 1-877-846-9997 to arrange the carrier pick up of your item. make sure to repackage items with all paperwork, parts and accessories and place the item at the front door for the driver. please note that you may be responsible for the return shipping cost of your item. best price guaranteeif you find a lower price, we’ll match it.learn morefree one-hour pickupcurbside or in-storelearn morefree shippingonline only. exclusions apply.detailshelp save youth sportsevery kid deserves a chance to play donateconnect with us & savesign up for email and get 10% offemail addresssign up*first-time subscribers only. returning subscribers will be resubscribed for marketing/promo emails.want $20 off $100?join dick’s text alerts to receive special offers! online only. exclusions apply. click for detailsneed more help? contact uscovid-19 updatesscore more. give more. play more.gift cards & egift cardsgive the gift that always fits. shop gift cardsscorecard & scorecard goldearn one point for every $1 and get a $10 reward for every 300 points. learn morescorerewards® credit cardaccelerate your rewards and earn 2 points for every $1 on qualified purchases with a scorerewards credit card. learn morecompanyabout uscareersdonations & sponsorshipscommercials & filmsinvestor relationscorporate social responsibilitypress roomsuppliersindex [ + ]servicesmy accountscorecard & scorerewards benefitscontact customer servicetrack your ordergift cardsshopgamechangerfind a storestore servicespromos & couponsrebatesweekly adtop brandsresourcesreturns & exchangesshipping ratesbest price guaranteeproduct availability & pricepromo exclusionsrecallscpsia informationpro tipsonly at dick'sfeatured searchessite indexsports gear & equipmentworkout clothes & activewearfootwearaccessories & electronicsbikescallaway rogue collectionadidas running shoesnike mercurial soccer cleatsyeti cups, coolers & tumblersusa standard baseball batsadidas clothing & apparelcaliakayaksbest home workout equipmentbest sports bras 2020© 2021 dick's sporting goods*price promotions - due to manufacturer restrictions, select new release and other specified products are excluded from price promotions. additionally, there are restrictions on the use of coupon codes.if you are using a screen reader and are having problems using this website, please call 877-846-9997 for assistance.terms of useprivacy policyaccessibility policydo not sell my personal information – ca residents onlycalifornia disclosures