来源URL: https://web.archive.org/web/20211231071626/https://www.dickssportinggoods.com/s/scorecard-benefits
================================================================================

scorecard & scorerewards benefits | dick's sporting goods menu0cartcancelmy accountsign in to earn pointsfind a storeview allsportswomenmenkidsexercise and wellnessoutdoorfan shopaccessoriesthis week's dealstop brandsclearancepickup & deliveryrentalsrent gear and equipmentservicesrepair or customize geartrack orderhelpclose home|scorecard & scorerewards benefitsscorecard & scorerewards benefits member benefits scorecard faqs scorerewards faqs mobile app faqs terms & conditions scorecard gold scorerewards how to enroll free to sign up in-store or online $500+ annual spend or be an active scorerewards credit cardholder no fee to apply in-store or online earn points for purchases *​ 300 points = $10 reward 1 point for every $1 spent 1 point for every $1 spent 2 points†​ for every $1 spent (at our brands) insider access to offers, deals and products faster online checkout**(log in to access account details​​​) access to exclusivemember-only offers pick your 3x points day*** exclusive cardholder-only deals everyday special financing‡(in-store only) scorecard earn points*get 1 point for every $1 you spend on qualified purchases in-store and online!get rewardedreceive a $10 reward for every 300 points you earn. plus, get exclusive offers via mail and email.sign up & start earning points for your purchases today!create an account sign in gold go for the goldspend $500+ in a calendar year or be an active score rewards credit card holder to achieve score card gold status.pick your 3x points day**as a scorecard gold member, you get 3x points on any purchase once a year. you pick the day.we'll triple your points!log in to redeem online from your account summary or to redeem in-store, ask an associate to add your 3x points offer during checkout.check status sign in scorerewards earn more points every dayearn triple points​ the day you open an account and double points every other day on qualified purchases at our brands!†scorerewards mastercardearn 1 point for $3 spent†​ anywhere else mastercard is accepted.unlock goldget access to scorecard gold status when you open a scorerewards credit card account and start using your card.12 months special financing‡choose special financing on in-store purchases of $399 or more (after discounts).learn more manage account please see the scorecard terms & conditions for full program details.*some exclusions apply. see dicks.com/exclusions for more details.**save your information to your account, so you can sign in and make online purchases quickly. ​***limit one offer per customer. exclusions apply.special financing purchases earn 1 point for each $1.†, ‡ subject to credit approval. points: unconverted points expire one year from date earned. for details and exclusions, see dicks.com/credit or ask a store associate. 3x points account opening: applicants who do not receive a credit decision the day they apply, but are later approved, will receive a 3x points coupon in their credit card package. special financing: minimum monthly payments required. see store associate for details. we reserve the right to discontinue or alter the terms of this offer at any time.the scorerewards mastercard® is issued by synchrony bank pursuant to a license by mastercard international incorporated. mastercard is a registered trademark, and the circles design is a trademark of mastercard international incorporated.frequently asked questions terms capitalized and not defined are defined in the scorecard terms and conditions. scorecard terms and conditions. arrow_forward ​scorecard faqshow do i earn points?earn one point for every $1 of qualified purchases at dick’s sporting goods, golf galaxy and field & stream stores, dicks.com, golfgalaxy.com, and fieldandstreamshop.com. some exclusions apply. see dicks.com/exclusions for more details.you can also earn points through the move fitness tracker function on the dick's sporting goods mobile application (“dick’s mobile app”). you can: (1) earn 100 points for joining move on the dick’s mobile app and (2) earn 3 points per day by achieving one of the following daily activity goals as reported by a participant’s third-party fitness device manufacturer to our move fitness tracker on the dick’s mobile app:by reaching at least 10,000 steps with fitbit, apple health, or garmin trackersby reaching at least 3 miles with mapmyrun or mapmyfitnessby completing at least 30 minutes of fitness activitypoints are subject to a daily maximum of 3 points per scorecard account. you must reach your goal in one (1) calendar day in order to receive your points. the next calendar day, your activity will reset back to zero (0).you can also earn points by using your scorerewards credit card or scorerewards mastercard® and during pga golf club trade-in events when the event advertises that points will be offered. for additional details, please see the scorecard terms and conditions.how do i earn a reward?you will qualify to receive a $10 reward when your points balance reaches 300 points.what happens if i receive points from multiple chains?points earned at dick’s sporting goods, golf galaxy and field & stream are combined into a consolidated points account. rewards can be redeemed in any of our chains.when will i get my reward?rewards will be received within 60 days of qualifying for a reward. by default, you will receive rewards via mail. however, you can receive your reward faster by opting in to erewards, where you will receive your rewards via email within approximately 8 days of qualifying for a reward. you can also view and redeem your available rewards by using the dick’s mobile app.how do erewards work?get your rewards faster by opting in to erewards. your reward will be emailed to you shortly after processing. sign up for erewards by visiting your preferences page under my account on dicks.com/scorecard or by updating your preferences via the dick’s mobile app. if you enroll in erewards, you will no longer receive your rewards by mail. why is my reward not available as soon as i reach 300 points?rewards are not available immediately due to the timing of processing and time associated with processing. you can see when your points convert into a reward by logging in and visiting the my points section under my account.why does my reward say "redeemed" when i didn't use it yet?if your reward is marked as redeemed, then either you or someone else redeemed the reward. if you did not redeem it, please contact the scorecard hotline at 1-800-440-4002.what happens if i have more than 300 points? for instance, if i have 750 points, what will be the amount of my reward?if you have 750 points, you will receive a $20 reward based on reaching the 300-point minimum twice. the remaining 150 points will roll over toward your next reward.my reward expired before i could use it. will you still honor it?your reward is only valid through the expiration date listed. i lost my reward. can i get a replacement?unfortunately, we are unable to replace rewards sent through the mail. however, you can log in to your online account to reprint your reward certificate.why is providing my email address mandatory for enrollment in the scorecard program?we need a valid email address to deliver scorecard news, exclusive offers and other program-related information. we will not spam you or sell your email address. if you do not want to receive emails from us, you can unsubscribe via the link at the bottom of any email we send, or by calling the scorecard hotline at 1-800-440-4002.why do i have a nagative points balance?the most common reason for a negative points balance is merchandise being returned after your points convert into a reward. if you believe there is an error on your account, please contact the scorecard hotline at 1-800-440-4002.i updated my information at the register in-store, why does my account not reflect my new information?if you have multiple scorecards, it is likely that you updated the information on one of your scorecard accounts but not the one that you used to create your online account. please update your information via dicks.com to ensure we have the correct information for both scorecard accounts. this will allow us to correctly combine the points earned on each account. if you have further questions or need additional help, call the scorecard hotline at 1-800-440-4002.what if i forgot to use my scorecard in-store or online?if your scorecard was not used in-store and you have your receipt, you can credit the purchase to your account within 90 days. simply log in to my account on dicks.com and select credit my account under my points history and follow the instructions. always keep your receipts for verification in the event of a discrepancy.at this time, only dick’s sporting goods, golf galaxy and field & stream in-store purchases can be added through my account on dicks.com, golfgalaxy.com, and fieldandstreamshop.com purchases can be added by contacting the scorecard hotline at 1-800-440-4002.how can i receive an electronic. reciept in-store?to receive an electronic receipt of your in-store purchase, you must have a valid email address on your scorecard account. you will be asked at checkout if you would like to receive an electronic receipt.to add or update your email address yourself, log in to my account on dicks.com and select account settings. you can also update your scorecard account by calling the scorecard hotline at 1-800-440-4002.when i return an item for credit, will the amount be deducted from my scorecard point balance?yes, you receive points only for items purchased and not returned. you must present your scorecard at the time of the return.if i do an online return or if my order is cancelled, do i get my reward back that was used on that order?yes, you will be reissued the amount of points that equals the value of your reward applied to the cancelled or returned product(s). cancelled orders may be due to out of stock product or if you cancel your order before it ships.when will i get my reward back?you will receive the reissued points the day after your cancelled order or returned order processes in our systems.if your balance of points equates to a new reward, the points will convert to a reward during the next reward cycle.i only recieved a portion of the points that i think i should get back. why is that?when you use a reward, it is applied across the number of products in your order. therefore, if you return or cancel a portion of your order, you will receive a pro-rated point value. for example:​if your order was one product, the total amount of points that equals the value of your reward will be refunded.​if you had two products in the order and one is cancelled or returned, the pro-rated value of your reward that was applied to that product will be reissued.​do i get my reward back if i make a return in a store?yes, you will be reissued the amount of points that equals the value of your reward applied to the returned product(s), just like an online return.​do these reissued points expire?all points expire approximately 365 days from the date in which they are issued, if they have not converted into a reward. ​i lost my scorecard. how can i get another?scorecard replacement cards are not available. you can view your scorecard number and add it to your wallet for use within the dick’s mobile app. also, any store location can look up your scorecard at time of purchase with a phone number or email address or you can contact customer service at 1-800-440-4002 to receive your scorecard number.i have more than one card. how does that affect my points?if you have multiple scorecards, we will automatically combine your points and accounts that are under the same first name, last name and address.i like being a member of the scorecard program, but i'd prefer to be contacted via mail or email. how can i be sure i do not receive these?you may opt-out of direct mail, email and text messages by calling the scorecard hotline at 1-800-440-4002 or by updating your preferences under my account. regardless of your contact preferences, you will still receive your rewards in the mail.why does the number on the back of my card not match the account number listed on my account page and/or account notification emails?these numbers may not match because you have multiple cards associated with your account and we only publish one of them or the first 8 digits match, but the final 4 are different. this is because the final 4 digits are system generated but do not impact your account.will my points ever expire?all scorecard points that have not been converted to a scorecard reward will expire one year from the date on which the scorecard points are earned. how do i achieve scorecard gold status?you can achieve scorecard gold status by spending $500+ in a calendar year or by being an active scorerewards credit card holder. for additional details, please see the scorecard terms and conditions.what benefits do i receive as a scorecard gold member?gold status unlocks exclusive access to member-only perks that we’ll share with you via email and/or direct mail throughout the year. also, scorecard gold members receive a pick your triple points day to use on any single purchase once per calendar year. to redeem your 3x points offer, log-in to redeem online from your account summary or ask an associate to add your 3x points offer during checkout in-store.how long does my gold status last?when you achieve gold status, you’ll keep that status for the remainder of the current calendar year through the end of the following calendar year.how do i know if i'm scorecard gold?you can always check your status by logging in to my account at dicks.com/scorecard.    how can i contact customer service with questions about my scorecard account?for questions regarding your scorecard account, contact customer service at 1-800-440-4002. for questions regarding your scorecard gold account, contact customer service at 1-833-679-9638.​    scorerewards credit card faqswhat are the scorerewards credit card and scorerewards mastercard?dick’s sporting goods, golf galaxy, field & stream, and synchrony bank have teamed up to offer customers these two great cards.what is the difference between the scorerewards credit card and scorerewards mastercard?the scorerewards credit card and scorerewards mastercard are for use at dick's sporting goods, golf galaxy and field & stream store locations or online at dicks.com, golfgalaxy.com or fieldandstreamshop.com. the scorerewards mastercard can be used anywhere else mastercard is accepted. both cards automatically enroll you in the scorecard gold program and you will earn 3x points* on qualified in-store purchases and online at our brands the day you open an account. after that you will earn 2x points† everyday on qualified in-store and online purchases at our brands. with the scorerewards mastercard you will also earn 1 point for every $3† spent anywhere else mastercard is accepted.can anyone apply for the scorerewards credit card?any us citizen 18 years or older may apply for a scorerewards credit card.where can i open a scorerewards credit card account?you can apply for a scorerewards credit card account at any dick’s sporting goods, golf galaxy, or field & stream store location. you can visit dicks.com/apply to apply online or text “apply” to 51801 using your mobile device. data fees may apply.are there special financing options available to me?yes, as a scorerewards credit cardholder we offer special financing events in store that may vary. for example, you would qualify for a 12 months special financing† offer on a purchase of $399 or more after discounts. visit your local store to see which offer is available today!are there any immediate incentives when i open a scorerewards credit card account?yes! you can earn 3x points† on qualified in store or online purchases at our brands the day you open and use your scorerewards credit card or you can choose special financing. however, if you choose to take advantage of any special financing offer, you will earn 1 point per $1 spent.when i apply, can i pick the scorerewards credit card or scorerewards mastercard?no, all applications are considered for the scorerewards mastercard. if the customer is not approved for the scorerewards mastercard, you will be automatically considered for the scorerewards credit card.once i am approved for a scorerewards credit card account, how long will it take before i receive my phyiscal scorerewards credit card or scorerewards mastercard?your scorerewards credit card or scorerewards mastercard should arrive in 7-10 business days once you are approved.when will i receive my additional points for using my scorerewards credit card or score rewards mastercard?these points will be posted to your scorecard account within approximately 15 days after your credit card billing cycle and will appear on your monthly credit card statement.where can i use my scorerewards credit card or scorerewards mastercard?you can make purchases with your scorerewards credit card or scorerewards mastercard at dick's sporting goods, golf galaxy and field & stream store locations or online at dicks.com, golfgalaxy.com or fieldandstreamshop.com. you can also use your scorerewards mastercard anywhere else mastercard is accepted.can i use my scorerewards credit card and scorerewards mastercard at in-store kiosks?yes, both the scorerewards credit card and scorerewards mastercard are accepted for in-store kiosk purchases at dick’s sporting goods, golf galaxy or field & stream store locations.will i recieve scorecard points when making purchases at in-store kiosks if i use my scorerewards mastercard?yes, you will receive 2 points for every $1 spent on qualified purchases with your scorerewards mastercard at dick's sporting goods, golf galaxy, or field & stream. you will also earn 1 point for every $3 you spend just for using your scorerewards mastercard.can i use my scorerewards credit card or scorerewards mastercard at dickssportinggoods.com, golfgalaxy.com, or fieldandstreamshop.com?the scorerewards credit card and the scorerewards mastercard can be used online at dicks.com, golfgalaxy.com or fieldandstreamshop.com.can i use my reward to pay my credit card balance?no, you can only use your reward(s) to purchase merchandise, not to pay your credit card bill.    what happens if i close my scorerewards credit card or scorerewards mastercard?you will still retain your membership in the scorecard program. you will need to contact the scorecard hotline at 1-800-440-4002 if you wish to also close your scorecard account.where can i manage my scorerewards credit card or scorerewards mastercard account?to manage your scorerewards credit card account, click here.how can i contact customer service with questions about my scorerewards credit account?for questions regarding a scorerewards credit card account, call 1-877-417-1324.for questions regarding a scorerewards mastercard account, call 1-877-471-5638.mobile app faqshow can i earn scorecard bonus points while using the move fitness tracker function on the dicks's sporting goods mobile app?you can earn 3 scorecard points daily by achieving one of the following daily activity goals as reported by a participant’s third-party fitness device manufacturer to our move fitness tracker on the dick’s mobile app:by reaching at least 10,000 steps with fitbit, apple health, or garmin trackersby reaching at least 3 miles with mapmyrun or mapmyfitnessby completing at least 30 minutes of fitness activitypoints are subject to a daily maximum of 3 points per scorecard account. you must reach your goal in one (1) calendar day in order to receive your points. the next calendar day, your activity will reset back to zero (0).earn 100 scorecard points for joining move today!why are my points not showing after i reach my daily goal?points are typically awarded within a few hours of achieving your daily goal. please wait for 24 hours as sometimes there may be a delay in processing.if you are still experiencing an issue after 24 hours, then contact us by selecting support & feedback in the app menu. be sure to include your scorecard number, date missed, the tracker you are using (e.g., fitbit, garmin, etc.).why does my fitness tracker show a different activity total than move?this is happening because the app has not received data from your fitness tracker. there could be multiple reasons:your fitness tracker is not connected to the appyou have not synced your activity with your fitness tracker/appyou have not authorized app to receive your activity data (apple health only)your tracker authentication to the app may have expiredhere are a few steps you can take to troubleshoot and fix:1. verify your tracker is connected to the app. 2. from the move daily activity screen, select the settings icon in the top right corner of the screen to ensure the tracker is in the connected state. 3. go to your fitness tracker app or online portal and ensure your physical tracker is synced with the app or portal. 4. if the portal is out of sync with your physical tracker, then sync and come back to the dick’s sporting goods app to verify your activity has posted. give a few minutes for your activity data to transfer to the app. 5. if you are using apple health, make sure you have granted permission for activity to be shared with app. 6. if you followed the above steps and are still not seeing your data update in my activity, you need to disconnect your tracker and reconnect to the app. 7. if none of the steps above resolve the issue, contact us through support & feedback within the app. be sure to include your scorecard number, affected date and time, and tracker you are using (e.g., fitbit, garmin, apple health, mapmyrun, etc.).why doesn't move show my activity from apple health?apple health requires permission for each activity type in order to share your data with dick’s sporting goods. you can verify the right permissions are enabled by going to the apple health app and navigating to sources → dick’s. check that you are allowing dick’s sporting goods to read the data for each of your preferred activities. if not, go ahead and give permission by toggling to green for each activity you want to sync with move. if you are still experiencing an issue, please contact us by reporting a problem at support & feedback in the app menu. be sure to include as much information as possible.why does it say "your tracker is connected to another scorecard"?this happens when you have more than one scorecard account. keep in mind that only one tracker is allowed to be connected to one scorecard account at a time.this happens when you have more than one scorecard account. keep in mind that only one tracker is allowed to be connected to one scorecard account at a time. please enable javascript to continue using this application. best price guaranteeif you find a lower price, we’ll match it.learn morefree one-hour pickupcurbside or in-storelearn morefree shippingonline only. exclusions apply.detailshelp save youth sportsevery kid deserves a chance to play donateconnect with us & savesign up for email and get 10% off*email addresssign up*online only. first-time subscribers only. returning subscribers will be resubscribed for marketing/promo emails.want $20 off $100?join dick’s text alerts to receive special offers! exclusions apply. click for detailsneed more help?contact usscore more. give more. play more.gift cards & egift cardsgive the gift that always fits. shop gift cardsscorecard & scorecard goldearn one point for every $1 and get a $10 reward for every 300 points. learn morescorerewards® credit cardaccelerate your rewards and earn 2 points for every $1 on qualified purchases with a scorerewards credit card. learn morecompanyabout uscareersdonations & sponsorshipsthe dick’s foundationcommercials & filmsinvestor relationssustainabilitypress roomsuppliersteammate loginindex [ + ]servicesmy accountscorecard benefitsscorerewards credit cardcontact customer servicetrack your ordergift cardsrentalsmobile apppay with affirmpay with afterpayshopgamechangerfind a storestore servicespromos & couponsrebatesweekly adtop brandsresourcesreturns, exchanges & cancellationsshipping ratesbest price guaranteeproduct availability & pricepromo exclusionsrecallscpsia informationpro tipsonly at dick'sfeatured searchessite indexsports gear & equipmentworkout clothes & activewearfootwearaccessories & electronicsbikescallaway rogue collectionadidas running shoesnike mercurial soccer cleatsyeti cups, coolers & tumblersusa standard baseball batsadidas clothing & apparelcaliakayaksbest home workout equipmentbest sports bras 2020© 2021 dick's sporting goods*price promotions - due to manufacturer restrictions, select new release and other specified products are excluded from price promotions. additionally, there are restrictions on the use of coupon codes.if you are using a screen reader and are having problems using this website, please call 877-846-9997 for assistance.terms of useprivacy policyaccessibility policydo not sell my personal information – ca residents onlycalifornia disclosuressite feedback