来源URL: https://web.archive.org/web/20231223211054/https://www.dickssportinggoods.com/protips/article-type/buying-guides/best-holiday-gifts
================================================================================

best holiday gifts of 2023 sneaker release calendarsneaker release calendarpickup & deliverypickup & deliveryservicesservicesfind storesfind storestrack ordertrack orderhelphelpcancelfind a store‌delivery locationmy accountsign in to earn points0cartcancelthe holiday shopthe holiday shopsportssportsshoesshoeswomenwomenmenmenkidskidsexercise and wellnessexercise and wellnessoutdooroutdoorfan shopfan shopaccessoriesaccessoriestop brandstop brandssalesaleshop all giftstop giftsgift findergifts by priceskip to gifts $25 or lessgifts $50 or lessclothing & shoe giftsskip to shop allgifts for himgifts for hergifts for kidstrending in shoesstocking stuffersgifts for the familyoutdoor & games giftsgolf giftsfan shop giftssports giftsfitness giftsholiday outfitsskip to shop allmen's holiday outfitswomen's holiday outfitskids' holiday outfitsouterwear giftscozy giftsholiday dealsgift cardsholiday gift guideshop nowfeatured in holidaydrinkware giftsstocking stufferstrending in shoesholiday outfitsbogo cozy cabin socksclose sports & activities baseball basketball bikes & cycling camping & hiking exercise & fitness family fun football golf hunt & fish lacrosse racquet sports running size charts soccer softball volleyball water sports winter sports wrestling yoga & studio more sports pickleball article type checklists getting started buying guides skills & know-how training coach's tools finder tools resource centers ... pro tips article type buying guides best holiday gifts of 2023 best holiday gifts looking for the perfect gift? celebrate with these top picks from pro tips. november 02, 2023 looking for gifting inspiration? we’ve compiled a list of this year’s top christmas gifts and holiday gifts. find gift ideas for men, gifts for women and gifts for teens and kids from nike, yeti, stanley and more. plus, you can check out top picks for a variety of price ranges. there's something for everyone — from games you can play together to personal style and more. browse the entire article or use these links to jump to the gifts you’re shopping for! best gifts for men best gifts for women best gifts for kids best stocking stuffers best gifts for outdoors best sports gifts best fitness gifts best family gifts best gifts under $25 best gifts for men nike men's sportswear club fleece hoodie keep him comfortable all season long with this nike® men’s sportswear club fleece hoodie. designed with soft, brushed fleece material and classic hoodie details, this sweatshirt is perfect for the chilly days ahead. dress it up with jeans or layer it on post-workout — it may end up being one of his most-worn pieces. pair it with the matching joggers to complete the look. $ loose fit hoodieadjustable drawstring hood for the ideal coverageribbed hem and cuffs for a stay-in-place fit learn more add to cart also check out women’s and kids’ nike hoodies, sweatpants and more. nike men's air force 1 '07 shoes score an iconic gift with the nike men's air force one sneakers. designed for performance or casual wear, this low-cut style has a cushioned midsole that provides maximum comfort during wear. the thick nike air midsole absorbs shock upon impact, and the flexible ankle region allows for a full range of motion. designed for collectors and athletes, it’s a great gift option because this style continues to make sneakerhead history year after year. $ low-cut fashion sneaker for performance or casual wearleather upper materials for super durability and longevitynike® air midsole cushioning for added comfortflexible collar allows for full range of motion learn more add to cart looking for more gift options? shoes make a great gift. check out the nike air force 1 collection, nike lebron 21, on cloudmonster and adidas samba. best gifts for women nike sportswear women's phoenix fleece high-waisted oversized sweatpants cozy up this season with these oversized, high-rise sweatpants. the legs are extra roomy for premium comfort. plus, the elongated ribbing at the waistband delivers an elevated look. they’re smooth on the outside and soft on the inside thanks to brushed fleece material, which comes in tons of colors. if you’re looking for another trendy option, check out the wide-leg version of these sweatpants. finish the look with the matching oversized hoodie or oversized crewneck. $ oversized fit for a baggy, spacious feelhigh rise—sits at your natural waistsmooth on the outside and cozy on the inside, brushed fleece is the go-to material for colder temperaturesthe legs have extra room to create a fit that's comfy and relaxed learn more add to cart gear up the whole family with men’s and kids’ nike hoodies, sweatpants and more. women's air jordan 1 basketball shoes for basketballers and trendsetters alike, air jordan shoes are iconic year after year. pair them with casual sweats for an off-duty look, with jeans for an elevated athletic style, or rep them on the court. these shoes are made with a full-grain leather upper and thick foam cushioning for durability and comfort. price varies real and synthetic leathertextile tongue feels soft and comfortableair-sole unit provides lightweight cushioning shop women's air jordans check out our full collection of air jordan 1 shoes. plus, we think you'll like these trending styles: nike sabrina 1,  on cloudsurfer, and brooks ghost max. best gifts for kids jordan kids' mj essentials pullover hoodie add a pop of color or a new neutral to their wardrobe with the super comfy jordan hoodie. it features classic hoodie details, like a kangaroo front pouch, ribbed cuffs and brushed fleece fabric. pair this hoodie with other trending kids’ jordan styles. $ pullover long-sleeve hoodierelaxed fit for extra comfortable wearsuper soft brushed fleece fabricribbed cuffs and hem learn more add to cart nike kids' grade school air max 270 shoes this kids’ nike air max 270’s athletic look makes for the perfect present. these sneakers are updated to deliver modern comfort and maintain elements of the original air max 180 dating back to 1991 and the air max 93 from 1993 to offer a cool look and feel. the visible max air unit adds responsive cushioning to keep your kiddo comfortable all day. $ mesh upper is engineered for structure, flex and ventilationbootie construction and asymmetrical lacing system creates secure fittpu heel counter creates smooth transition to max air heel unitclear rubber on the heel highlights the max air unit learn more add to cart check out more nike air max styles for the whole family, plus more great gifts for kids, like the nike flex runner, the latest from crocs, air jordan 1 and nike blazer. best stocking stuffers stanley 40 oz. quencher h2.0 flowstate tumbler for someone who has everything (or even already has a stanley !) this is the perfect gift. it’s been trending since its viral launch and now comes in fresh colors, so you can choose a personalized hue for everyone on your list. made with recycled stainless steel, this tumbler features an ergonomic handle and fits into your car’s cupholder. plus, it’s perfect for winter months, keeping drinks warm for seven hours or cold for 11 hours. choose from the 40 oz. or 30 oz.options. $ exclusive colors! camelia, camelia gradient, twilight, twilight gradient, pine & pine gradientcompatible with cup holdersdouble-wall insulationcomfort-grip handle learn more add to cart yeti 35 oz. rambler mug with straw lid built to house 35 oz. of your favorite cold beverages, this hydrator is a perfect present for anyone on your list. cup holder-compatible, this mug is supremely insulated and with an elevated handle, is perfect for all-day hydration, no matter where life takes you. and with the yeti fan-favorite straw lid, you can say goodbye to single-use plastic straws. when you’re finally done with the day, toss both the mug and lid in the dishwasher to prep for tomorrow’s nonstop use. $ cupholder compatiblereusable strawdishwasher safedouble-wall vacuum insulation learn more add to cart yeti 18 oz. rambler bottle with color-matched straw cap from morning hikes, kayak trips, and daily commutes, this water bottle goes wherever you go. this bottle brings style and function. the color-matched straw gives it a monochromatic look and the cap is made to be leak-resistant. plus, the triplehaul™ handle makes it easy to transport. this bottle is over-engineered and double-wall insulated to keep your water cold until the last sip, and it’s dishwasher safe for easy cleaning. $ duracoat™ color coating is built to last with no chipping, fading or cracking18/8 kitchen-grade stainless steel construction for extreme durabilitydouble-wall vacuum insulation keeps your beverage hot or cold for longerno sweat™ design prevents condensation to keep your hands dry learn more add to cart yeti 24 oz. rambler mug with magslider lid nothing is better than cozying up during the holidays, so this mug makes a great gift. it’s made with kitchen-grade stainless steel for extreme durability, double-wall vacuum to keep drinks hot or cold and a duracoat™ coating for no chipping. sip easily with the magslider™ magnetic lid and keep your hands dry with the no sweat™ design. plus, it’s dishwasher safe! $ stainless-steel constructiondouble-wall vacuum insulation360-degree welded handle24 oz. capacity learn more add to cart lined crocs you can’t go wrong with a cozy holiday gift. this one is just like the popular crocs classic clogs, but with a warm, fuzzy liner. they offer all-day comfort and support, even through cooler temps. these roomy slip-on clogs feature the traditional lightweight foam construction plus a soft lining that helps keep feet warm, whether you wear them outside or as slippers around the house. price varies warm, fuzzy linerdual crocs comfort™ cushioned footbed paired with croslite™ foam outsolepivoting heel straps let you choose between clog and slide styles shop all lined crocs classic crocs for a great all-around gift, opt for these classic crocs. they’re extremely lightweight, odor-resistant and water-friendly. their ergonomic design allows flexibility and natural expansion of the foot, providing a super-comfortable wear. these are perfect for around the house, running errands, school days and more. plus, you can customize them with fun jibbitz™ charms. price varies extremely lightweight, odor-resistant and water-friendly constructionergonomic design allows flexibility and natural expansion of the footcrocs roomy fit™ offers generous fit shop all classic crocs best gifts for the outdoors yeti hopper m20 soft backpack cooler keep your hands free on any adventure with this backpack-shaped cooler. made for comfort, this yeti can carry up to 36 cans of your favorite beverage. it features an easy-to-use magnetic closure and has an accessible wide-mouth opening. and when you’re not grabbing a drink, the top folds over and clips with two buckles so you can keep your cooler contents secure during any excursion. $ fits 36 cans (only)fits 22 lbs. of ice (only)magnetic closurewide mouth opening learn more add to cart check out our full collection of yeti hopper coolers! yeti roadie 24 cooler this yeti roadie® 24 hard cooler is 10 percent lighter, holds 20 percent more and offers 30 percent more insulation power than ever before. plus, it’s sized to fit (most) bottles of wine upright and can squeeze in nicely behind the front seat of a car. as the ultimate road trip companion, any adventurer would love this gift. $ fits 33 cans (only)fits 26 lbs of ice (only)wine bottle compatiblefits behind driver’s seat of a careasy to carry learn more add to cart yeti roadie 48 wheeled cooler a gift the whole fam can use? this cooler from yeti®. the telescoping periscope™ handle and neverflat™ wheels make getting through crowds and tough terrain easy, even when fully packed. with enough capacity for 76 cans, this cooler is great for tailgates or a day out with the whole crew. this wheeled cooler is built to last a lifetime and hold ice for days thanks to its permafrost™ insulation. $ fits 76 cans (only)fits 54 lbs of ice (only)wine bottle compatiblecomes with one dry goods basketperiscope handle learn more add to cart gt adult aggressor pro mountain bike give the gift of exploration with the gt adult aggressor pro mountain bike. perfect for rocky terrain, winding single-track and anything else that comes your way on the dirt trails. this bike is constructed with a 6061-t6 aluminum triple triangle frame and a 80mm travel suspension fork— giving you premium durability and handling. mechanical disc brakes provide consistent, reliable stopping power and you’ll enjoy the 3x8-speed drivetrain. $ designed for trail-rides3x8-speed drivetrainperfect for beginner ridersmechanical disc brakes learn more add to cart explore our full collection of gt bikes. solo stove mesa xl fire pit gather ‘round the fire with this smokeless tabletop fire pit. it’s perfectly designed for backyard surfaces or urban settings thanks to its portable size. this fire pit is built with stainless steel ceramic materials, has an extended burn time of 45-60 minutes and provides a two to three foot heat radius (perfect for roasting up to four marshmallows simultaneously!). this small but mighty pit comes with a mesa stand designed to protect your tabletop. pair this gift with the solo stove mini oak firewood so they can light their first fire immediately. $ tabletop firepit built with 304 stainless steel ceramic materialsdual fuel capability accommodates wood up to 7 in. long and up to 1000 grams of pelletscomes with pellet adapter that lets you burn your choice of pellets or traditional firewood learn more add to cart and, check out our full solo stove assortment. best gifts for athletes louisville slugger atlas bbcor bat 2024 (-3) up your baseball player’s game with this bbcor bat. designed with the help of artificial intelligence, it is made with an optimized wall design along the entire length of the barrel. it also features variable barrel thickness along its entire length that creates a massive sweet spot. perfect for the high school or collegiate player on your list. $ evoke alloy barrel: designed with the help of artificial intelligence using thousands of computer simulations, resulting in an optimized wall design along the entire length of the barrel.spd-gen2 end cap: designed with lightweight, composite materials to optimize barrel performance. learn more add to cart monarch dragon slayer pickleball set nothing beats the gift of playing together. strike up your next pickle ball match with this dynamic set of monarch dragon slayer paddles. the set includes two dragon slayer paddles, two usapa approved tournament outdoor pickleballs and a lightweight drawstring bag. $ 2 dragon slayer paddleswell-balanced composite constructionlightweightmonarch polycore with a fiberglass surface learn more add to cart athletes will love more of these top sports gifts. best gifts for fitness lovers sole f80 treadmill (2023) this year’s top treadmill pick features a clean design with a stable steel z frame, large powerful motor and an interactive display. it comes equipped with a wide 22 x 60” running surface, a new 10.1” touch screen that connects you to a variety of workouts and garmin connect. plus, you can have your entertainment at your fingertips with its built-in tablet holder, cooling fans and wireless 2amp charging pad. $ dick's sporting goods exclusive3.5 hp motor10." touchscreen display0.5-12 mph0-15% incline learn more add to cart support all of their fitness goals with more fitness gifts. best family gifts prince challenger table tennis table the best gift? spending time together. create new memories with the entire family with this table tennis table. it’s portable and features one-fold construction for easy storage. plus, it’s fast and easy to set up for immediate play. get ready for your family tournament. $ portable and durable table tennis tableclean, classic design that adds the perfect touch to any game room spacefast and easy assembly for immediate playconveniently sized to fit in more living and storage spaces learn more add to cart goaliath 54'' prodigy in-ground basketball hoop this hoop is ready for all your at-home games. it features a 54” tempered glass backboard with regulation-sized basketball shooting square. and it’s great for the whole family because the height adjusts from 7.5’ to 10’. plus, if you move, you can unbolt and relocate the hoop to your new home. make new memories with this awesome in-ground goaliath in-ground hoop. $ 54” tempered glass backboard with regulation-sized basketball shooting squareupgraded lower board arms and pole lock technology for increased strength and stabilityall-steel precise height adjustment easily adjusts to accommodate playing of varying sizes learn more add to cart surprise them with something unexpected. shop all of our favorite gifts for the family. gifts under $25 carhartt acrylic watch hat elevate any casual look while also bringing the warmth and comfort with this stretchable rib-knit hat. the carhartt acrylic watch hat comes in over 30 colors, so you’re sure to find something that’ll look great with anyone’s individual style. this also makes a great stocking stuffer! $ stretchable rib-knit fabriccarhartt label sewn on frontmade in the usa with imported partscountry of origin : united states of america learn more add to cart cabin socks for a one-size-fits-all gift, look no further than these cozy cabin socks. they’re great stocking stuffers or gift exchange options because of their affordable price, variety of prints and super-soft feel. stock up on these for all your last-minute gifting needs. price varies warm, fuzzy linerdual crocs comfort™ cushioned footbed paired with croslite™ foam outsolepivoting heel straps let you choose between clog and slide styles shop cabin socks didn’t find what you are looking for? browse our full selection at our holiday shop. we also have a great list of top gifts for the golfer on your list! explore gifts gifts for him gifts for her gifts for kids stocking stuffers gifts by price related articles best holiday deals at dick's sporting goods best water bottles of 2023: tested & reviewed best pickleball paddles best golf irons of 2023 give the gift of sport shop now {{productplacementtitle}} best price guaranteeif you find a lower price, we’ll match it.learn morefree one-hour pickupcurbside or in-storelearn morefree shippingexclusions and minimum order values may apply.detailshelp save youth sportsevery kid deserves a chance to play donateconnect with us & savesign up for email and get 10% off*email addresssign up*online only. first-time subscribers only. returning subscribers will be resubscribed for marketing/promo emails.want $20 off $100?join dick’s text alerts to receive special offers! exclusions apply. click for detailsneed more help?contact usscore more. give more. play more.gift cards & egift cardsgive the gift that always fits. shop gift cardsscorecard & scorecard goldearn one point for every $1 and get a $10 reward for every 300 points. learn morescorerewards® credit cardaccelerate your rewards and earn 2 points for every $1 on qualified purchases with a scorerewards credit card. learn morecompanyabout uscareersdonations & sponsorshipsthe dick's foundationdiversity, equity, & inclusioncommercials & filmsinvestor relationssustainabilitypress roomsuppliersteammate loginservicesmy accountscorecard benefitsscorerewards credit cardcontact customer servicetrack your ordergift cardsmobile apppay with affirmpay with afterpayshopgamechangerfind a storestore servicespromos & couponsrebatesshoppable video librarytop brandspopular categoriesresourcesreturns, exchanges & cancellationsshipping ratesbest price guaranteeproduct availability & pricepromo exclusionsrecallsbrand warrantiessecuritycpsia informationpro tipsonly at dick's© 2023 dick's sporting goods*price promotions - due to manufacturer restrictions, select new release and other specified products are excluded from price promotions. additionally, there are restrictions on the use of coupon codes.if you are using a screen reader and are having problems using this website, please call 877-846-9997 for assistance.terms of useprivacy policyaccessibility policyyour privacy choicescalifornia disclosuressite feedback