来源URL: https://web.archive.org/web/20151229020633/http://www.inkedshop.com/blog/
================================================================================

inkedshop blog back to top javascript seems to be disabled in your browser. you must have javascript enabled in your browser to utilize the functionality of this website. my bag keep shopping checkout recently added item(s) × you have no items in your shopping cart. my account log in gift cards close menu my account log in gift cards gift guidesbackgift guidesbest sellersxxxmasfor the homeskullsstocking stuffersfor herfor himkidsview all gift guidesgift guidesshop nownewdealsbackdealsdaily deals99¢ salecontrosedirty shirtyswitchblade stilettodemi loon & rodeo foxkreepsville 666black marketclearancegift cardinked card.com mastercard®view all dealsdealsshop nowwomen'sbackwomen'sapparelbackapparelteestankstopshoodies + sweatshirtssweatersdressesswimwearshortsskirtsleggings + tightspantsintimates(more)accessoriesbackaccessoriesscarves bags + backpacks clutches + walletshandbags(more)footwearbackfootwearflats heels bootsplatformsjewelrybackjewelrybraceletsearringsnecklacesringsview all women'swomen'sshop nowmen'sbackmen'sapparelbackapparelteestanksshirtshoodies + sweatshirtsjackets(more)accessoriesbackaccessoriesbags + backpackssneakerswalletsjewelryview all men'smen'sshop nowkidsaccessoriesbackaccessoriesbody jewelryhats + beaniespetsbandanasbelts + bucklesglovesphone casestoysview all accessoriesaccessoriesshop nowhome goodsbackhome goodsbeddingcandlesdécordrinkwarekitchenlampspillowsshower curtainstowelsview all home goodshome goodsshop nowmagsart & booksshop bybrandbackshop by brandinkedinkedwell7th revolutionabandon apparelabaoaesop originalsafflictionakumu inkalchemy of englandalkemie & artistryanenbergangry blossomannex clothingbadcock jonesbanjo and cakebanned apparelbat house designbeautiful disasterbedroom storiesbettie page™ shoesblack hope curseblack labelblack market artblack roses apparelblue bayer designcartel inkconscious childrencontrosecouture by lolitadavid & goliathdemi loondirty shirtydouble trouble appareldpcted appareldynomightyevery body jewelryfamous stars & strapsfemme metalefifty5 clothingfolter clothingfred & friendsfukitt clothinggadgets and geargirls gone bikerglam girlglitz apparelgoodie two sleeveshadeshan choloharebrained!hearts & rosesheathen clothinghemetidiot cultindex inkinkaddictinox jewelryiron fistjawbreakerjessica louisejuicy lucykill citykitsch 'n' kouturekreepsville 666kush kills clothingkustom kreepslamp in a boxla rebellethal angellethal threat designslil poopie nationlip service clothinglost apostleloungeflylowbrow art co.lucky 13marvelmetal mulishamindzai creativemojo backpacksthe moon cultnemesis watch inc.og abelpacific tradingpinky pinupspinky starpleaserpsychodoll clothingpyknicred devil clothingretro-a-go-gothe rise and fallrockin' bonesrocklove jewelryrodeo foxrudechixrush couturesailor jerryse7en deadlyserpentine clothingsik worldsin in linenskeleton candlesskygraphxsourpusssteadfast brandstrange childrensullen clothingsummit collectionswitchblade stilettotaylorsaystoo fast clothingtrixie & milothe t-shirt whoret.u.k. shoestwisted apparelvoodoo vixenyru(more)view all shop by brand customer service my account international shipping current sales & promotions return policy contact customer service about us privacy policy terms of use inked network inked inked girls freshly inked inked shop bound by ink inked shop newsletter we’d love to keep in touch with you, as we have a lot going on. subscribe to our newsletter and always be the first to hear about what is happening at the inked shop. stay connected inked blog instagram home / inkedshop blog tramp stamps: everything you always wanted to know (but were afraid to ask) march 23, 2015 tags: tramp stamp tattoo ass bullseye butterfly history questions answers lbt back ah! the tramp stamp! this derogatory (and slightly misogynistic) term refers to tattoos that sit at the base of the spine -- an area usually covered by jeans, pants, or a skirt. given the advent of low-rise jeans and midriff tops during the late ‘90s and early aughts, many of these formerly-under-wraps tattoos became more visible. this change in fashion and baring of previously private ink in an intimate spot lead to these tattoos being dubbed “tramp stamps.”you may have questions about tramp stamps. well, we’ve got answers to some of the most commonly asked questions about tramp stamps, as well as some tramp-tastic tidbits about this much-maligned tattoo and its popularity among celebrities, tattoo artists, and tattoo lovers alike.read more presidential ink: u.s. presidents and their tattoos february 16, 2015 no one really wants to grow up, but you can be anything you want when you grow up. you can be tattooed. you can be president. and you can even be a tattooed president. in fact, some of the nation’s former presidents have been tattooed themselves. in addition to taking a look at some u.s. leaders who had ink of their own, we’ll speculate on what presidential tattoos some other past prezzes might have had if they were still kickin’ it in the oval office today. let’s take a trip through the hallowed halls of history and tap a creative vein to dream up some tattoo concepts for former leaders who might have been “candidates” for ink.read more what you need for a tattoo themed wedding february 6, 2015 tags: romance love valentine marriage wedding bride groom first comes love, then comes marriage: your guide to planning a tattoo themed weddingaccording to an american express survey, over six million couples get engaged on valentine’s day. if you’re planning to pop the question this february 14th, it may not be the most original idea, but you can more than make up for it by planning a wedding that reflects your own unique love story and makes for a memorable day for your family and friends.screw hiring a wedding planner! we’ll walk you through each step of planning a romantic tattoo themed wedding that celebrates your love for each other and shows off who you are as individual halves of a greater whole. check out inkedshop’s tips for planning the sweetest, sickest tattooed wedding ever.read more star wars tattoos and q&a with artist shawn patton february 4, 2015 tags: russian matryoshka nesting doll star wars darth vader r2-d2 r2d2 chewy chewbacca boba fett c-3po c3po stormtrooper yoda skywalker ewok wicket wystri warrick han tusken tattooine leia hoth death star red squadron millenium falcon shawn patton shawn patton is an award winning tattoo artist straight outa compton, er, cleveland. he specializes in american traditional tattoos, and recently embarked on a journey from a long long time ago in a galaxy far far away. that journey was to tattoo the most badass characters from one of the most iconic sci-fi films of all time: star wars. so we decided to sit down with shawn to find out more about this out-of-this-world artistic endeavour.read more show us your ink: musical tattoo contest with punktastic january 29, 2015 tags: punk rock music contest punktastic pop punk hardcore metal emo inked shop is teaming up with the good folks over at punktastic in a search for the most rad music related tattoos. whether it be punk, rock, punk rock, or anything in between, we want to see it! don’t be bashful – we’ll even consider a tattoo of katy perry lyrics to the song firework, as long as they’re inked in a way that is unique!read more japanese tattoo symbolism: classic images, complex meanings january 12, 2015 japanese tattoos have a long, rich history.  within japanese culture, they've been designated as marks of status and marks of shame, as well as an indicator of the wearer's past or his or her aspirations. from traditional irezumi bodysuits to comparatively smaller pieces, traditional japanese tattoos are steeped in symbolism. what initially appears as simple imagery, these colorful tattoos are packed with personal and historical meaning.no history of japanese tattoos would be complete without an exploration of japanese tattoo meanings and symbols. from dragons to tigers to koi (oh, my!), we'll explore the symbolism behind some of the most recognizable designs in japanese inkography.read more what is your 2015 #tattooyearsresolution january 2, 2015 tags: #tattooyearsresolutions new years resolution “a new year! a new you!” barf. what’s wrong with the old you? don’t get us wrong. it’s admirable to try to make each new year better than the one before. however, most new years’ resolutions either set the bar unrealistically high or make you feel awful when you take stock of all the broken promises you’ve made to yourself. (usually by february).but not this year, muchachos! instead of making lame new year’s resolutions, we propose making some #tattooyearsresolutions and giving your goals a fresh, ink-ified spin. whether you’re a tattoo artist, an ink lover, or a tattoo virgin, we’ll help you set yourself up for less of a letdown with tattoo year’s resolutions to make life a little more colorful this year… and throw in a few shameless plugs for cool items to help you achieve your black heart's desires in 2015. read more tattoo fonts & scripts - a history of tattoo lettering december 4, 2014 tell someone you’re getting a “script tattoo,” and each person you talk to will have a completely different mental image of your intended design. from getting a loved one’s name inked on you to a meaningful quote etched on your skin for perpetuity, script provides the backbone for some of the most popular tattoo designs today. each ink collector has a preference for a style of script that speaks to their personal aesthetic.read more gifts for tattoo lovers - the inked shop tattoo gift guide december 1, 2014 with the holidays in our crosshairs, the opportunity to purchase gifts for friends and relatives looms on the horizon. say “buh-bye” to having extra cash on-hand and “hello” to encountering holiday shoppers bent on bludgeoning a fellow patron over the last blu-ray player on sale.read more sort by created at added by inkedshop blog recent posts tramp stamps: everything you always wanted to know (but were afraid to ask) presidential ink: u.s. presidents and their tattoos what you need for a tattoo themed wedding star wars tattoos and q&a with artist shawn patton show us your ink: musical tattoo contest with punktastic japanese tattoo symbolism: classic images, complex meanings what is your 2015 #tattooyearsresolution tattoo fonts & scripts - a history of tattoo lettering gifts for tattoo lovers - the inked shop tattoo gift guide tags #tattooyearsresolutions punk romance russian tramp inked network inked inked girls freshly inked inked shop bound by ink customer service my account international shipping current sales & promotions return policy contact customer service about us privacy policy terms of use inked shop newsletter we’d love to keep in touch with you, as we have a lot going on. subscribe to our newsletter and always be the first to hear about what is happening at the inked shop. stay connected about inkedshop the inked shop provides tattoo clothing, tattoo merchandise, tattoo artwork and tattoo inspired home goods that reflect our brand and are available at the click of a mouse. the inked shop offers a curated selection of inked exclusive gear and styles from designers we love. merchandise featured in the pages of inked magazine can be found within the inked shop, providing a seamless shopping experience from page to screen. © 2015 quadramedia llc - all rights reserved - site map