来源URL: https://web.archive.org/web/20250419204035/https://www.factoryauthorizedoutlet.com/pages/policies
================================================================================

menu cancel view cart brands tools & equipment power tools batteries & chargers caulking & adhesive guns combo kits cut out tools cutters demolition hammers drills drill presses grease guns grinders heat guns impact drivers impact wrenches joiners and jointers lathes nailers & staplers oscillating multi-tools planers ratchets rotary hammers rotary tools routers sanders saws shears air tools dryers grinders impact wrenches inflators nailers & staplers reels air compressors hand tools axes bolt cutters chisels clamps crimpers hammers knives nailers & staplers nippers & snips pliers pry bars ratchets saws sockets screwdrivers wrenches drywall tools heating & cooling fans purifiers jacks & hoists hoists jacks jigs jobsite radios measuring tools diagnostic tools & testers lasers laser distance measurers levels measuring tapes safety & work gear safety gear heated gear shirts, jackets & hats tool belts & aprons storage & organization dewalt toughsystem milwaukee packout tool storage saw horses work benches coolers work lights specialty tools specialty power tools specialty woodworking tools specialty masonry tools specialty metalworking tools plumbing tools drain snakes inspection cameras plumbing speciality tools electrician tools diagnostic tools & testers electrician specialty tools more tools dust collection milling machines material handling mixers sharpeners welding tools vacuums vises tool accessories drill accessories grinder accessories impact driver accessories rotary hammer accessories router accessories sander accessories saw accessories generators dual fuel generators tri fuel generators diesel generators gasoline generators inverter generators standby generators welding generators transfer switches geninterlock kits generators by usage home backup generators jobsite generators recreational generators generator accessories generator covers maintenance kits parallel kits power cords wheel kits generator parts portable power stations lawn & outdoor power blower-vacuums & mulchers chainsaws chainsaws chainsaw chains chainsaw bars chainsaw accessories engines hedge trimmers hedge trimmers hedge trimmer accessories lawn mowers walk behind mowers lawn mower accessories outdoor sprayers pressure washers pressure washers pressure washer accessories pruners pole saws specialty lawn equipment specialty power equipment string trimmers & edgers string trimmers & edgers string trimmer/edger accessories tillers fuel transfer pumps water & trash pumps pumps pump accessories automotive air compressors buffers and polishers fuel transfer pumps jacks & hoists mechanics sets automotive specialty tools home goods popcorn machines popcorn packs hotdog rollers cotton candy machines deals menu close brands tools & equipment power tools batteries & chargers caulking & adhesive guns combo kits cut out tools cutters demolition hammers drills drill presses grease guns grinders heat guns impact drivers impact wrenches joiners and jointers lathes nailers & staplers oscillating multi-tools planers ratchets rotary hammers rotary tools routers sanders saws shears air tools dryers grinders impact wrenches inflators nailers & staplers reels air compressors hand tools axes bolt cutters chisels clamps crimpers hammers knives nailers & staplers nippers & snips pliers pry bars ratchets saws sockets screwdrivers wrenches drywall tools heating & cooling fans purifiers jacks & hoists hoists jacks jigs jobsite radios measuring tools diagnostic tools & testers lasers laser distance measurers levels measuring tapes safety & work gear safety gear heated gear shirts, jackets & hats tool belts & aprons storage & organization dewalt toughsystem milwaukee packout tool storage saw horses work benches coolers work lights specialty tools specialty power tools specialty woodworking tools specialty masonry tools specialty metalworking tools plumbing tools drain snakes inspection cameras plumbing speciality tools electrician tools diagnostic tools & testers electrician specialty tools more tools dust collection milling machines material handling mixers sharpeners welding tools vacuums vises tool accessories drill accessories grinder accessories impact driver accessories rotary hammer accessories router accessories sander accessories saw accessories generators dual fuel generators tri fuel generators diesel generators gasoline generators inverter generators standby generators welding generators transfer switches geninterlock kits generators by usage home backup generators jobsite generators recreational generators generator accessories generator covers maintenance kits parallel kits power cords wheel kits generator parts portable power stations lawn & outdoor power blower-vacuums & mulchers chainsaws chainsaws chainsaw chains chainsaw bars chainsaw accessories engines hedge trimmers hedge trimmers hedge trimmer accessories lawn mowers walk behind mowers lawn mower accessories outdoor sprayers pressure washers pressure washers pressure washer accessories pruners pole saws specialty lawn equipment specialty power equipment string trimmers & edgers string trimmers & edgers string trimmer/edger accessories tillers fuel transfer pumps water & trash pumps pumps pump accessories automotive air compressors buffers and polishers fuel transfer pumps jacks & hoists mechanics sets automotive specialty tools home goods popcorn machines popcorn packs hotdog rollers cotton candy machines deals customer care about us contact us shipping and delivery businesses and professionals faqs warranty information policies returns request track your order blogs pages of interest deals corner dewalt power tools milwaukee power tools milwaukee packout builder makita power tools makita rule the outdoors bosch power tools duromax power how much power do i need? portable vs standby home generators generac generators log in need help? call: 1-888-814-0096 policies policies price match policy factory authorized outlet strives to be your ultimate shopping destination by providing the best service at great prices. we are committed to ensuring we give you the best prices on all your purchases. if you find an item priced lower than us online, please contact us through live chat or at 1-888-814-0096 and allow us to match or beat that price. how do i request a price match? price matching is available via our live chat or we can be contacted at 1-888-814-0096 and one of customer service representatives will be able to assist you. please have the website link or advertisement handy so we may verify the pricing and adjust it for you accordingly. price match limitations item must be in stock and available for purchase from the competitor at the time of the price match request. however, items do not need to be in stock on factory authorized outlet for price match. price matching will apply to authorized retailers and/or distributors of product. the item must be identical in size, quantity, model, and color. customers are limited to one price matched item per day. rainchecks are not offered for items out of stock – order must be placed when requesting a price match, price may not be honored at a future time. unfortunately, these conditions do not allow for price matches. customized or special configuration products. clearance and liquidation prices. out of stock / pre-order items financed offers or payment plan pricing. flash sale, deal of the day or limited quantity offers. rebates, free offers, or one-time use promotions. refurbished, demonstration, distressed, open-box, or reconditioned products. pricing requiring a minimum quantity purchase or volume discount. pricing errors, misprints, typographical errors, or mistakes. sales tax is excluded. pickup in store discounts. membership based wholesalers. no price matches during special events (black friday / cyber monday etc.) items on auction or shipped by and sold by third-party marketplace sellers. sales and promotions policy limit one free gift per order. discount is shown at checkout. discounts apply to merchandise only; excludes tax and shipping. cannot be combined with any other order level discount. valid on select items. no adjustments to previous purchases. valid on in stock items only. subject to change without notice. giveaways policy void where prohibited. no purchase necessary. odds of winning vary but are based on number of eligible entries received. open to all legal residents 18 and older who reside in the lower 48 states (excludes residents of alaska, hawaii, and puerto rico.) this promotion is not sponsored, endorsed, administered or associated with facebook. by entering you understand and agree your entry is being shared with factory authorized outlet / imperial industrial supply. by entering in to this promotion you agree to a full and complete release of facebook for and claims or damages. return and exchange policy at factory authorized outlet, we want you to be happy and satisfied with your purchase. our return policy gives you 45 days from the day you receive your purchase, to either exchange, receive store credit, or get a refund. all you have to do is ship the product back to us. return policy your item must be in new, unused condition, and with the original packaging. a return merchandise authorization (rma) must be obtained for all returns a few exceptions: power equipment (products that use gas and oil) – power equipment products are not eligible for return once it has been oiled or gassed. once oiled or gassed it cannot be shipped by law. factory authorized outlet will help facilitate the repair of the product. it needs to be taken to an authorized service center for any repairs or technical assistance, which may be covered under warranty. there are no exceptions to this rule. any food or food-related product cannot be returned for health, safety, and sanitary reasons. factory authorized outlet will exhaust all options to make sure the product works and that you are satisfied. clearance items are final sale and cannot be returned. scratch and dent items are final sale* and cannot be returned. special order / built to order items will have a 35% restocking fee. customized products cannot be returned. final sale* factory authorized outlet does not accept returns of items marked scratch/dent or recondition/refurbished conditions on outdoor power equipment. due to the nature of these items, they are unique in the type of imperfections they may possess. the items are sold in “as-is” condition and are guaranteed to be fully functional. if there is an issue with your product, our service technicians will walk you through any troubleshooting and are able to get you any necessary parts. tems that are sold in these conditions and returned to factory authorized outlet, will not be accepted for delivery and may lead to additional costs for the buyer. damaged and/or defective? if your item was received damaged or defective, we will either fix the product or exchange for a replacement. all items will be inspected and/or tested upon return. upon inspection, if your product is not defective or damaged, you may be responsible for the shipping cost of the returned product to you or a refund minus a 20% stocking fee. all products must be returned with original packaging, accessories, and documentation. a return merchandise authorization (rma) may be obtained by calling our customer service team at 1-888-814-0096, or by info@factoryauthorizedoutlet.com with your order information. factory authorized outletc/o returns department5798 ontario mills pkwyontario, ca 91764 usa changed your mind? call our customer service team at 1-888-814-0096 to request a return merchandise authorization (rma) pack up your item, insure your package, and send to our fulfillment center. once returned in resalable condition, we can issue a full store credit or issue a refund for 80% of the purchase price after shipping. factory authorized outletc/o returns department5798 ontario mills pkwyontario, ca 91764 usa want an exchange? call our customer service team at 1-888-814-0096 to request a return merchandise authorization (rma) and to discuss the product that you would like to receive. pack up your item, insure your package, and send to our fulfillment center. once returned in resalable condition, we will contact you to have your new item shipped. factory authorized outletc/o returns department5798 ontario mills pkwyontario, ca 91764 usa ----- this website ("website") is operated by factory authorized outlet. this privacy policy only covers information collected at this website, and does not cover any information collected offline by factory authorized outlet. factory authorized outlet security personal information provided on the website and online credit card transactions are transmitted through a secure server. we are committed to handling your personal information with high standards of information security. we take appropriate physical, electronic, and administrative steps to maintain the security and accuracy of personally identifiable information we collect. our website uses encryption technology, like secure sockets layer (ssl), to protect your personal information during data transport. ssl encrypts ordering information such as your name, address, and credit card number. our customer care center and stores also operate over a private, secure network. privacy policy factoryauthorizedoutlet.com respects our customers right to privacy and provide this privacy policy to inform you of the following: how we collect information on the factory authorized outlet site. the types of information we collect on the factory authorized outlet site. how we use information we collect. the instances under which factory authorized outlet may disclose information gathered on the factory authorized outlet site to third parties. your rights and choices available to you on the factory authorized outlet site regarding the collection and use of your information. security procedures that we have implemented to protect your personal information for purposes of this privacy policy, “personal data” or also known as personal information or personally identifiable information is any information relating to an identifiable person. we recommend you review this privacy policy before using the factory authorized outlet site. by accessing or using this website, you agree to this privacy policy. this policy is subject to change and your continued use of this website after we make changes is deemed to be acceptance and understanding of those changes, be sure to check the policy periodically for updates.if you have any questions or concerns regarding this privacy policy or the factory authorized outlet site, you should contact us. sms / text message terms of service last updated: jan. 21, 2025 the factory authorized outlet mobile message service (the "service") is operated by factory authorized outlet  (“factory authorized outlet”, “fao” “we”, or “us”). your use of the service constitutes your agreement to these terms and conditions (“mobile terms”). we may modify or cancel the service or any of its features without notice. to the extent permitted by applicable law, we may also modify these mobile terms at any time and your continued use of the service following the effective date of any such changes shall constitute your acceptance of such changes. by consenting to factory authorized outlet’s sms/text messaging service, you agree to receive recurring sms/text messages from and on behalf of factory authorized outlet through your wireless provider to the mobile number you provided, even if your mobile number is registered on any state or federal do not call list. text messages may be sent using an automatic telephone dialing system or other technology. service-related messages may include updates, alerts, and information (e.g., order updates, account alerts, etc.). promotional messages may include promotions, specials, and other marketing offers (e.g., cart reminders). you understand that you do not have to sign up for this program in order to make any purchases, and your consent is not a condition of any purchase with factory authorized outlet. your participation in this program is completely voluntary. we do not charge for the service, but you are responsible for all charges and fees associated with text messaging imposed by your wireless provider. message frequency varies. message and data rates may apply. check your mobile plan and contact your wireless provider for details. you are solely responsible for all charges related to sms/text messages, including charges from your wireless provider. you may opt-out of the service at any time. text the single keyword command stop to 463-78  or click the unsubscribe link (where available) in any text message to cancel. you'll receive a one-time opt-out confirmation text message. no further messages will be sent to your mobile device, unless initiated by you. if you have subscribed to other factory authorized outlet mobile message programs and wish to cancel, except where applicable law requires otherwise, you will need to opt out separately from those programs by following the instructions provided in their respective mobile terms. for service support or assistance, text help to 463-78 or email emailreply@factoryauthorizedoutlet.com. we may change any short code or telephone number we use to operate the service at any time and will notify you of these changes. you acknowledge that any messages, including any stop or help requests, you send to a short code or telephone number we have changed may not be received and we will not be responsible for honoring requests made in such messages. the wireless carriers supported by the service are not liable for delayed or undelivered messages. you agree to provide us with a valid mobile number. if you get a new mobile number, you will need to sign up for the program with your new number. to the extent permitted by applicable law, you agree that we will not be liable for failed, delayed, or misdirected delivery of any information sent through the service, any errors in such information, and/or any action you may or may not take in reliance on the information or service. we respect your right to privacy. to see how we collect and use your personal information, please see our privacy notice. by opting in to marketing texts, you consent to receive informational (e.g., order updates) and/or marketing texts (e.g., cart reminders) from factory authorized outlet including texts sent by autodialer. consent is not a condition of purchase. msg & data rates may apply. msg frequency varies. unsubscribe at any time by replying stop or clicking the unsubscribe link (where available). privacy policy & terms. ii.               email marketing terms of service last updated: jan. 21, 2025 the factory authorized outlet email marketing service (the "service") is operated by factory authorized outlet (“factory authorized outlet”,  “fao” “we”, or “us”). your use of the service constitutes your agreement to these terms and conditions (“mobile terms”). we may modify or cancel the service or any of its features without notice. to the extent permitted by applicable law, we may also modify these mobile terms at any time and your continued use of the service following the effective date of any such changes shall constitute your acceptance of such changes. by subscribing to factory authorized outlet’s email marketing program, you agree to receive recurring email messages from and on behalf of factory authorized outlet through your email service provider to the email address you provided. email messages may be sent using an automatic email marketing program. service-related messages may include updates, alerts, and information (e.g., order updates, account alerts, etc.). promotional messages may include promotions, specials, and other marketing offers (e.g., cart reminders). you understand that you do not have to subscribe for this program in order to make any purchases, and your consent is not a condition of any purchase with factory authorized outlet. your participation in this program is completely voluntary. we do not charge for the service. message frequency varies. you may opt-out of the service at any time. click the unsubscribe link (where available) in email to opt-out. no further marketing email messages will be sent to your email address, unless initiated by you. if you have subscribed to other factory authorized outlet mobile message programs and wish to cancel, except where applicable law requires otherwise, you will need to opt out separately from those programs by following the instructions provided in their respective mobile terms. for service support or assistance, text help to 463-78 or email emailreply@factoryauthorizedoutlet.com. we may change any email address or telephone number we use to operate the service at any time and will notify you of these changes. you acknowledge that any email messages you send to an email address or telephone number we have changed may not be received and we will not be responsible for honoring requests made in such messages. to the extent permitted by applicable law, you agree that we will not be liable for failed, delayed, or misdirected delivery of any information sent through the service, any errors in such information, and/or any action you may or may not take in reliance on the information or service. we respect your right to privacy. to see how we collect and use your personal information, please see our privacy notice. by opting in to marketing emails, you consent to receive informational (e.g., order updates) and/or marketing emails (e.g., cart reminders) from factory authorized outlet including emails sent by klaviyo and shopify. consent is not a condition of purchase. msg & data rates may apply. msg frequency varies. unsubscribe at any time by clicking the unsubscribe link (where available). privacy policy & terms. policy scope this privacy policy applies to your use of the factory authorized outlet site and factory authorized outlet’s use of information, including personal information, collected by or on behalf of factory authorized outlet through the factory authorized outlet site. for information regarding to the collection and use of information on factory authorized outlet or other third-party sites, please refer to the terms of use and policies provided by those websites. our information collection practices automatically collected information. when you visit the factory authorized outlet site to place an order, browse, read or download information, we may automatically collect and store the following types of non-personally identifiable information: information collected as server logs from information provided by your browser. click-through statistics. your ip address. the type of operating system you are using. the name of the domain and host from which you access the internet. the date and time you access factory authorized outlet sites. the internet address of the sites from which linked you directly to the factory authorized outlet site. voluntarily provided personal information. generally, you may browse the factory authorized outlet website without providing any personal information. however, we may ask you to provide personal information at various times and places on this website. in order to take full advantage and to utilize the full capabilities of the factory authorized outlet site and to use any of the features found on factory authorized outlet, including placing orders for products offered for sale on the factory authorized outlet site and receiving factory authorized outlet e-mail newsletters and exclusives, you must provide certain personal information. you may also provide personal information when you actively participate in various services and offerings on the factory authorized outlet site. personal information may include, without limitation: your name, mailing address, e-mail address, telephone number, fax number, billing information, credit card number and related information information concerning your interest, occupation, product usage and preferences. information regarding your feedback and inquiries to factory authorized outlet in addition, it is possible you may be asked to respond to surveys and additional questions to help us meet your needs. certain functionalities on the factory authorized outlet site, such as “email this page to a friend” feature may require you to provide information regarding third parties. likewise, of you request that a purchase order or gift be sent directly to an individual other than yourself, you will be also asked to submit information about the recipient of the order or gift. information warranty by providing personal information through the factory authorized outlet site, including personal information regarding individuals other than yourself, you warrant that (i) you have the authority to provide that personal information and to grant factory authorized outlet the right to use such personal information consistent with the terms described with this privacy policy, (ii) you have provided that personal information voluntarily, and (iii) you consent to the use of that personal information consistent with this privacy policy. use and disclosure of information use of non-personally identifiable information provided voluntarily by the user. by remaining opted in our e-mail and sms marketing list, you are acknowledging that we may sell, rent, share, trade or otherwise provide or transfer your non-personally identifiable information such as demographic and occupational information to third parties. such third parties may use such information for whatever purposes they wish or may transfer such information to other third parties according to their privacy policy. "we will not share your opt-in to an sms campaign with any third party for purposes unrelated to providing you with the services of that campaign. we may share your personal data, including your sms opt-in or consent status, with third parties that help us provide our messaging services, including but not limited to platform providers, phone companies, and any other vendors who assist us in the delivery of text messages." use of automatically collected information. automatically collected information through the factory authorized outlet site provides us with information regarding your use of the factory authorized outlet site, including which pages are the most popular with factory authorized outlet users. that information allows factory authorized outlet to determine if the factory authorized outlet site is working properly and to make changes to the factory authorized outlet site that allows users to have a better experience. we do not use that information to identify a particular user. business uses of information. factory authorized outlet uses personal information you provide to us for internal business purposes, such as (i) verification at login as a registered user, if applicable ; (ii) for marketing purposes; (iii) to contact you in regard to products or services that you have ordered or requested and to provide the same; (iv) for fulfillment of promotions, including but not limited to sweepstakes, contests, giveaways, or subscriptions that you have entered; (v) to process and ship orders; (vi) to send order and shipping confirmations; (vii) to provide customer service, respond to your request and inquiries and enhance product and service offerings; (viii) to keep records regarding orders, returns and exchanges; (ix) to protect both you and us against error and fraud; (x) to send information, product and service alerts and exclusive offers; (xi) to record usage of the factory authorized outlet sites; (xii) to adjust the factory authorized outlet site to your personal preferences; and (xiii) to customize advertising and factory authorized outlet marketing information regarding our products and services. we may also exchange information, including personal information, with other companies and organizations for credit fraud protection and risk reduction. service providers and vendors. your personal information may be shared with certain third-parties that perform services for factory authorized outlet. those third-parties may host the factory authorized outlet site, operate certain features on the factory authorized outlet site, print or send mailings, provide marketing materials for the factory authorized outlet site, authorize and process your payments, provide customer service, analyze data and assist in fulfilling your orders, send e-mails on factory authorized outlet’s behalf, or otherwise assist factory authorized outlet with the operation of the factory authorized outlet site. those third-parties are not authorized to use or disclose your personal information for any purpose other than to perform the services designated by factory authorized outlet. business transfers. business transfers. automatically collected information and your personal information may be transferred as an asset in connection with a merger or sale involving all or part of factory authorized outlet or as part of a corporate reorganization, stock sale or other change of control. customer specific disclosures. may request the names and addresses of affiliated companies and categories of personal information we share for their direct marketing purposes. if you are a california resident and would like to make a request, please contact us. california residents have the following rights: the right to disclosure about information collected about information sold categories of personal information sold categories of third-parties with whom the personal information was sold the right to deletion of personal information the right to opt-out of the sale of personal information to third parties the right to sue for security breaches the right to not be discriminated against based on exercising any of the above rights california residents may submit a data disclosure or deletion request by: submitting on online request by contacting us via phone or e-mail we do not sell any personal information as defined by the california consumer privacy act (ccpa).we will take reasonable steps in order to verify your identity prior to fulfilling the above requests in order to protect your personal information.authorized agents may submit requests on behalf of a california resident using the above processes and providing the appropriate documentation.the following table describes: categories of personal information that we collect purpose for which personal information is collected specific personal information collected categories of sources from which information is collected categories of third-parties with whom the information may be shared the purpose for sharing personal information categories of personal information as defined by ccpa do we collect this type of personal information? purpose of collecting this personal information? examples of this category of personal information how is this personal information gathered? is this personal information shared with third parties? third parties with whom this information may be shared purpose of sharing personal information identifiers yes to identify an individual in support of business activities names, account ids, emails, addresses, ip addresses, device identifiers from you, from marketing firms yes marketing partners marketing commercial information yes to support business transactions quotes, sales transactions your transaction with us yes marketing partners marketing biometric in certain circumstances fraud protection behavioral biometrics and device usage from you no n/a n/a internet or another similar network activity yes to allow access to and optimize our websites access to our properties from you n/a n/a n/a geolocation data no n/a n/a n/a n/a n/a n/a recordings (i.e. visual) yes (if you visit a store using closed circuit tv) customer service, fraud prevention cctv recordings from you no n/a n/a professional or employment related information yes for employment and credit purposes employment history including companies and job titles from you yes prior employers and background check services employment background education information yes for employment and credit purposes educational history including schools and programs from you yes verification services employment and credit verification inferences yes personalization product and category interest from you and external data sources yes marketing partners marketing required disclosures. factory authorized outlet may also provide your personal information to a third party if factory authorized outlet in good faith believes that access, use, preservation or disclosure is reasonably necessary to satisfy any applicable law, regulation, legal process or enforceable government request. for example, factory authorized outlet may be required to disclose your personal information to respond to a subpoena, court order or other legal process. we do not sell any personal information, including information automatically collected or any personal information. use of cookies cookies are tidbits of information that are sent from your web by a website you visit. a cookie file is stored in your web browser and allows factory authorized outlet or a third-party to recognize you and make your next visit easier and the services more useful to you. cookies identify which web pages are visited and how often. cookies allows factory authorized outlet to better understand how their websites are used in order to improve their services. factory authorized outlet uses cookies to store information about your visit to the factory authorized outlet site in order to enhance your experience. for example, storing such cookie information will ow factory authorized outlet, on occasion, to customize your experience. type of cookie purpose potential impact if disabled session cookies used to support website functionality access to website content and features may be limited preference cookies used to remember user preferences from one visit to the next preference will need to be reset on each visit to the website. this may disable the ability to have websites “remember” you at time of login advertising cookies used to serve you advertisements that may be relevant to you and your interest advertisements will still be displayed but will be more random and may be less relevant to you and your interests security cookies used as a component of a website’s general security and user authentication processes access to website and features may be limited tracking cookie tracks customer cart activity to help keep track of items you put into your shopping cart including when you have abandoned your cart and this information is used to determine when to send cart reminder messages via sms. our email and sms provider will not be able to track their specific behaviors on site, including cart abandonment. this means that we cannot identify the customer or trigger cart abandonment emails based on their activity. we contract with multiple online partners to help manage and optimize the factory authorized outlet site. we use the service of marketing companies to help us measure the effectiveness of our advertising and how visitors use our website. in order for this to occur, we use cookies provided by marketing partners on the factory authorized outlet site. the type of information collected includes what pages are visited, items placed into the shopping cart, which orders enter the checkout process, which checkouts are executed with payment, which products a customer is interested in and etc. by appending our records, this information allows us to see which pages gather the most interest from our customers and what kind of offers our customers like to see. our marketing company manages the information coming from our sites on our behalf, we control how the data may or may not be used. if you do not want to help us understand how to improve our site, offers, products, and content strategy, you may “opt-out” of our ability to analyze such data by contacting us. managing your information factory authorized outlet reserves the right to retain any personal information rationally necessary to appropriately document its business activities and for archival and record retention purposes. your personal information will be stores for as long as rationally necessary for the purposes described in this privacy policy. you may find more details regarding privacy policy by contacting us. to stop certain collection and use of your information: marketing emails, texts, and mail. you may “opt-out” of receiving future e-mail or other communication from us by clicking the “unsubscribe” link at the bottom of any e-mail that you receive from us, or by contacting us. you can opt out of the sms program at any time by texting "stop" to 247-74. after you opt out, you will no longer receive promotional messages from us. however, you may still receive transactional messages related to any active orders or customer service requests. please note that removal of your personal information from our database or “opting-out” will not stop (i) marketing or advertising content that is ready to be mailed or is queued for transmission prior to the time when we can act upon your request, or (ii) the use of personal information by third-parties with whom factory authorized outlet has already shared your information. website analytics. you can opt-out of tracking used to understand website usage provided by google analytics by visiting: https://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout do not track. some web browsers have a “do not track” feature that lets you send a request to websites to not track your online activities. however, we, like many other retailers, do not honor those requests. to change, correct, or update your information:you may request access to your personal information at any time or request that any inaccuracies be corrected. in order to make changes we may ask for certain information to verify your identify before we process and changes to protect your personal information. security measures factory authorized outlet and our authorized third-parties deploy reasonable measures, including administrative, physical, and technical measures to protect your personal information from unauthorized access, loss, alteration, use or disclosure. factory authorized outlet does not participate in the purchase or selling of any personal information. for example, all transactions are tokenized to protect customers information following pci compliance. additionally, we use cloudflare for security measures in cooperation with shopify’s ssl’s with 128-bit encryption. however, your personal information can never be 100% secure: information may be transmitted over networks without security measures and may be accessed, deleted, altered, used or disclosed by unauthorized persons. you can help us protect your personal information by (i) not sharing your personal information such as log in and account information with others, (ii) using a secure web browser and network, and (iii) changing your password frequently. compliance with law: we may provide access to information when legally required to do so, to cooperate with police investigations or other legal proceedings, to protect against misuse or unauthorized use of our website, to limit our legal liability, and to protect our rights or to protect the rights, property, or safety of visitors of this website or the public. contact us if you have any questions regarding the factory authorized outlet site, the privacy policy, please contact us by calling in at our toll-free number: 1-888-814-0096 or e-mailing to our customer service department: info@factoryauthorizedoutlet.com or by mailing in to:factory authorized outlet5798 ontario mills parkwayontario, ca 91764phone: 1-888-814-0096 changes to privacy policythis privacy policy is subject to change, and we will post on our website any updated privacy policy. recent changes to this privacy policy are documented below. each version will be identified by its effective date displayed at the top of this privacy notice. changes to termsfactory authorized outlet reserves the right to modify or discontinue the email and sms programs at any time without notice. any changes will be effective immediately upon posting to this page. effective december 31, 1995 updated february 20, 2020. added. california consumer privacy act (ccpa) rights. expanded customer specific disclosures section. updated january 21, 2025. added. sms marketing program terms of service and privacy policies. ----- site map about us contact us shipping and delivery businesses and professionals faqs warranty information policies returns request track your order blogs sales & support hours monday - friday:5:00 am to 5:00 pm (pst)toll free: 1-888-814-0096fax: 1-909-563-7043int'l callers: 1-909-490-5188main distribution5798 ontario mills parkwayontario, ca 91764 usa product support customer service:info@factoryauthorizedoutlet.cominformation, application, service info & warranty questions:support@factoryauthorizedoutlet.comaccessibility pages of interest deals corner dewalt power tools milwaukee power tools milwaukee packout builder makita power tools makita rule the outdoors bosch power tools duromax power how much power do i need? portable vs standby home generators generac generators copyright © 2025 factory authorized outlet. all rights reserved. all logos are trademarks of their respective owners. added to your cart: subtotal view cart () your are successfully subscribed for email notifications. ✖ notify me when available we will send you a notification as soon as this product is available again. do you want to get recurring notifications? your email is required notify me we don't share your email with anybody x