来源URL: https://web.archive.org/web/20101203032155/http://www.2ndwindexercise.com/blog
================================================================================

2nd wind blog blog 2nd wind home featured post i’m going to workout…tomorrow share heard that one before? yeah, i tell myself that one almost daily. why is that? why is that once you start working out it’s easier to do it the next day? it seems that once i’ve started the rhythm it’s effortless to keep it going, especially after i start feeling better, which... read more turkey vs. chicken: which is healthier? posted by mnjudoka | posted in weight loss | posted on november 17th, 2010 1 share you long ago figured out that you needed to cut back on the red meat and increase the number of vegetables in your diet. most of us have figured that out by now and many have also added appropriate levels of seafood to create a well-rounded diet that meets all of our nutritional needs. but many of us are still struggling with the white meat questions. some people don’t eat them at all, others swear by them in replacement for their lost red meats. and those who are health-conscious often want to know whether chicken or turkey is the healthier choice. the truth is that both chicken and turkey are fairly healthy for you when they are prepared properly. get rid of the skin, eat the white meat, don’t fry the meat in the thick oils and don’t add sauces or gravies that will add a lot of calories. with those basic preparation rules in mind, you should be able to eat either chicken or turkey without there being too much of a health difference to concern you. however, if you’re really picky about certain dietary things, here are some basic nutritional differences between chicken and turkey that you can explore to select the meat that is right for you: when talking about breast meat that is fried or boiled, turkey has almost half the calories of chicken. additionally, it has about a ninth of the fat calories. therefore, if you’re a person who really can’t give up the fried foods, you’re going to want to head for the turkey instead of the chicken to save what you can on the calories and fat. despite this, you’ll also be losing out on the protein. if what you’re seeking is a high protein diet, you should go with the chicken. as prepared discussed on the above point, you’ll get almost twice as much protein with the chicken than with the turkey. (see nutritiondata for more comparisons like these.) if you’re a liver eater, you might want to know that chicken liver also has half the calories of turkey liver. it’s also got less than a third of the fat. according to one study there is more fat in the neck of a chicken than in the neck of a turkey in summary, chicken tends to be higher in fat and calories but is also higher in protein as long as what you’re eating is the meat and not the organs or the neck. but of course it depends on how you prepare your food (if you like fried chicken and grilled turkey, then the numbers are going to differ greatly). the differences between the two are not significant enough to make a major impact upon your diet if white meat is only a small part of your overall caloric intake. however, if you eat some kind of meat on a regular basis then you might want to look more closely at the nutritional information for the kinds of chicken and turkey parts that you’re eating and your preparation of those parts. speaking with a nutritionist is a good next step for the serious dieter. source: http://hubpages.com/hub/turkey_vs_chicken_which_is_healthier bookmark it continue reading... rehabbing from an injury: getting back on the horse posted by mnjudoka | posted in weight loss | posted on november 8th, 2010 1 share are you rehabbing from an injury?  believe me, i know what you’re going through. it’s been 11 months since i had reconstructive surgery on the acl in my left knee (i had my right knee done four years ago).  the toughest part about rehab is that your normal workout rhythm is compromised, additionally if your dealing with a joint, you no longer have the uniformity of working out the corresponding joint at the same time.  i’m not going to go through all the challenges of rehab; finding a compatible therapist, finding the time and money for regular visits, etc. for this post, let’s assume you have completed initial rehab and concentrate on the recovery phase of getting back to your prior level of activity, specifically sports. since i’ve had two different acl replacement procedures i can speak knowledgeably about some rehabs being easier than others. when i got surgery on my first acl i was two-weeks away from opening a judo studio, so i was teaching while i was recovering, when i got my 2nd surgery on the other knee i got a more invasive procedure and i stopped teaching during my rehab; i also had a therapist who was unfamiliar with the rehab protocols on the new procedure, and frankly, didn’t work me hard enough. in fairness, only you know how hard to work your body, but here’s the most important thing you need to keep in mind: the mental recovery is harder than the physical, and if your either afraid or re-injuring, or not sure when it’s ok to push through the pain, your going to retard your own progress. you need to talk to your dr., explain to him that your not sure how hard to push it, then relay that info to your therapist, if they’re not pushing you hard enough, explain to them what the dr. felt was appropriate. conversely if you think they are working you too hard, talk to your dr. and make sure your not rendering your rehab ineffective before you ask the therapist to “ease-up”. i just had my first judo workout in 11 months last friday. the knee is still a little weak, and mentally, i’m a little tentative, but i realized that i was at the point in my rehab that i needed to do my sport to bring myself “the rest of the way”, the point is that for the maximum amount of physical and mental benefit, you need to get back to your sport as soon as you are cleared by your dr. getting back on the horse was also a huge boost to my morale. the most important thing to get from this blog (if you get anything at all) is that sometimes your the best barometer of what you can and can’t do, consult with your dr. and therapist, but also trust your intuition, you know your own body better than you think, i realize it’s a fine line, but don’t let the mental damage of a traumatic injury keep you away from the one the one thing that will give you the most mental and physical benefit: your sport. bookmark it continue reading... time to put away the scenic walks and bike-rides? posted by mnjudoka | posted in the funner side of fitness | posted on november 1st, 2010 1 share the prospect of not being able to take a nice (and distracting) scenic walk in favor of a treadmill in a room that may not even have a window to the outside world is depressing…i freely admit that. but we live in the midwest, and as you may have already noticed, the mercury is dropping. making the move to indoor exercise when you’ve been absorbing as much of the great outdoors as possible can be a difficult transition. distraction is an important part of my cardio-workout…if i don’t have something to occupy my attention, i start clock-watching, and when that happens i have officially made the leap from “pleasant-little-work-out” to “when-will-this-chore-be-over”. i realize that many people love their workout, and are sad when it’s over, but i (like most people) am not like that. so what are we going to do about it? i’ve been thinking about this for awhile, and the answer is that you may need a new distraction besides tv and your ipod. like many of you, i have my ipod in, and have a delightful selection of all my favorite tunes, but after awhile they just become the background music to my clock-watching, here’s a great solution…if you haven’t explored the world of pod-casts, now is the time! you can find a pod-cast for almost anything, your favorite news program, audio book, talk-show, comedian, you name it, they are all out there (and many are absolutely free) the first place to go would be the itunes store. click on the podcast category at the top, all sorts of options will pop up, pick something and it will load on your ipod for later, choose it just like you would music. i like the news and comedy programs personally, but the sky’s the limit… the best part about podcasts, for me is that because my brain is engaged, the time goes quicker (and i also get my news or politics-fix), try it your self, it ain’t walkin around the lake…but it really works! bookmark it continue reading... a vacation from home doesn’t have to be a vacation from fitness posted by mnjudoka | posted in the funner side of fitness | posted on october 18th, 2010 2 share as the days become shorter and the temperature drops it can only mean one thing…holidays and winter vacations! if your like me, that often means copious amount of uber-rich sauces, decadent desserts and not a treadmill in site. well i’m here to tell you that although the thought of not getting your workout maybe bittersweet, there are some very good reasons to find an alternative when your out-of-town. the first and most important reason is muscle atrophy; i’m going to give you a very shocking fact, it takes only 24 hours for an unused muscle group to begin to atrophy, i’m not saying your muscles will waste away, but think of it this way: you’ve been “feeding” your muscles by working out in a regular routine, and if you take that away, your muscles are no longer receiving the fuel to keep them in their current condition. so what are the solutions? well, if your not at a resort or cruise ship with a fitness facility, then check out the local ymca or wellness center, they all have short term passes or day rates. you may also be able to get a day pass or even a free trial at the local health club, and if your out in the country at your mother-in-laws ranch in the middle of nowhere, consider something like chopping wood, carting hay, or anything that’s available to get your blood pumping. the bottom line is this, don’t become sedimentary, it will take your workout back three steps and your body will make you feel it when you get home and get back on your equipment. bookmark it continue reading... aging gracefully is a diy project posted by mnjudoka | posted in weight loss | posted on october 5th, 2010 5 share did you ever notice how we tend to blame so much on our genetics? sometimes it’s an easy way to forgive ourselves or even excuse ourselves from striving for better. it’s easy to say things like, “my parents weren’t very athletic”, that way you don’t even have to try and be…wrong. while you may not be athletically gifted, being in the best shape you can be in has more to do with lifestyle, nutrition and exercise than the genetic cards you’ve been dealt, and if your family has a history of heart disease, then all it means is you have a “heads up” of what to watch for, not a reason to be sedimentary (because i assure you that will just be like giving the grim reaper roller skates) although the following article is uber-long, it’s also very excellent… http://www.huffingtonpost.com/dr-mercola/if-you-want-to-age-gracef_b_700335.html bookmark it continue reading... as seen on tv part ii posted by mnjudoka | posted in equipment info & reviews | posted on september 20th, 2010 1 share ok gang, it’s time for a heart to heart, yes 2nd wind is an equipment retailer, and yes we want you to buy our equipment, no secret there, but there’s something more important…we really do care. we care about your health and we care about giving you value in what you purchase, that’s why you will only find safe, high-quality equipment at the best possible prices it doesn’t always mean we’re the cheapest, but it does mean our equipment isn’t cheap. with all that said we think it’s important to warn you about some things you will find out in the big bad world that are unsafe, unproven, unadvisable and just plain unacceptable. in the last post we chatted about items that were unsafe and even a few that had safety recalls, with one that could actually sever off your fingers…yikes. this time i want to discuss some plain simple truths about realistic expectations and outlandish promises. first off, if they use the word “easy”, or they say “no dieting required” or give you a ridiculous time frame…don’t believe it. just like my parents taught me, anything worthwhile requires time and effort, there’s no magic pill or button, getting in shape is a journey not a destination. i’m not going to spend too much time talking about fad diets, but beware of anything extreme, making adjustments to your diet and adding a regular exercise regimen is hard enough, if you’ve signed up for something extreme and ridiculous like the “grapefruit diet”, you may indeed lose weight (mostly because your body is feeding on muscle stores as you starve yourself) but you are not adopting a new lifestyle that you can actually “live” with, and will most likely regain the weight when your eating habits return to “normal”. as far as meal-plans like nutrisystem go, 1st and foremost, they are expensive, and what they really offer is portion-control and pre-counted calories, for losing weight, it could be a good option, but are you going to eat nutrisystem’s food for the rest of your life? i understand that it’s more effort, but if you don’t adopt the habits of portion control and healthier eating combined with exercise you will not be able to retain your weight loss once you finish the program. i often think about marie osmond, who became a spokesperson for nutrisytem while she was on “dancing with the stars”, you don’t suppose that grueling dance rehearsals had something to do with her dramatic weight loss do you? even celebrities who have their own chefs and personal trainers have issues with keeping off the weight, because they go back to there same old tricks after they lose it. well, that’s enough for this week, but next week we’ll talk more about easy ways to adjust your eating and workout habits…did i say “easy”?! bookmark it continue reading... lose 30 pounds in 30 minutes (as seen on tv!) posted by mnjudoka | posted in equipment info & reviews | posted on september 9th, 2010 2 share i’m sure is you haven’t heard that exact claim, you’ve heard something like it. the fact of the matter is, it’s just like mommy and daddy said, if it sounds to good to be true, it is. most of the gimmicky equipment and funky fads aren’t worth the  $3 worth of plastic used too make them,  and some are just plain dangerous. consumer reports, one of the most trusted names in product effectiveness, teamed up with the american council on exercise to review several “as seen on tv products” and their research confirmed what most of us in the fitness industry have known for years.  these products are simple gimmicks designed to sell you a dream with no real physical research or reasoning behind them. abdominal exercisers: (from consumer reports 01/05/2009) the ab rocket ($100) claims to give its users the body they have always wanted, but most ab rocket exercises were slightly less effective than traditional abdominal exercises in our tests. the rock-n-go exerciser ($230) barely felt like a workout to its users, and it was less effective at engaging abdominals than conventional exercises on a mat. and the red exerciser dx ($175) claims consumers will lose 4 inches off their midsection in 2 weeks. but as consumer reports first reported in february 2008, some exercises with the device engaged obliques at least as much as comparable floor moves, but might not work abs as well, so those 4 inches aren’t going anywhere without serious dieting. remember the ab lounge? are six-pack abs worth losing a finger?. http://www.cpsc.gov/cpscpub/prerel/prhtml05/05055.html so save your money buy something simple and proven (more on that next week).   the bottom line; as with most things that are worth the effort, the effort makes them worth it. bookmark it continue reading... batting 200…or more? – high cholesterol information posted by mnjudoka | posted in weight loss | posted on september 1st, 2010 3 share forgive the baseball analogy (i’ve got twins fever). i’m actually talking about cholesterol. you may not want to know this, but yours may be high (even if your not overweight). if you haven’t gotten it checked, you need to. there are a lot of people who are 40 and above who’ve convinced themselves that because they aren’t obese, they don’t have high cholesterol or aren’t at increased risk for heart-disease, that’s not how it works, and if you have a history of heart-disease in your family…you need to pay particular attention. here’s a great article about high cholesterol information and how to reduce it: http://www.mayoclinic.com/health/reduce-cholesterol/cl00012 on a side-note, yes there are drugs that can help (in fact some are advertised on the page that i linked to) but i would encourage you to take a healthy approach before you pop-a-pill, follow some of these healthy tips, because the bottom line is that you may need to adopt some lifestyle changes, and pills won’t do that for you. bookmark it continue reading... the devil inside: hidden sugars – the daily intake of sugar posted by mnjudoka | posted in weight loss | posted on august 24th, 2010 3 share how’s that for a dramatic title? it is kind of indicative of the way we treat sugars these days so before i disparage sugar it’s important that i mention that sugar, like everything else, is ok in moderation. who’s being moderate though? the average american consumes around 156lbs of sugar a year, that’s double what health experts recommend. the recommended daily intake of sugar for someone eating around 1800 calories a day is 31 grams, that’s seven teaspoons…it’s also one, one can of pop. remember the part above about moderation?  if one can of pop hits your rda for sugar, you just won’t have more than one can of pop, right? wrong, you’ve got aonther problem…hidden sugars. first let’s talk about the name, “a sugar by any other name tastes as sweet”. here are some other names for sugars you need to watch for: beet sugar brown sugar cane sugar confectioner’s sugar crystallized cane juice dextrose fructose evaporated cane juice high-fructose corn syrup honey invert sugar maltodextrin (or dextrin) maple syrup molasses raw sugar sucrose (table sugar) turbinado sugar even more sneaky are the “ols” which are basically sugar alcohols. a lot of chewing gums and breath mints have these sugars in them. you may have seen these ingredients listed for these and other products. sorbitol xylitol mannitol maltitol sometimes we don’t always read the label on things that aren’t really sweet because we don’t think they have any sugar…not true. diabetics in particular have to be really good at watching for hidden sugars, but there’s no reason why you shouldn’t be too. here are some foods with surprising amounts of sugar… spaghetti sauce. a half cup of store-bought sauce can contain as many as three teaspoons of corn syrup or sugar. while some of the naturally occurring sugar in tomatoes and other vegetables will show up on the nutrition label, most of the sugar is added. look for brands that don’t include sugar or its aliases or make your own from fresh or canned tomatoes. ketchup. ketchup can be 20 percent sugar or more. not to mention that you’ll get 7 percent of your daily sodium allowance in one tablespoon. look for low-salt, no-sugar brands, or make your own, using pureed carrots to add flavor and texture to the tomatoes. reduced-fat cookies. most brands of cookies now offer a reduced-fat version of their product. nabisco even offers its own line of low-fat treats, snackwells. but while you’re patting yourself on the back for choosing the low-fat option, check the label. the sneaky food manufacturers did take out the fat, but they replaced it with, you guessed it, sugar. many times, the reduced-fat cookie is only slightly less caloric than the one you want to eat. and because there’s no fat to make you feel full, you’ll be tempted to eat more “guilt-free” cookies. and just because there’s less fat, it doesn’t mean you’ll be less fat. fat doesn’t make you fat. calories make you fat. low-fat salad dressing. like the cookies, manufacturers have taken the fat out of the dressing, but they’ve added extra salt and sugar to make up for it. check the label to make sure you’re not replacing heart-healthy olive oil with diabetes-causing sugar-because that’s not really a “healthy choice.” your best bet? make your own vinaigrettes using a small amount of olive oil, a tasty gourmet vinegar or fresh lemon juice, and some fresh herbs. bread. most processed breads, especially white hamburger and hot dog buns, can contain a good bit of sugar or corn syrup. that’s what gives them the golden-brown crust. as always, check the ingredient label, and consider getting your bread at a real bakery or a farmers’ market-it’s the best idea since, well, you know. fast food. needless to say, fast food is generally not good for you. but even if you’re staying away from the sodas and the shakes, everything from the burgers to the fries to the salads is a potential place to hide sugar. check out the ingredients carefully at your favorite restaurant. you may be getting more than you bargained for. yeah, i know, it’s a little scary (like my title) but don’t let it bug you too much, if you pay attention, and know what to watch for, you’ll have no trouble keeping tabs on your daily intake of sugar. read more: http://elev8.com/health/latwanasstephens/six-foods-that-contain-hidden-sugar/#ixzz0xrem0gdq bookmark it continue reading... somebody hid some fat in my low-fat sandwich! posted by mnjudoka | posted in weight loss | posted on august 16th, 2010 2 share so here you are health focused, exercising regularly, taking your vitamins, trying to eat healthy but you seem to have stalled or maybe your just not losing any weight at all. take out; eating in the car and working lunches are just a fact of our lives these days as things seem to just get progressively busier. the problem is that the supposedly healthy option may not always be that great. so the key is to plan ahead  (we made this big to make a point) know what is going into your body and when in doubt take the time to look things up. we tend to be creatures of habit so look up the menus of the restaurants and the nutritional information of the products you eat.  in the end you will get to your goals faster if you know for sure rather than relying on flashy signs and advertisements claiming health benefits. let’s take a look at a typical day eating out.  listed are the bad, the deceiving and the best option for eating. breakfast at starbucks running late stop in when you get your morning coffee classic coffee cake (not good) nutrition facts per serving (113 g) calories 440 total fat 19g 30% total carbohydrate 63g  protein 6g reduced fat coffee cake (not that much better actually) nutrition facts per serving (124 g) calories 350 total fat 10g 16% total carbohydrate 58g protein 7g in the end only a savings of 90 calories or approximately 7 min on an elliptical egg white spinach and feta wrap  (winner) nutrition facts per serving calories 280 total fat 10g total carbohydrate 33g protein 18g lunch at jimmy johns its got to be better than greasy hamburgers and fry’s right? hunters club (might as well have a big mac) nutrition facts per serving (388.75 g) calories 807.3 total fat 34.77g total carbohydrate 66.7g protein 51.67g hunters club unwich (little better but still a lot of fat) nutrition facts per serving (310.75 g) calories 470 total fat 34.88g total carbohydrate 3.93g protein 37.47g little better saved 337 total calories but still 35g of fat is really high and with out a mixture of carbs and protein you will feel less full and be dragging in a couple of hours. turkey tom no mayo (winner) nutrition facts per serving calories 321.9 total fat .83g total carbohydrate 50.27g protein 24.4g snack at a gas station on the run and need to eat be careful! snickers (duh it’s a candy bar) nutrition facts per serving (1 bar) calories 280 total fat 14g total carbohydrate 35g protein 4g met-rx big100 (looks like all the others but is actually a meal replacement) nutrition facts per serving (1 bar) calories 400 total fat 12g total carbohydrate 44g protein 31g uh oh actually added 120 calories better add that time back onto the elliptical. peanut butter luna bar (winner) nutrition facts per serving calories 180 total fat 6g total carbohydrate 26g protein 9g sources of information: http://www.starbucks.com/menu http://www.jimmyjohns.com/menu/nutrition.aspx http://www.sparkpeople.com/resource/calories_burned.asp http://www.metrx.com/labels/014951.pdf http://www.snickers.com/default.htm http://lunabar.com/products/bars/peanut_butter_cookie/ bookmark it continue reading... previous subscribeget 2nd wind exercise's blog entries delivered to your inbox - for free!find us online filter by topic equipment info & reviews facebook sweepstakes the funner side of fitness uncategorized weight loss 2nd wind blog © 2010 all rights reserved. 2nd wind blog <<< back to 2nd wind exercise | site credits