来源URL: https://web.archive.org/web/20131221224019/http://www.2ndwindexercise.com/blog
================================================================================

exercise news, tips and information | 2nd wind exercise why buy new, when slightly used will do? except when the deals are this good! contact us home why 2nd wind? special services sell your equipment trade in equipment in-store services equipment services corporate partnerships e-newsletter social media brands we carry life fitness octane fitness vision fitness hoist power plate lemond lifespan cybex power block torque previously owned equipment promotions unpublished discounts weekly email promotions commercial shop ellipticals treadmills home gyms bikes vibration plates & dumbbells rowing machines accessories previously owned equipment workout habits to quit posted on november 15, 2013 by elyse lundberg workout habits to quit doing now it’s easy to get in to a routine and forget to change your workouts. if you get in to the habit, don’t forget to keep challenging yourself. below are some of the most common habits that you should quit in your workout. 1. working out alone: most people get a better workout when they’re with someone else. it’s more enjoyable to share it, you’re more likely to keep showing up, and you’ll push yourself harder if you have some competition. 2. long workouts of moderate intensity: there’s a reason they say, “no pain, no gain.” you can’t improve your fitness without pushing yourself. it’s much better to go 20 or 30 minutes at high intensity, than it is to go for an hour at a comfortable pace. 3. wasting time between reps: don’t look in the mirror, don’t check your phone, don’t start conversations with other people. plan out a certain workout for a certain time period, and get it done. 4. too much cardio and no strength training: some people are all about burning calories, so they just focus on the treadmill. but building muscle is important too. the more muscle mass you have, the more calories you burn throughout the day. 5. hydrating with sports drinks: most sports drinks have too much sugar. go with water instead . . . the extra electrolytes aren’t worth all the empty calories. 6. doing the same exercises all the time: the more you do something, the more efficient your body gets at doing it. if you run half an hour a day for six months, you’ll start burning fewer calories. try rotating your workouts on a regular basis. posted in uncategorized | comments off traveling during the holiday posted on october 31, 2013 by elyse lundberg trim up while traveling for thanksgiving. thanksgiving is the busiest time of the year for traveling. while you are busy celebrating and catching up with family and friends. it is easy to forget a workout. here are a few traveling workout tips to keep you motivated throughout the holiday. 1. see the sites, old or new: where you’re reminiscing over childhood memories, or visiting a new place, make sure you get out and see it. go for a long walk or a jog. if this is where you grew up, go for a stroll to see how things have change and bring back memories. this will make it feel more like and adventure rather than a workout. if you’ve never been there, it will feel exciting to gallivant around town. 2. stuff your suitcase: make sure you pack plenty of gym clothes. on your down time, go to the fitness center. if you are in a hotel with a pool, unpack your swimsuit and go for a swim. or check out some new trails and go for a hike. grab a cousin, sibling or spouse and go together. 3. download your favorite workout: share your favorite workout with your family, while everyone has some down time or are waiting to get going. you’d be surprised how far a 20 min workout video can go while traveling and enjoying a thanksgiving feast. 4. one step, two step: if you’re staying in a hotel and are on the 15th floor, take the stairs! it will be challenging and even if you do it one time a day, it will still feel good. if you love stair climbing at the gym, take advantage of being at your hometown and go to the high school football stadium. climb until you can’t any more. 5. just do something: this is the perfect opportunity to play with your niece or nephew you only see a few times a year. take advantage of their energy and play with them. play catch with a parent or go for a walk with your grandparent. this will get your blood pumping so you can enjoy a thanksgiving feast, guilt free. posted in health, weight loss | comments off fall fresh recipes posted on october 2, 2013 by liz white fall is finally here and we’re kicking off the season with fresh food ideas! this is a great time of year to incorporate healthy and organic fruits and veggies into your meals. did you know in minnesota the fall brings apples, figs, artichokes, arugula, grapes, beets, cabbage, carrots, chard, squash, green beans, kale and so many more delicious options! with this great variety of ingredients you can make endless dishes and you’ll never get bored. check out some of our favorite recipes below: baked apple chips: ingredients: 3 medium sized sweet apples 1 tsp cinnamon 1 tbs of sugar directions: preheat oven to 225 degrees f line two baking sheets with parchment paper. slice apples. the thinner you slice them, the faster they will bake and the crispier they will be. mix the sugar (optional) and cinnamon together and sprinkle over apples slices. bake for a total of approximately 1 hour then flip the slices, and bake for 1 more hour. hearty vegetable curry: ingredients: 1/2 cup plain 2% reduced-fat greek yogurt 1 (15-ounce) can chickpeas, rinsed and drained 1 (14.5-ounce) can diced tomatoes, undrained 1 cup diced peeled sweet potato 1/4 cup sliced yellow onion 2 teaspoons curry powder 1 cup small cauliflower florets 1/2 cup vegetable broth 1 1/2 tsp olive oil 2 tbs chopped cilantro directions: heat olive oil in a large nonstick skillet over medium-high heat. add sweet potato to pan and sauté for 3 minutes. lower heat to medium and add cauliflower, onion, and curry powder. stir and cook for 1 minute. add broth and tomatoes and chickpeas. bring to a boil, then cover and reduce heat. simmer 10 minutes or until vegetables are tender. sprinkle with cilantro and serve with yogurt. caramel apple protein shake: can’t live without your shakes? us either! plus the apple adds a serving of fruit to your meal. ingredients: 1 scoop vanilla protein powder (your choice) 1 cup unsweetened almond milk 1 small apple, skin removed and diced ¼ tsp ground cinnamon 2-3 ice cubes 2 tablespoons sugar-free instant butterscotch pudding mix directions: combine all ingredients in a blender and blend until smooth. allow the shake to thicken for a minute. it’s that easy and delicious! posted in health, weight loss | comments off when to run posted on july 22, 2013 by caroline page for anyone with a gym membership, it is well known that the worst time to run is generally directly after the typical work day; finding an empty treadmill can be even more difficult than pushing yourself to even go to the gym. but does that mean this is the best time of day to get in your exercise? studies vary between what is considered the best time of day to go running, strong arguments can be made for different parts of the day the case for running in the morning: research has shown that running in the morning might keep you more motivated to run. in studies compared to those who run in the morning versus those who run in the afternoon or evening, morning runners are more consistent with their workout regimens. for those who are training for a race, research indicates that your body can adapt to the time of day that you normally train. most races are run in the morning, so if you are training for a race, your body will adjust to early-mornings runs. the case for running in the afternoon: research has shown that it is best to run when your body temperature is at its highest, generally around 4 or 5 pm. other studies have confirmed that exercisers perform better on physical performance tests, including aerobic capacity, endurance, reaction time, and strength between the hours of 4 and 7 p.m. the best time to workout depends on what time is best for you and your schedule, so pick a time and stick to it! posted in health, the fun side of fitness, weight loss | comments off reasons to exercise posted on july 15, 2013 by caroline page “i’m embarrassed to start working out.” “i want to lose some weight before i go to the gym.” “i’m out of shape.” everyone has an excuse not to exercise but how about some excuses to exercise. keeps your heart healthy: strengthens your heart muscles and reduces your risk of a heart attack helps lose weight and keep it off helps prevent back problems and back pain. increases self-confidence and self-esteem. strengthens bones and helps reduce risk of osteoporosis. improves sleep. improves immune function which decreases risk for infectious diseases. maintains physical and mental functions as you age reduces anxiety and depression. so every time you give yourself an excuse not to exercise, counter your excuse with one of these. having a bad day? go exercise to reduce anxiety and depression. feeling tired? exercise improves sleep. worried about health related issues? talk to your doctor, exercise can help prevent and/or treat a wide variety of common issues. posted in health, the fun side of fitness, weight loss | comments off get a step ahead of stress with exercise when you travel posted on july 15, 2013 by mike manning you probably understand the importance of a good fitness routine for your overall health. in fact, you may regularly incorporate a healthy exercise program in your daily life when at home. if you travel much, you’ve probably noticed the difficulties that arise in keeping this healthy routine when you’re on the road. the varying schedules, time changes, unfamiliar surroundings and other stressors of travel simply don’t accommodate your regular exercise routine. you can, however, learn to find fitness opportunities while traveling and take advantage of them. like most things, great trips begin before you ever embark on them. planning is key. do some research before your trip to learn about fitness opportunities at your destination. if possible, book a hotel that features fitness amenities you can utilize. these might include a well-equipped, onsite fitness center, classes and fitness sessions for guests, onsite running trails or in-room yoga videos. on a recent trip to maui i booked a hotel with a 24-hour fitness center so i could do my workouts in the morning as to not ruin any of my travel plans. i used a site called gogobot to make the distinction between which maui hotels had the right fitness amenities. working out in your hotel room is easier if you pack for success. bring along your choice of portable exercise equipment to help you get a powerful workout in minimal space and a short amount of time. equipment options include a simple exercise band, a trx trainer, a yoga mat and fitness videos. be sure that you also pack comfortable, loose-fitting clothing to wear while exercising. you can also get exercise at the airport. many airports have begun to cater to health-conscious travelers in a number of ways. some supply walking areas for flyers on layovers. others have zen rooms where travelers can do yoga, stretch or spend some time reducing stress by meditating. many airports have also begun offering healthier food options at restaurants and snack shops. if you have particular concerns about the food options you will face, bring some of your own snacks. raw almonds are a particularly powerful snack that you can easily slip into a bag or purse. getting exercise during your travels helps greatly to reduce the stress traveling can cause. take the above tips to get yourself started on the road toward successful fitness when traveling. remember to be mindful of the opportunities that arise. if you don’t have a full hour for working out, take advantage of smaller time slots. simple things such as taking the stairs instead of the elevator will improve your overall fitness level. every little step counts. posted in uncategorized | comments off exercising with osteoporosis posted on july 8, 2013 by caroline page about half of all women over 50, and about one out of every four men, will break a bone because of osteoporosis. those with osteoporosis often think that exercising will lead to a fracture, but actually osteoporosis can help protect your bones. when you exercise, you not only build muscle and endurance, you also build and maintain the amount and thickness of your bones. this is called “bone mass and density.” after consulting your doctor about starting an exercise training program, those with osteoporosis should choose the right form of exercise. recommended exercises include strength training exercises, especially those for the back weight-bearing aerobic activities flexibility exercises stability and balance exercises make sure to avoid high-impact exercises, such as jumping, running or jogging. these activities increase compression in your spine and lower extremities and can lead to fractures in weakened bones. try to stick to exercises with slow, controlled movements. also avoid exercises where you bend forward and twist your waist, like touching your toes or doing sit ups. these movements put pressure on your spine. also remember that bones need calcium, protein, and vitamin d. this will also help keep your bones stronger. posted in health | comments off ← older posts search search for: proudly serving communities in: minnesota wisconsin illinois iowa missouri indiana south dakota north dakota arizona nebraska oklahoma home careers special services brands we carry promotions shop products fitness blog store locator contact us sitemap facebook commercial © 2014 2nd wind exercise equipment | privacy policy 7585 equitable dr | eden prairie, minnesota 55344 952.544.5249 web design & development by savvy pro web