来源URL: https://web.archive.org/web/20161203075847/https://www.2ndwindexercise.com/blog/
================================================================================

exercise news, tips and information | 2nd wind exercise why buy new, when slightly used will do? except when the deals are this good! my account checkout log in () contact us surveys commercial equipment home shop ellipticals treadmills home gyms bikes plates & dumbbells rowing machines accessories workplace solutions used equipment company about company news blog careers testimonials services sell your equipment trade in equipment maintenance & repair move existing equipment delivery, set-up & territories room planning in-store personal training community partnerships equipment financing merchandise return brands we carry horizon life fitness octane fitness vision fitness hoist lemond lifespan matrix power block bodycraft used equipment promotions unpublished discounts weekly email promotions commercial sales department products used equipment who we serve fitness advice from the pros: how can i get out of a workout rut? posted on april 4, 2016 by admin our fitness consultants you meet at our stores are well-versed in the health and fitness industry, so they know a thing or two about staying fit and most importantly, keeping it fun! but, what if you hit a plateau or just don’t feel like doing the same old thing day in and day out? 2nd wind fitness consultant, darnel, has got a solution to the workout rut. here, he shares a variety of options he does to stay in shape without the feeling of boredom. “working out has been my mainstay for over the last 20 years. being that consistent   requires a great deal of dedication but also commitment to yourself. exercise comes in all sorts of forms, that’s what makes exercising fun and easy. there’s so much you can do, and it’s important to be consistent and give your body a variety of exercise options to keep it in shape. here’s my advice on how i mix things up in my workouts, and for my clients when they ask how to change things up make working out more effective. get outside and enjoy the weather one way i vary my workouts is by adding outdoor training, and with the nicer weather on its way, you can be sure there are plenty of options. two great outdoor workouts i recommend are rollerblading and biking. you can spend hours rollerblading around various trails and lake paths burning tons of fat and never feel boredom. when it comes to biking, there’s nothing like getting lost in your music or sights and just peddling for hours… before you know it, you’ve biked 50 miles! in the gym or at home indoors, i like to use a variety of fitness equipment and machines for weight training to keep my muscles guessing as to what’s going to happen next. for example when working my abs i’ll use anything from a weighted crunch chair to doing floor work such as planks, russian twist and in & outs. when it’s time to step up the fat burning i will do super-sets which involves working one group of muscles with a particular exercise or movement then immediately going to another machine, weight movement or such without rest. this keeps my heart rate up, but also challenges my muscles to endure a higher pain threshold during resistance training. if you don’t have an assortment of machines to work with, or have a cardio machine at home such as an elliptical trainer or treadmill, mix it up by adding intervals; high intense jolts (30 to 60 seconds) followed by a more relaxed pace. those intense interval seconds add up, burning a lot of calories while building your endurance. more variety is key if i really want to break things up i will use kettlebells to train legs and battle ropes for arms and shoulders but also get a cardio hitt session while i’m at it! i think battle ropes and kettlebell training can offer a nice variety of exercises to torch fat in a short amount of time. body weight exercises lastly, you can’t ever rule out body weight exercises like pull-ups and push-ups, floor dips and abs work. you can do these while enjoying the nice weather this summer outdoors, or all year round at home or in the gym. rest assured there is no way you can get bored with exercise, there’s just too much out there to do, but it’s up to you to do it!” if you have any questions about this blog, or about your exercise routine, i’d be happy to answer your questions and help you achieve your fitness goals. i am a certified personal trainer and fitness consultant at the 2nd wind edina, mn store. posted in exercise, weight loss | tagged hiit, kettle bell training, warm weather workouts | comments off on fitness advice from the pros: how can i get out of a workout rut? 4 skinny recipes that will fool everyone posted on april 1, 2016 by jessica g. fresh baked chocolate chip cookies anyone? yes, please! especially when they’re easier on the waistline. since they’re packed with big flavor, you’re sure to have everyone fooled with these secretly healthy recipes. check out these amazing chocolate chip cookies, spicy buffalo bites, blueberry muffins and turkey burgers. go ahead, indulge, and don’t feel bad about it! healthy (and flourless) chocolate chip cookies ingredients 2 teaspoons vanilla extract 1 large egg 4 tablespoons dark brown sugar, lightly packed 1/2 cup coconut oil 1 and 1/2 cups oat flour (regular oats blended) 1 teaspoon baking soda 1 teaspoon cinnamon pinch of salt 1/2 cup dark chocolate chips pinch of coarse sea salt (optional) instructions: take regular old fashioned oats or quick oats and blend them until they resemble a flour or powder in a blender or food processor. combine the vanilla extract, large egg, and brown sugar in a bowl. melt the coconut oil and let it cool slightly before adding to the bowl. beat everything together until just combined. stir in the oat flour (measured after blending not before), baking soda, cinnamon (scale this amount to taste preferences), and salt. stir until just combined and then fold in the dark chocolate chips. chill the dough for at least one hour. preheat the oven to 350 degrees f. using a cookie scoop (note: pack these in the scoop very tightly or they may crumble), scoop out balls of the dough onto a parchment lined cookie sheet. press a few more chocolate chips in the tops if desired. bake for 8-10 minutes or until lightly browned around the edges. remove and allow to stay on the baking sheet for another 2 minutes before removing to a wire cooling rack. now, go indulge!! spicy baked buffalo cauliflower bites ingredients sauce low-fat ranch dressing 1/2 cup soymilk 1 cup plain greek yogurt (or mircle whip, if you prefer) 1/2 tablespoon fresh dill 2 tablespoons fresh parsley, chopped 2 tablespoons fresh chives, chopped 1/2 teaspoon garlic powder 1/4 teaspoon onion powder 1/2 teaspoon kosher salt 1/4 teaspoon freshly cracked black pepper buffalo cauliflower bites cooking spray 3/4 cup all-purpose flour 1 cup soymilk 1 teaspoon garlic powder 1/2 teaspoon kosher salt 1/4 teaspoon freshly cracked black pepper 1 head of cauliflower, cut into bite-sized pieces 3 tablespoons dairy-free butter 1 (5 ounce) bottle cayenne pepper sauce 1 tablespoon honey instructions in a mixing bowl, combine 1/2 cup soymilk, 1 cup greek yogurt, 1/2 tablespoon fresh dill, 2 tablespoons chopped, fresh parsley, 2 tablespoons chopped, fresh chives, 1/2 teaspoon garlic powder, 1/4 teaspoon onion powder, 1/2 teaspoon kosher salt, and 1/4 teaspoon freshly cracked black pepper. whisk to combine. give it a taste and adjust the seasonings to your liking. cover and refrigerate until ready to use. preheat oven to 450°f and line a baking sheet with foil. place an oven-safe rack on top of the foil and spray generously with cooking spray. prepare the batter for the cauliflower by combining 3/4 cup all-purpose flour, 1 cup soymilk, 1 teaspoon garlic powder, 1/2 teaspoon kosher salt, & 1/4 teaspoon freshly cracked black pepper. whisk until smooth and thickened. gently toss the cauliflower with the batter, being sure to coat the cauliflower thoroughly. place the coated cauliflower onto the prepared rack, being sure to leave space between each one. bake in the preheated oven for 20 minutes or until the cauliflower starts to brown. while the cauliflower is baking, melt 3 tablespoons dairy-free butter and mix with 1 (5 ounce) bottle of cayenne pepper sauce and 1 tablespoon honey. whisk to combine. give it a taste and adjust the flavors to your liking. when the cauliflower is ready, remove it from the oven and toss with the hot sauce mixture. spray the rack with cooking spray again and place the cauliflower back on the rack. put back in the oven for 10 more minutes until browned to your liking. remove from oven and allow to cool slightly. transfer to a serving dish with the low-fat ranch dip. now, go indulge! greek yogurt and honey blueberry muffins ingredients 2 cups whole wheat flour 1 cup all purpose flour 1/2 cup + 3 tablespoons brown sugar 1 tablespoon baking powder 1/2 teaspoon baking soda 1/2 teaspoon salt 1/2 teaspoon cinnamon 1 cup low-fat greek yogurt 1/2 cup whole milk (you may use another fat percentage if preferred) 1 teaspoon vanilla extract 2 large eggs, at room temperature 1/4 cup honey 1/2 cup olive or coconut oil (if using coconut oil, be sure it is above room temperature and melted) 1 cup blueberries instructions preheat oven to 400 degrees (f). line a 12-cup muffin tin with paper liners; set aside. in a large bowl whisk together flours, sugar, baking powder, baking soda, salt, and cinnamon; set aside. in a medium bowl whisk together the yogurt, milk, vanilla, eggs, honey, and oil. gently fold the yogurt mixture into the flour mixture, and using a spatula, fold until combined, being sure to mix just until all the flour disappears. fold in blueberries. divide the batter evenly among the prepared muffin tins, place pan in the oven, and bake for 18 minutes, reducing the heat to 375 degrees after 9 minutes of baking. allow the muffins to cool for 5 minutes in the pan then transfer to a cooling rack. now, go indulge! greek turkey burgers ingredients 7 oz. plain greek yogurt 1 medium fresh lemon ¼ tsp minced garlic ¼ tsp dried dill 1.25 lb. ground turkey 6 halves sun dried tomatoes 1 medium red onion 2 oz. frozen spinach ¼ cup crumbled feta 1 tsp dried oregano ½ tsp minced garlic ⅓ cup bread crumbs 1 lg. egg 1 med. cucumber 6 hamburger buns to taste salt and pepper instructions prepare the yogurt sauce by combining the yogurt, ¼ tsp minced garlic, dry dill, juice of half the lemon and a dash of salt. stir everything to combine and then refrigerate to allow the flavors to blend while you make the burgers. thaw the frozen spinach and squeeze out as much moisture as possible. roughly chop the spinach to prevent long stringy pieces. also chop the sun dried tomatoes and ¼ of the red onion. in a bowl combine the ground turkey with the spinach, sun dried tomatoes, red onion, feta, ½ tsp minced garlic, dried oregano, egg, bread crumbs, ½ tsp of salt and some freshly ground pepper. stir everything until it is evenly combined. shape the mixture into six patties. cook the burgers on a counter top grill, a non-stick skillet or over open flame. spread the yogurt sauce on both sides of a bun, add a warm burger and top with thin slices of red onion, cucumber and flat leaf parsley (optional). now, go indulge! posted in health, recipes | tagged healthy recipes, nutrition | comments off on 4 skinny recipes that will fool everyone in a workout rut? get out of it with these tips posted on march 31, 2016 by trent p. by trent – 2nd wind fitness consultant we’ve all been there. your workouts are going great, you’re seeing great results, and then it happens. stagnation sets in and your progress comes to a screeching halt. the effort is there, and you haven’t changed your routine or diet, so what’s the issue? that in itself can sometimes be the issue. your body’s used to the same old routine, and that halt means it’s time to mix things up. the change in the seasons is the perfect time to get out of a workout rut and explore new and exciting fitness routines. our bodies change and adapt to the things we do, and sometimes, changing what we do will help spark even more changes. here are some tips to help mix things up so you can start seeing results again: avoid the plateau by adding variety: adding variety to your workouts will keep your exercises from becoming ineffective. if you run at the same speed on the treadmill every day for 20 minutes, or do the same weight lifting routine week-after-week, year-after-year, your body will likely hit a plateau. you’ll still burn calories, but you’ll need to increase resistance levels, speed or weight routines if you want to maximize results. simply trying different exercises for a body part will encourage more variety and confuse the muscle. for instance, try adding intervals to your cardio; speed things up every few minutes to help strengthen your endurance. even just four minutes of high-intensity exercise during at 20 minute workout on a cardio machine like a treadmill, can boost energy, reduce body fat, promote lean muscle mass and improve cholesterol. for weight lifting, try a kettlebell workout or bodyweight exercises like pushups and planks. reverse your workout order: doing your routine in reverse order can also help. if you usually start your workout with strength training followed by cardio and stretching, try changing that around. start with stretching and cardio and then move to strength training. you can even pick the exact same exercises, but do them in a completely different order than before. give yourself a rest: i’m not talking about just the normal 8 hours a night. i’m talking about taking a break to let your body reset and heal. i have always advocated doing a 3-4 month training program, followed by one week off. this week can do wonders not only for your body, but for the mental monotony as well. it allows any nagging injuries to heal up and also gives a person time to just recharge and have something to look forward to for the next cycle of training. you can also take a week off from dieting. don’t just eat cookies and burgers and pizza, but also don’t shy away from the foods you might have avoided during your training phase. in all, it allows a person to take in foods they might have been craving and to not feel as guilty about it. if you’re interested in changing up your workout routine or need suggestions on what equipment or accessories you can use to do so, i’d be happy to help you find the right fit for your goals, home and budget. feel free to reach out to me with any questions regarding your workout routine. i’m available at the edina, mn 2nd wind store location. posted in exercise, health | tagged cardio, exercise tips, strength training | comments off on in a workout rut? get out of it with these tips your 3-step plan to running a 5k by summertime posted on march 21, 2016 by joli g. if you’re interested in running a 5k by summertime, fitness trainer and yoga instructor (and avid runner), joli, suggests these tips to help you get moving on your training plan. setting a specific training goal is a powerful way to increase your motivation and hold yourself accountable for completing your workouts.  if you’ve started running or even regularly walking this winter, consider adding running a 5k to your summer bucket list.  the distance (just over three miles) is achievable for new runners and gives you the opportunity to try out recreational races and events in running community.  ready to get started?  here is some advice to get you started on your training plan. pick an event: it seems obvious, but before you jump into your training, find a race that works with your training schedule. you can visit www. active.com  for a schedule of events in your area.  if you’ve been using your treadmill for running or walking this winter, pick an event that is at least six weeks away to give your body enough time to adjust to the demands of running greater distances outside.  if you are just getting started, give yourself an extra month to build a base of aerobic fitness and to begin tolerating the impact of extended running and walking.  one of the greatest causes of injury and overtraining for new runners is adding mileage on too quickly.   avoid this by giving yourself sufficient time to build a base of running. run for time rather than distance: once you have your race and know how long you’ll need to train, it’s easy to find beginner 5k running plans using a search engine or you can create a customized plan using a running app (see the resources provided below).   initially, choose a plan that incorporates running for time rather than distance.  start with workouts of 20 minutes, alternating periods of running and walking.  as you add distance, increase your mileage or time spent running by no more than 10 percent each week.  with a six week training plan, this will give you more than enough time to build a base that makes your 5k distance achievable, while avoiding impact related injuries such as shin splints or stress fractures.  finally, once a week, schedule a longer run or run/walk that mimics race day.  ideally, this will take place outdoors and  will be on the same day of the week as your race (probably a saturday or sunday), and will give you the chance to try out pre-run nutrition, hydration strategies, and clothing choices letting you work out some of the kinks and nerves surrounding the big day. supplement your running with a treadmill, elliptical, or cycle while it’s important to run outside in order to prepare for the conditions of your 5k, one of the biggest mistakes new runners make is doing too much too soon.  this is likely to get you injured and put your training off schedule.  while your aerobic fitness will increase quickly, your joints, bones, and muscles need time to adjust to the impact and demands of running outside.   you can offset this stress while continuing to train by including lower impact activities in your weekly plan, such as walking or running on a treadmill, using an elliptical trainer, or even scheduling cycling workouts.  by replacing one or more of your training days with these activities, your shins, hips, and low back will all experience less stress as you continue to build your aerobic base.   ideally, you should maintain 2-3 days of running outside, alternated with 1-2 days of active recovery using your home fitness equipment.  your final days each week can be spent on complete rest, easy walking, or a recovery activity that does not stress the lower body and strengthens the core, such as rowing,  yoga, or swimming. lastly, recruit support with sufficient time, patience, and a strong training plan, running a 5k is an achievable goal for most people.  the public nature of the event and the connection many provide to fundraising, charities, and local communities make accountability and community building an additional benefit.  once you’ve signed up, don’t be afraid to share your goal on social media, to raise funds for charity, and to share your training plans and successes.  building accountability will help to keep you on track and increase the benefits of committing to this major training accomplishment! enjoy your run! resources: to provide a lower impact option for running or for the days that you just can’t squeeze in an outdoor run, consider one of our gym-quality treadmills to make your running convenient and fun.  we also offer a wide variety of elliptical machines and indoor cycles! there’s an app for that! a couch to 5k app for google or apple makes training accessible wherever you are! want more?  here is some expert advice that covers everything from nutrition to running shoes! posted in exercise | tagged 5k tips, cardio, running | comments off on your 3-step plan to running a 5k by summertime no-bake chocolate & peanut butter energy bites posted on march 1, 2016 by jessica g. you know those moments when you need a quick energy boost? that moment you realize your energy is dwindling and you’re wondering how you’re going to make it to your workout? or, maybe you feel that afternoon sweet craving and need a little sweet-tooth pick-me-up. these little no-bake chocolate and peanut butter energy bites will give the perfect boost you need to help get your butt in gear! each bite has a little protein, fiber, omega-3 and magnesium to help jolt your energy. here’s a recipe that’s quick and easy to whip up: ingredients: 1 cup (dry) oatmeal (i used old-fashioned oats) 2/3 cup toasted coconut flakes 1/2 cup peanut butter 1/2 cup ground flax seed 1/2 cup dark chocolate chips (optional) ½ cup dried cranberries (optional) 1/3 cup honey or agave nectar 1 tablespoon chia seeds (optional) 1 teaspoon vanilla extract directions: stir all ingredients together in a medium bowl until thoroughly mixed. cover and let chill in the refrigerator for half an hour. once chilled, roll into balls of whatever size you would like. (about 1″ in diameter.) store in an airtight container and keep refrigerated for up to 1 week. makes about 20-25 balls. posted in uncategorized | comments off on no-bake chocolate & peanut butter energy bites st. patty’s day flavor: light cheddar ale soup posted on february 25, 2016 by admin this cheese- and beer-lover’s potato soup has only a fraction of the fat and sodium of a traditional recipe. we use low-fat milk and only a little oil and keep the flavor strong with zesty, sharp cheddar cheese. precooked diced potatoes, which you can get at many supermarkets, keep this recipe super speedy. regular diced red potatoes also work—you’ll just need to increase the cooking time. enjoy! ingredients 1 tablespoon canola oil 1 large onion, chopped 1 12-ounce bottle beer, preferably ale 2 18-ounce bags precooked diced peeled potatoes, (see ingredient note) 1 14-ounce can vegetable broth, or reduced-sodium chicken broth 1 cup water raspberry sparkling water 2 1/2 cups nonfat or low-fat milk 1/4 cup all-purpose flour 1 1/2 cups shredded sharp cheddar cheese, divided 1 small red bell pepper, thinly sliced or finely chopped makes: 6 servings, 1 3/4 cups each active time: 35 minutes total time: 35 minutes preparation heat oil in a dutch oven over medium heat. add onion and cook, stirring, until softened, about 3 minutes. add beer; bring to a boil and boil for 5 minutes. add potatoes, broth and water; cover and return to a boil. reduce the heat to maintain a simmer, and cook until the potatoes are tender, about 4 minutes. remove from the heat and mash the potatoes with a potato masher to the desired consistency. whisk milk and flour and add to the soup. bring to a simmer over medium-high heat and cook, whisking occasionally, until thickened, about 3 minutes. remove from the heat; stir in 1 1/4 cups cheddar and stir until melted. ladle the soup into bowls and garnish with the remaining 1/4 cup cheese and bell pepper. tips & notes ingredient note: look for precooked diced potatoes in the refrigerated section of most supermarket produce departments—near other fresh, prepared vegetables. to make your own, peel 2 1/4 pounds yukon gold potatoes, cut into 1/2-inch pieces and boil until tender (about 15 minutes). nutrition per serving: 389 calories; 12 g fat (5 g sat, 2 g mono); 32 mg cholesterol; 50 g carbohydrates; 16 g protein;5 g fiber; 408 mg sodium; 238 mg potassium. nutrition bonus: calcium (34% daily value), vitamin c (32% dv), vitamin a (19% dv). carbohydrate servings: 3 exchanges: 2 1/2 starch, 1 vegetable, 1 high fat meat, 1/2 fat *recipe courtesy of eatingwell.com posted in health, recipes | tagged healthy recipes, st. patty's day recipes | comments off on st. patty’s day flavor: light cheddar ale soup get calorie burning with these 7 workouts posted on february 23, 2016 by jessica g. if you’re a calorie counter and really want to know how much your workout is burning, here are 7 exercises proven to melt some serious cals. running. i bet you either love it or you hate it, but it’s a great way to burn a lot of calories – hopefully that will keep you motivated to run like the wind! it’s an easy exercise to get up and do because it doesn’t always require a treadmill or gym membership; you can just walk out your front door and go. running can burn about 550 calories per hour. jumping rope. this fun, yet intense workout can burn about 750 calories. jumping rope is a great warm up – start with 10 – 20 minutes before you begin your workout to get a good jump start on burning those pesky calories. swimming. a great workout that puts your joints at ease. and, since you’re using your whole body in this workout – not just your arms or legs – you can burn up to 650 – 700 calories in a hour swim. hiit (high intensity interval training). this workout is great because it switches things up throughout your work out. before you know it, you’re done and burned a ton of calories. this workout involves short quick routines that are done at a fast pace, and you alternate different exercises with no rests in between. you’ll only have to do about 20 minutes to burn around 300 calories, without any cardio at all. for example: you might do 30 seconds of jumping jacks, then hit the floor and do 10 pushups, then another 30 seconds of jumping jacks, followed by 20 squats, then 20 sit-ups… and so on. it’s intense, that’s why it burns so much, so fast… then voila! you’re done. kickboxing. this is a great full body workout. it’s a fun way to burn calories as well as get out some aggression. this is great for muscle building as you do your cardio. burn up to 500 – 700 calories in a 40 minutes session. cycling. this is a killer calorie workout you can do all year round. in the winter you can join a spin classes, or cycle comfortably in your own home on your own time with a gym-quality spin bike. in the summer, of course you can get out and hit the bike trails and go for miles. either way, cycling can burn about 500 calories per hour. aerobics class. there are a variety of different classes you can take; body pump, zumba, step, barre, circuit training. regardless of what you take, you can burn around 500 – 700 calories per hour if you really move! posted in exercise, health, weight loss | tagged calories burning exercies, spin bike | comments off on get calorie burning with these 7 workouts ← older posts search search for: proudly serving communities in: minnesota wisconsin illinois iowa missouri indiana south dakota north dakota arizona nebraska oklahoma home careers special services brands we carry promotions shop products fitness blog store locator contact us sitemap facebook commercial © 2014 2nd wind exercise equipment | privacy policy 7585 equitable dr | eden prairie, minnesota 55344 952.544.5249 web design & development by savvy pro web