来源URL: https://web.archive.org/web/20180125064824/http://www.dyson.com/air-treatment.aspx
================================================================================

air treatment, air purifiers, heaters, fans, humidifiers, purifier filters | dyson skip navigation thanks. we've saved your preferences. you can update your contact preferences at any time in the keep in touch section of your dyson. if you have a your dyson account, you can log in below to manage your contact options. change your contact preferences. change your contact preferences. contact us 1-866-693-9766 sale products vacuum cleaners cordless stick vacuums upright vacuums canister vacuums handheld vacuums which dyson for you? hair care dyson airwrap™ styler dyson supersonic™ hair dryer dyson supersonic™ hair dryer 23.75 karat gold dyson supersonic™ hair dryer professional edition dyson hair care accessories air treatment purifiers humidifiers purifier filters fans and heaters dyson cool™ fans dyson hot+cool™ fan heaters lighting csys™ task lights cu-beam™ suspended lights hand dryers dyson airblade v hand dryer dyson airblade db hand dryer dyson airblade wash+dry hand dryer for business dyson for business overview lighting for business hand dryers for business hair care for hotels & leisure hair care for stylists air treatment for business resource library case studies hygiene sectors offices hotels education hospitality transportation support get the most out of your machine support guides troubleshooting tools replacement parts dyson demo stores service centers repairs and servicing information quick links find your serial number find my machine contact us register your dyson machine register your dyson hand dryer common fixes your dyson your dyson technology your details activate your warranty www.dyson.com open dyson search box www.dyson.com "clear the search box. search "search. most searched for v10 cordless vacuum spare parts v8 cordless vacuum supersonic register warranty your basket is empty. your basket has items in it click to view the basket dyson purifiers and humidifiers can treat the air you breathe price match promise free 2-day shipping. exclusions apply. 2-year parts and labor warranty 30-day money-back guarantee price match promise price match promise be confident that you're getting the best price on dyson.com. if within 30 days of purchase you should find the same model currently advertised by an authorized us dyson retailer at a lower price, we’ll refund you the difference. just contact our customer service team at 1-866-664-9004 or chat to get started. here’s what you’ll need to know: - product must be the exact same model number as it appears on dyson.com and in stock. - proof of advertised price by an authorized dealer is required (copy of flyer or website url). - authorized dealers are limited to amazon, barneys, best buy, costco, bed bath & beyond, home depot, kohls, lowes, macy’s, moma, neiman marcus, qvc, sams club, sears, sephora, target, ulta, video audio center, and wal-mart. - product must be new and in original packaging. it cannot be reconditioned (refurbished), used, damaged, returned, open box, or a demonstrator product. - product price must not be lower due to an advertising error or misprint. lower price will not be honored if the result of a violation of a dyson unilateral advertising or pricing policy or if doing so would result in a violation of a dyson policy. free 2-day shipping. exclusions apply. free 2-day shipping please allow 1-2 business days for order processing. the shipping cost of machines (vacuum cleaners, fans, heaters, humidifiers, purifiers, hair dryers, and lighting) is free of charge when ordering on dyson.com for select zip codes. eligibilty varies by location of item and the shipping address zip code. in-stock orders received by 1:00 pm eastern time monday-friday will usually ship same day. orders will usually ship the next business day if received after 1:00 pm eastern time, on saturday-sunday, or on public holidays. all spares and accessories will ship separately, and be delivered between 10-15 business days. any items not part of an order containing a machine will incur a $8.95 shipping and handling charge. on acceptance of orders, dyson will make every effort to process them within the stated time frame. dyson will not be held liable for shipping delays caused by severe weather or unforeseen events. to ensure the security of purchases, dyson may need to contact customers to validate orders, which may cause delays. transit time may vary depending on proximity to distribution center and inventory availability. dyson only ships to us delivery addresses in the 50 states, and cannot deliver to po boxes or apo/fpo addresses. 2-year parts and labor warranty dyson parts and labor warranty all dyson cordless vacuums, purifiers, humidifiers, heaters, fans, and hair dryers are covered by our 2-years parts and labor warranty. all dyson upright and canister vacuums are covered by our 5-years parts and labor warranty. but we'll still be here when yours runs out; we provide dyson technology owners with a lifetime of support. if you need to contact dyson for advice, you'll speak to a dyson employee in our us office. phone, email, live chat, facebook, twitter; our experts are on hand. and for out-of-hours assistance, you can find quick answers on our help pages. and when you buy from dyson.com, we register your warranty automatically - you won't have to fill in any more forms. 30-day money-back guarantee money-back guarantee if you’d like to return a dyson machine for a full refund, you need to do so within 30 days of purchase. for dyson cyclone v10™ vacuums, you have 90 days from purchase. dyson direct will pay for return freight. customer service helpline if you have questions please contact us. you can email or call: - questions@dyson.com - our digital support team is available 24 hours a day, 7 days a week. most inquiries are handled within two hours or less - 1-866-my-dyson (1-866-693-9766) - our helpline is available from 8am - 8pm monday to friday, and 9am-6pm saturday (closed sunday). dyson direct returns policy if you wish to return any product purchased from dyson direct, please contact our toll-free contact center at 1-866-my-dyson (1-866-693-9766) prior to returning your merchandise. to receive a full refund for an item purchased from dyson, please follow these three steps: 1. call the contact center to initiate your return and to identify the correct return shipping address and method. 2. package the item(s) to be returned in the original dyson packaging. 3. send your returned item(s) shipping prepaid to dyson within 30 days of purchase for a full refund. unauthorized or cod returns will not be accepted. please allow 4-8 weeks for return processing. products returned to dyson will receive a full refund and dyson will pay for the return freight. automatically purifies to remove gases, allergens and pollutants from the air explore dyson purifiers scientifically proven to hydrate the air. explore dyson humidifier choose your model dyson pure cool™ dyson pure cool™ dyson pure cool™ dyson pure cool™ dyson pure cool™ dyson pure cool™ dyson pure hot+cool link™ dyson pure hot+cool link™ dyson pure hot+cool link™ free additional filter dyson pure cool™ purifying tower fan tp04 (white/silver) automatically purifies and cools a whole room. senses and displays real-time air quality. connects to dyson link app. 29 reviews color: white / silver white / silver black / silver iron / blue 3 accessories included see all hide click to learn more remote control curved and magnetised to store neatly on the machine inner carbon filter hepa filter free additional filter with purchase. free additional filter with purchase. $549.99 free additional filter with purchase. close keep me updated sorry, this product is currently out of stock. please leave us your email address if you'd like us to notify you when it's available. unless you've previously opted in to receive marketing emails from us, we'll only use your email address to notify you when this item is back in stock. email address* notify me add to basket learn more free additional filter dyson pure cool™ purifying tower fan tp04 (black/nickel) automatically purifies and cools a whole room. senses and displays real-time air quality. connects to dyson link app. 29 reviews color: black / silver white / silver black / silver iron / blue 3 accessories included see all hide click to learn more remote control curved and magnetised to store neatly on the machine inner carbon filter hepa filter free additional filter with purchase. free additional filter with purchase. $549.99 free additional filter with purchase. close keep me updated sorry, this product is currently out of stock. please leave us your email address if you'd like us to notify you when it's available. unless you've previously opted in to receive marketing emails from us, we'll only use your email address to notify you when this item is back in stock. email address* notify me add to basket learn more free additional filter dyson pure cool purifying tower fan tp04 (iron/blue) automatically purifies and cools a whole room. senses and displays real-time air quality. connects to dyson link app. 29 reviews color: iron / blue white / silver black / silver iron / blue 3 accessories included see all hide click to learn more remote control curved and magnetised to store neatly on the machine inner carbon filter hepa filter free additional filter with purchase. free additional filter with purchase. $549.99 free additional filter with purchase. close keep me updated sorry, this product is currently out of stock. please leave us your email address if you'd like us to notify you when it's available. unless you've previously opted in to receive marketing emails from us, we'll only use your email address to notify you when this item is back in stock. email address* notify me add to basket learn more free additional filter dyson pure cool™ purifying fan dp04 (white/silver) automatically purifies and cools a whole room. senses and displays real-time air quality. connects to dyson link app. for smaller spaces. 23 reviews color: white / silver white / silver black / silver iron / blue 3 accessories included see all hide click to learn more remote control curved and magnetised to store neatly on the machine inner carbon filter glass hepa & inner carbon filter retail free additional filter with purchase. free additional filter with purchase. $449.99 free additional filter with purchase. close keep me updated sorry, this product is currently out of stock. please leave us your email address if you'd like us to notify you when it's available. unless you've previously opted in to receive marketing emails from us, we'll only use your email address to notify you when this item is back in stock. email address* notify me add to basket learn more free additional filter dyson pure cool™ purifying fan dp04 (black/nickel) automatically purifies and cools a whole room. senses and displays real-time air quality. connects to dyson link app. for smaller spaces. 23 reviews color: black / silver white / silver black / silver iron / blue 3 accessories included see all hide click to learn more remote control curved and magnetised to store neatly on the machine inner carbon filter hepa filter free additional filter with purchase. free additional filter with purchase. $449.99 free additional filter with purchase. close keep me updated sorry, this product is currently out of stock. please leave us your email address if you'd like us to notify you when it's available. unless you've previously opted in to receive marketing emails from us, we'll only use your email address to notify you when this item is back in stock. email address* notify me add to basket learn more free additional filter dyson pure cool purifying fan dp04 (iron/blue) automatically purifies and cools a whole room. senses and displays real-time air quality. connects to dyson link app. for smaller spaces. 23 reviews color: iron / blue white / silver black / silver iron / blue 3 accessories included see all hide click to learn more remote control curved and magnetised to store neatly on the machine hepa filter glass hepa & inner carbon filter retail free additional filter with purchase. free additional filter with purchase. $449.99 free additional filter with purchase. close keep me updated sorry, this product is currently out of stock. please leave us your email address if you'd like us to notify you when it's available. unless you've previously opted in to receive marketing emails from us, we'll only use your email address to notify you when this item is back in stock. email address* notify me add to basket learn more dyson pure hot+cool link™ purifier (white/silver) purifies, heats and cools you. connects to dyson link app. for larger spaces. 51 reviews color: white / silver white / silver iron / blue sprayed nickel black / nickel 1 accessory included see all hide click to learn more remote control curved and magnetized to store neatly on the machine free additional filter with purchase. free additional filter with purchase. was $599.99 $479.99 save $120.00 free additional filter with purchase. close keep me updated sorry, this product is currently out of stock. please leave us your email address if you'd like us to notify you when it's available. unless you've previously opted in to receive marketing emails from us, we'll only use your email address to notify you when this item is back in stock. email address* notify me add to basket learn more dyson pure hot+cool link™ purifier (iron/blue) purifies, heats and cools you. connects to dyson link app. for larger spaces. removes gases, pollutants and allergens. compatible with dyson link app. 51 reviews color: iron / blue white / silver iron / blue sprayed nickel black / nickel 1 accessory included see all hide click to learn more remote control curved and magnetized to store neatly on the machine currently out of stock. free additional filter with purchase. free additional filter with purchase. was $599.99 $479.99 save $120.00 free additional filter with purchase. close keep me updated sorry, this product is currently out of stock. please leave us your email address if you'd like us to notify you when it's available. unless you've previously opted in to receive marketing emails from us, we'll only use your email address to notify you when this item is back in stock. email address* notify me keep me updated learn more dyson.com exclusive dyson pure hot+cool link™ purifier (nickel) purifies, heats and cools you. connects to dyson link app. for larger spaces. 51 reviews color: sprayed nickel white / silver iron / blue sprayed nickel black / nickel 1 accessory included see all hide click to learn more remote control curved and magnetized to store neatly on the machine currently out of stock. free additional filter with purchase. free additional filter with purchase. was $619.99 $479.99 save $140.00 free additional filter with purchase. close keep me updated sorry, this product is currently out of stock. please leave us your email address if you'd like us to notify you when it's available. unless you've previously opted in to receive marketing emails from us, we'll only use your email address to notify you when this item is back in stock. email address* notify me keep me updated learn more dyson pure cool link™ (nickel) purifying desk fan for smaller spaces. connects to dyson link app. 10 reviews color: sprayed nickel sprayed nickel white / silver what's included see all hide click to learn more remote control curved and magnetized to store neatly on the machine free additional filter with purchase. free additional filter with purchase. was $419.99 $299.99 save $120.00 free additional filter with purchase. close keep me updated sorry, this product is currently out of stock. please leave us your email address if you'd like us to notify you when it's available. unless you've previously opted in to receive marketing emails from us, we'll only use your email address to notify you when this item is back in stock. email address* notify me add to basket learn more dyson pure cool link (white/silver) purifying desk fan for smaller spaces. connects to dyson link app. 10 reviews color: white / silver sprayed nickel white / silver 1 accessory included see all hide click to learn more remote control curved and magnetized to store neatly on the machine free additional filter with purchase. free additional filter with purchase. was $399.99 $299.99 save $100.00 free additional filter with purchase. close keep me updated sorry, this product is currently out of stock. please leave us your email address if you'd like us to notify you when it's available. unless you've previously opted in to receive marketing emails from us, we'll only use your email address to notify you when this item is back in stock. email address* notify me add to basket learn more dyson pure cool link™ tower fan (white/silver) purifying tower fan for larger spaces. connects to dyson link app. removes gases, pollutants and allergens. compatible with dyson link app. 125 reviews color: white / silver white / silver iron / blue sprayed nickel 1 accessory included see all hide click to learn more remote control curved and magnetized to store neatly on the machine free additional filter with purchase. price matched! free additional filter with purchase.price matched! was $499.99 $345.99 save $154.00 free additional filter with purchase. price matched! close keep me updated sorry, this product is currently out of stock. please leave us your email address if you'd like us to notify you when it's available. unless you've previously opted in to receive marketing emails from us, we'll only use your email address to notify you when this item is back in stock. email address* notify me add to basket learn more dyson pure cool link™ tower fan (iron/blue) purifying tower fan for larger spaces. connects to dyson link app. removes gases, pollutants and allergens. compatible with dyson link app. 125 reviews color: iron / blue white / silver iron / blue sprayed nickel 1 accessory included see all hide click to learn more remote control curved and magnetized to store neatly on the machine free additional filter with purchase. price matched! free additional filter with purchase.price matched! was $499.99 $345.99 save $154.00 free additional filter with purchase. price matched! close keep me updated sorry, this product is currently out of stock. please leave us your email address if you'd like us to notify you when it's available. unless you've previously opted in to receive marketing emails from us, we'll only use your email address to notify you when this item is back in stock. email address* notify me add to basket learn more dyson.com exclusive dyson pure cool link™ tower fan (nickel) purifying tower fan for larger spaces. connects to dyson link app. 125 reviews color: sprayed nickel white / silver iron / blue sprayed nickel 1 accessory included see all hide click to learn more remote control curved and magnetized to store neatly on the machine currently out of stock. free additional filter with purchase. price matched! free additional filter with purchase.price matched! was $519.99 $345.99 save $174.00 free additional filter with purchase. price matched! close keep me updated sorry, this product is currently out of stock. please leave us your email address if you'd like us to notify you when it's available. unless you've previously opted in to receive marketing emails from us, we'll only use your email address to notify you when this item is back in stock. email address* notify me keep me updated learn more dyson humidifier am10 the hygienic humidifier with even room coverage. powerful personal cooling. 47 reviews what's included see all hide click to learn more remote control price matched! price matched! was $499.99 $349.99 save $150.00 price matched! close keep me updated sorry, this product is currently out of stock. please leave us your email address if you'd like us to notify you when it's available. unless you've previously opted in to receive marketing emails from us, we'll only use your email address to notify you when this item is back in stock. email address* notify me add to basket learn more play video play video play video play video play video play video play video play video play video play video play video compare enter amount calculate direct from dyson price match promise prices matched daily free 2-day shipping exclusions apply. 2-year warranty includes parts and labor 30-day money-back guarantee with free shipping on returns price match promise price match promise be confident that you're getting the best price on dyson.com. if within 30 days of purchase you should find the same model currently advertised by an authorized us dyson retailer at a lower price, we’ll refund you the difference. just contact our customer service team at 1-866-664-9004 or chat to get started. here’s what you’ll need to know: - product must be the exact same model number as it appears on dyson.com and in stock. - proof of advertised price by an authorized dealer is required (copy of flyer or website url). - authorized dealers are limited to amazon, barneys, best buy, costco, bed bath & beyond, home depot, kohls, lowes, macy’s, moma, neiman marcus, qvc, sams club, sears, sephora, target, ulta, video audio center, and wal-mart. - product must be new and in original packaging. it cannot be reconditioned (refurbished), used, damaged, returned, open box, or a demonstrator product. - product price must not be lower due to an advertising error or misprint. lower price will not be honored if the result of a violation of a dyson unilateral advertising or pricing policy or if doing so would result in a violation of a dyson policy. free 2-day shipping free 2-day shipping please allow 1-2 business days for order processing. the shipping cost of machines (vacuum cleaners, fans, heaters, humidifiers, purifiers, hair dryers, and lighting) is free of charge when ordering on dyson.com for select zip codes. eligibilty varies by location of item and the shipping address zip code. in-stock orders received by 1:00 pm eastern time monday-friday will usually ship same day. orders will usually ship the next business day if received after 1:00 pm eastern time, on saturday-sunday, or on public holidays. all spares and accessories will ship separately, and be delivered between 10-15 business days. any items not part of an order containing a machine will incur a $8.95 shipping and handling charge. on acceptance of orders, dyson will make every effort to process them within the stated time frame. dyson will not be held liable for shipping delays caused by severe weather or unforeseen events. to ensure the security of purchases, dyson may need to contact customers to validate orders, which may cause delays. transit time may vary depending on proximity to distribution center and inventory availability. dyson only ships to us delivery addresses in the 50 states, and cannot deliver to po boxes or apo/fpo addresses. 2-year warranty dyson parts and labor warranty all dyson cordless vacuums, purifiers, humidifiers, heaters, fans, and hair dryers are covered by our 2-years parts and labor warranty. all dyson upright and canister vacuums are covered by our 5-years parts and labor warranty. but we'll still be here when yours runs out; we provide dyson technology owners with a lifetime of support. if you need to contact dyson for advice, you'll speak to a dyson employee in our us office. phone, email, live chat, facebook, twitter; our experts are on hand. and for out-of-hours assistance, you can find quick answers on our help pages. and when you buy from dyson.com, we register your warranty automatically - you won't have to fill in any more forms. 30-day money-back guarantee money-back guarantee if you’d like to return a dyson machine for a full refund, you need to do so within 30 days of purchase. for dyson cyclone v10™ vacuums, you have 90 days from purchase. dyson direct will pay for return freight. customer service helpline if you have questions please contact us. you can email or call: - questions@dyson.com - our digital support team is available 24 hours a day, 7 days a week. most inquiries are handled within two hours or less - 1-866-my-dyson (1-866-693-9766) - our helpline is available from 8am - 8pm monday to friday, and 9am-6pm saturday (closed sunday). dyson direct returns policy if you wish to return any product purchased from dyson direct, please contact our toll-free contact center at 1-866-my-dyson (1-866-693-9766) prior to returning your merchandise. to receive a full refund for an item purchased from dyson, please follow these three steps: 1. call the contact center to initiate your return and to identify the correct return shipping address and method. 2. package the item(s) to be returned in the original dyson packaging. 3. send your returned item(s) shipping prepaid to dyson within 30 days of purchase for a full refund. unauthorized or cod returns will not be accepted. please allow 4-8 weeks for return processing. products returned to dyson will receive a full refund and dyson will pay for the return freight. *the filter life is 1 year if used 12 hours a day on auto mode. are you an owner? register your product find the right tool find the right part get help for your machine home products united states change language or region vacuum cleaners hair dryers support contact us opens in new window warranty terms opens in new window repairs and servicing information careers opens in new window press opens in new window california transparency declaration company information opens in new window james dyson foundation opens in new window privacy policy opens in new window accessibility statement terms & conditions opens in new window delivery details opens in new window safety recall opens in new window returns policy opens in new window corporate social responsibility opens in new window sitemap opens in new window © dyson 2018 select your location close location selector europe asia/pacific north america south america middle east africa belgie (nederlands) belgique (française) cyprus (english) danmark deutschland españa france hrvatska ireland italia latvija luxembourg (deutsch) luxembourg (français) magyarország nederland norge polska portugal românia schweiz (deutsch) slovenija slovenska republika suisse (française) suomi sverige svizzera (italiano) türkçe united kingdom österreich česká republika ελλάδα κύπρος (ελληνικά) българия россия (русский) україна australia hong kong (english) india indonesia (bahasa) indonesia (english) malaysia new zealand philippines (english) singapore south korea thailand (english) ประเทศไทย (ไทย) 中国大陆地区 (简体中文) 台灣（繁體中文) 日本 香港(繁體中文) canada (english) canada (français) costa rica el salvador guatemala honduras mexico usa brazil chile colombia panama peru israel (english) lebanon (english) qatar saudi arabia (english) türkçe uae (english) ישראל ( עברית) yisra'el الإمارات العربيّة المتّحدة ‎ السعودية جزيره العرب ‎ morocco south africa europe belgie (nederlands) belgique (française) cyprus (english) danmark deutschland españa france hrvatska ireland italia latvija luxembourg (deutsch) luxembourg (français) magyarország nederland norge polska portugal românia schweiz (deutsch) slovenija slovenska republika suisse (française) suomi sverige svizzera (italiano) türkçe united kingdom österreich česká republika ελλάδα κύπρος (ελληνικά) българия россия (русский) україна asia/pacific australia hong kong (english) india indonesia (bahasa) indonesia (english) malaysia new zealand philippines (english) singapore south korea thailand (english) ประเทศไทย (ไทย) 中国大陆地区 (简体中文) 台灣（繁體中文) 日本 香港(繁體中文) north america canada (english) canada (français) costa rica el salvador guatemala honduras mexico usa south america brazil chile colombia panama peru middle east israel (english) lebanon (english) qatar saudi arabia (english) türkçe uae (english) ישראל ( עברית) yisra'el الإمارات العربيّة المتّحدة ‎ السعودية جزيره العرب ‎ africa morocco south africa we'll notify you at we're sorry, but something went wrong. please try again.