来源URL: https://web.archive.org/web/20131231220333/http://www.ediblearrangements.com/franchiseopportunities/
================================================================================

franchise opportunities | own an edible arrangements® franchise | edible arrangements® make life a little sweeter®please wait... you may have temporarily lost connection with the internet. please use the refresh button below to check your connectivity.orcall 877-do-fruit (877-363-7848) to place your edible arrangements® order. 877-363-7848 customer service | espanol | usa | edible arrangements® international websites united states of america bahrain canada china hong kong india italy kuwait oman (عمان‎) puerto rico qatar saudi arabia turkey united arab emirates welcome login or register gift reminders my account address book edit profile change password sign out arrangements dipped fruit christmas business gifts special offers edible to go franchise find a store our story shop by product all arrangements dipped fruit boxes featured fruit truffles® cupcake collection featured on tv newest arrangements seasonal collection shop by event bridal showers corporate events baby showers weddings shop by recipient for her for him for kids holidays christmas new year specialty collections kids & kids at heart collection® sports containers everyday occasions anniversary birthday business gifts congratulations get well good luck graduation i'm sorry just because love new baby sympathy thank you learn more learn about edible arrangements® the fruit experts since 1999 what is edible carestm? edible arrangements® faqs useful links find a store track your order sign up for special offers visit one of 1190 edible arrangements® stores worldwide! our stores create magnificent, fresh fruit arrangements and gourmet chocolate dipped fruit to order, for pickup or delivery, seven days a week. find a store near you location looking for an international location? learn more learn about edible arrangements® the fruit experts since 1999 what is edible carestm? edible arrangements® faqs useful links franchise opportunities track your order sign up for special offers about edible arrangements® who we are our mission: to wow you® our history edible carestm learn more edible arrangements® faqs read our blog press room join us career opportunities franchise opportunities apply at your local store our products fresh fruit arrangements chocolate dipped fruit edible to go® shop fresh picks fruit truffles® cupcake collection featured on tv newest arrangements seasonal collection useful links find a store contact us sign up for special offers when you need fresh fruit, and fast, we’ve got you (chocolate) covered!find out more about our fresh fruit products available on-the-go, including fresh fruit smoothies, fresh fruit salads, fruit sundaes, chocolate dipped fruit and more! fresh fruit to go™ edible to go® the experience our menu mall locations new! shop for arrangements fruit truffles® cupcake collection featured on tv newest arrangements seasonal collection learn more our mission: to wow you® the fruit experts since 1999 fresh fruit news edible arrangements® faqs useful links find a store contact us sign up for special offers edible arrangements® international websites united states of america bahrain canada china hong kong india italy kuwait oman (عمان‎) puerto rico qatar saudi arabia turkey united arab emirates home franchise opportunities call us 1-888-727-4258 a strong brand enter a new category on top two businesses in one major marketing muscle!* a unique product line get started now! about us read our blog our latest concept new! owner stories 77% total brand awarenessin gift category!* that means that almost 8 out of 10 consumers in the gift category know who we are!* we leverage this high awareness with breakthrough marketing messages to convert awareness into purchases. that’s why we have more than 5 years of consecutive double digit system-wide sales growth! *source: edible arrangements® awareness, trial, usage tracking study, winter 2012 wave. gift category includes flower and plant, fruit basket, gift basket, chocolates and fruit arrangements buyers. join a category leader... larry greenberg multi unit owner, 7-store enterprise in ca franchisee since 2006 as a multi-unit franchise owner, it’s important for you to find a business model that doesn’t compete with the other enterprises you add to your portfolio. with edible arrangements®, not only will you find us to be a complementary business model, you will also be joining a category leader with the system strength, brand awareness and industry experience to meet your high expectations. award-winning e-commerce website & customer call center we offer a strong storefront retail model, plus an e-commerce model. the average us store derives over 50% of revenue via e-commerce from our award-winning website and our customer call center*! your business is visible on the street and on the web - our 1100+ storefronts are a major advantage over competitors. source: edible arrangements® us 2012 year-end sales by channel ratio reporting. a robust & effective marketing plan we are strong users of us national tv advertising, and we do extensive online search and display marketing. we supplement our advertising with print, radio, local marketing materials and in-store merchandising. we work with proven advertising and media agencies with years of experience in successfully marketing retail brands. *edible arrangements® us national television fund, marketing fund and collective local store marketing budgets. we are, simply put, the fruit experts®! no one has been doing it longer or better than we have. our product lines are all made from the freshest fruit: fresh fruit bouquets - floral beauty that you can eat. made fresh daily from whole fruit! fresh dipped fruit - our same top quality fresh fruit, dipped in gourmet semisweet or white chocolate, and topped with delicious toppings like nuts or coconut! fresh fruit salads and parfaits - grab one and go! made from fresh cut fruit and topped with your choice of goodies; you can even make a fruit salad a fruit sundae! fresh fruit drinks - all natural smoothies, citrus coolers and juices. made from fresh cut fruit and fresh squeezed juice, and naturally sweetened! the freshest name in franchising at edible arrangements®, we’re proud to make a product that helps people celebrate the most important occasions in life, and we are equally as proud to offer a franchise opportunity that gives franchisees have a reason to celebrate! the first edible arrangements® store was launched in 1999 in east haven, connecticut, inspired by the convergence of three trends: americans' growing consumption of fresh fruit, the robust growth in the specialty food market and the increasing amount of money americans were spending on gifts. since its inception, edible arrangements® has been named one of america’s fastest-growing privately held businesses in america by inc. magazine, and one of the top franchise systems in entrepreneur annual franchise 500® magazine. after franchising our first location in 2001, edible arrangements® has grown to over 1,100 stores, located throughout the united states, canada, puerto rico, united arab emirates, saudi arabia, qatar, kuwait, hong kong, italy, turkey, bahrain, india, china, and oman. sales climbed to over $450 million in 2012! we are excited to help you learn why we have grown so quickly, with such wonderful franchisees, and to see if you might be a fit for our next platform of strategic growth. click get started now above, fill out the contact information, and one of our franchise development consultants will contact you to help you learn more about the edible arrangements® franchise opportunity! can’t wait? please call 1-888-727-4258 to speak with us directly any time. featured franchise owner stories kevin & vanessa cianciulli multi unit owners 3-stores enterprise in sc & ga “my favorite part about this business is coming to work and knowing you’re going to put a smile on someone’s face today, no matter how you feel.” german pao miami, fl “the ea support team gives you confidence, and comfort that you can trust them. having them in place and knowing the way they function gives me the peace of mind to know that if i were to expand, i have a good team that is going to help me be successful.” gurpaul ahluwalia elmhurst, ny “this is a product that’s always exciting to receive and to send. and i’ve noticed i’m seeing more and more edible arrangements  stores and delivery trucks wherever i am!” judy annunziata multi unit owner 3-stores enterprise in ny “the product is selling itself, and everybody loves it. i’m pleased as a franchisee that the business is taking off as well as it has. when i took it on, a lot of people asked me if i was nervous. i haven’t been, and i don’t plan on it.” sandy thomas dundalk, md “it seems like everyone wants to work here! they think it’s the coolest place. and if i can provide a living for someone, that is the most important thing to me— it’s always rewarding.” your questions answered here are the answers to some of the most frequently asked questions. submit our get started form for more details, or to get answers to any other questions. q. what does it cost to open an edible arrangements® location? the approximate investment range for opening an edible arrangements® store is between $153,066 - $278,106. * for additional details on the investment range of a single store, please request more info, and one of our franchise development consultants will contact you. *this information appears in item 7 of our franchise disclosure document issued on may 3, 2013. you should review that franchise disclosure document for a full discussion of this and other information. q. where is the edible arrangements® brand expanding? the edible arrangements® brand continues to grow throughout the u.s. and in international markets! our expansion plans are quite ambitious, and include many of the top u.s. markets and regions abroad. consult an edible arrangements® franchise development consultant to see what type of opportunities are available in your market. q. is there any financing available? we have several third party partners that can provide assistance in the financing of an edible arrangements® store(s). in most cases, these partners require the cash injection of $80,000 - $100,000, a credit score of 675+, and a net worth of $500,000 to qualify for a loan. speak to your edible arrangements® franchise development consultant for additional details on available financing programs. q. how much money can i make? you can find more information about this in our franchise disclosure document (fdd). it provides many details that will assist you in making an informed decision. upon the start of the discovery process, your edible arrangements® franchise development consultant will be able to provide additional guidance in securing information about the edible arrangements® franchise system. q. what type of training and support do you provide? our initial training program for all new franchisees includes two weeks of hands-on training at edible arrangements® university at our corporate headquarters in wallingford, ct, and in-store training at an edible arrangements® training store. franchisees receive instruction on sales, management, production and customer service procedures during this time. once you’ve graduated from “eau” and are ready to open your new edible arrangements® store, an edible arrangements® field business consultant will come to your store to assist with additional on-site training through your store opening. and, with our proprietary e-learning software, you and your employees can continue to learn store processes and more with real-time updates right from your store. q. what are the royalty contributions? the royalty fees are 5% of the gross receipts when in compliance with the franchise agreement. q. what special skills are required? edible arrangements® is looking for candidates that possess: •	customer service aptitude •	financial management skills •	managerial experience •	motivation and a strong desire to succeed •	willingness to follow a proven system •	the ability to personally devote the time and effort necessary to build, manage and supervise an edible arrangements® store or enterprise immediate opportunities in the u.s. & worldwide! submit our get started form now to find out more. order by phone 877-363-7848 |  edible arrangements®, the fruit basket logo, and other marks mentioned herein are registered trademarks of edible arrangements, llc. sweet! thanks for signing up. check your inbox for your first email from us soon! make sure you connect with us here, too... sign up for promotions & special offers terms of use | privacy policy | allergy/safety info © 2013 edible arrangements, llc. all rights reserved.