来源URL: https://web.archive.org/web/20131231220333/http://www.ediblearrangements.com/TermsAndConditions/
================================================================================

edible arrangements® - terms and conditions guest appreciation event: free 6-box with $40+ purchase offer expires 1/31/2014 at 11:59pm est. buy any product(s) and eligible add-on(s) resulting in a merchandise total of $40 or more per recipient excluding tax and delivery and get a free 6-ct mixed chocolate dipped fruit box. free box is a $16 value. selection included in the free box may vary, and is at each store's discretion. guests may choose to have a free 6-ct box sent to the recipient along with the original qualifying order, or to receive a gift voucher for a free 6-ct box via email. containers may vary. not valid on previous purchases. valid at participating locations only, while supplies last. not valid on shipment orders. acceptance and use is subject to all applicable laws. void where prohibited. gift voucher emails will be sent within 72 hours of purchase to the email address provided at the time the order is placed. gift voucher expires on 2/5/2014 and is valid for 1 free mixed 6-ct dipped fruit box for in-store pickup only. not valid for delivery or shipment. selection included in the free box may vary, and is at each store’s discretion. gift voucher cannot be combined with any other offer, promotion, coupon or coupon code. order must be placed for the free 6-box online, by calling 1-877-363-7848, or by calling or visiting a local store using the exclusive code provided in the gift voucher email. not valid on previous purchases and cannot be combined with any other offer. excludes tax. valid at participating locations only, while supplies last. acceptance and use of code is subject to all applicable laws. void where prohibited. see gift voucher email for details. guest appreciation event: win arrangements for a year! contest name: guest appreciation event: win arrangements for a year! sponsor: edible arrangements international, llc (“sponsor”) sponsor address: 95 barnes road, wallingford, ct 06492 telephone: (203) 774-8000 no purchase or payment of any kind is necessary to enter or win. purchase does not increase odds of winning. contest is open only to individuals who are legal residents of the united states, puerto rico, and the district of columbia, and canada (excluding quebec) and who have reached the age of majority in their state/province of residence at the time of entry (entrants). contest is void where prohibited. odds of winning depend upon the number of eligible entries received during the contest period. valid at participating edible arrangements® stores only. description of contest/participation. dates of contest: contest entries accepted between 8:00 a.m. (est) on january 9, 2014 through 11:59 pm (est) on january 31, 2014 (“contest period”). how to enter: there are two methods of entry: during the contest period, submit your email address online, or submit your email address at a participating edible arrangements® store. submit email address online: log onto sponsor’s website at www.ediblearrangements.com/2014 and submit your email address. guests can only enter via online submission once per day, and each online submission counts as 1 entry. submit email address at a participating edible arrangements® store: visit your local participating edible arrangements® store and submit your e-mail address. guests can only enter via in-store submission once per day, and each in-store submission counts as 10 entries. entrants may enter the contest by both the online and in-store method each day, for a maximum total of 11 entries per day during the contest period. in the event of a dispute, all entries will be deemed to have been submitted by the owner of the email account from which they were sent.prize(s). sponsor will give away one arrangement a month (february, 2014 through january, 2015) to one winner, as noted below. prizes are redeemable at participating edible arrangements® store: visit your local participating edible arrangements® stores during the store’s operating hours within the applicable time frames noted below: february: small berry chocolate star bouquet™, with a retail value of up to us $69.00/ca $74.00. redeemable february 1, 2014 through february 28, 2014 except on the following blackout dates: february 12, 2014 through february 16, 2014. march: small delicious celebration®, with a retail value of up to us $49.00/ca $52.00. redeemable march 1, 2014 through march 31, 2014. april: joyous daisy™, with a retail value of up to us $40.00/ca $43.00. redeemable april 1, 2014 through april 30, 2014. may: small love bouquet, with a retail value of up to us $39.00/ca $42.00. redeemable may 1, 2014 through may 31, 2014 except on the following blackout dates: may 8, 2014 through may 12, 2014. june: small watermelon kiwi summer bouquet™, with a retail value of up to us $59.00/ca $62.00. redeemable june 1, 2014 through june 30, 2014 except on the following blackout dates: june 12, 2014 through june 15, 2014. july: mango kiwi daisy, with a retail value of up to us $39.00/ca $42.00. redeemable july 1, 2014 through july 31, 2014. august: small confetti fruit cupcake, with a retail value of up to us $55.00/ca $59.00. redeemable august 1, 2014 through august 31, 2014. september: small thank you bouquet, with a retail value of up to us $39.00/ca $42.00. redeemable september 1, 2014 through september 30, 2014. october: small bootastic bouquet, with a retail value of up to us $65.00/ca $69.00. redeemable october 1, 2014 through october 31, 2014. november: small autumn swizzle bouquet™ w/cinnamon chocolate apple wedges, with a retail value of up to us $80.00/ca $84.00. redeemable november 1, 2014 through november 30, 2014. december: holiday star apple daisy™, with a retail value of up to us $39.00/ca $42.00. redeemable december 1, 2014 through december 31, 2014 except on the following blackout dates: december 22, 2014 through december 26, 2014. january: small cheer me up bouquet™, with a retail value of up to us $35.00/ca $38.00. redeemable january 1, 2015 through january 31, 2015. values include item cost only. each prize is awarded if properly claimed each month according to these rules and if there are sufficient eligible entries. all other costs and expenses related to prize acceptance and use not specified herein as being provided are the sole responsibility of winner(s). if the winner is disqualified or ineligible, sponsor may at its discretion determine an alternate winner or decline to award the prize. the valuation of the prizes stated above is based on information available to sponsor at the beginning of the contest period. the value of any prize awarded to a winner may be reported for tax purposes as required by law. each winner is solely responsible for reporting and paying any and all applicable taxes and expenses related to the prize which are not specifically provided for in these rules. prizes are not transferable, redeemable for cash or exchangeable for another prize, coupon or voucher except in sponsor’s sole discretion. winner selection: the winner will be selected randomly from all eligible entries received within the contest period. notification is deemed to have occurred immediately upon sending of an e-mail or any other form of communication. the winner will be notified by email on or around february 6, 2014, and sponsor will then send instructions and forms to be completed to claim the prizes, including vouchers (to be emailed monthly) that are redeemable at participating edible arrangements® locations. the winner can choose to pick up their prizes at a participating edible arrangements® store during the participating edible arrangements® store’s operating hours, and within the applicable time frame indicated in section 3 above or elect to have the prize delivered. blackout dates apply. if the winner does not arrange for a date to claim his/her prize within the specified monthly time frames, such winner waives the right to claim his or her prize for that month. the winner must provide eligibility information prior to being awarded the prize. if a winner does not respond to sponsor’s contact attempts for prize awarding or if a winner otherwise fails to comply with these contest rules, sponsor reserves the right to determine an alternate winner or not to award that winner’s prize, in its sole discretion. canada residents only: before being declared eligible to claim a prize, applicable canada law requires that any winner who is a canada resident must first correctly answer a time-limited mathematical skill-testing question to be administered by telephone by sponsor. if such winner fails to correctly answer, unaided, the skill-testing question, then he/she will be disqualified and forfeit his/her opportunity to be a winner. the sponsor, at its sole and absolute discretion, may randomly select another winner from the remaining eligible entries. all prizes are awarded “as is” and without any warranty of any kind, express or implied (including, without limitation, any implied warranty of merchantability or fitness for a particular purpose), and all such warranties are hereby disclaimed. sponsor is not responsible for an entrant’s change of email address. sponsor is not obligated to telephone winner (other than contacting canada resident winner for administration of skill-testing questions), leave a voice mail, answering machine or other message. sponsor is not responsible for and not liable for late, misdirected or unsuccessful efforts to notify a qualifier or potential winner or deliver the prize, or if the potential winner does not claim the prize within the appropriate time given upon notification. all decisions of sponsor are final. by participating in the contest, entrant agrees to be bound by these rules; that the decisions of sponsor are final on all matters relating to the contest; that entrant is not entering on behalf of anyone else; and in the event that entrant does not comply with these rules, then entrant will be disqualified. eligibility and limitations. the potential prize winner may in sponsor’s sole discretion be required to sign and return a declaration of eligibility and any other forms necessary to verify eligibility, along with any other information and releases within forty eight (48) hours after the first delivery attempt to entrant’s e-mail address in order to receive the prize, unless otherwise stated herein or at the time of notification. the potential prize winner's failure to follow all instructions and complete and return all required forms within this time period may result in disqualification and an alternate winner may be randomly selected from the remaining eligible entries in sponsor’s sole discretion. employees of sponsor or its affiliates, or of an edible arrangements® franchisee, their respective immediate family members, and members of their households are not eligible to participate or win. “immediate family” is defined as parents, siblings, children or spouse. tampering and delivery disclaimer. sponsor, in its sole discretion, reserves the right to disqualify and prohibit any person from participating in the contest if sponsor determines (in its sole discretion) that the person is or is attempting to: (i) tamper with any part of the contest; (ii) undermine the legitimate operation of the contest by cheating, deception, or other unfair playing practices, (iii) annoy, abuse, threaten or harass any one; and/or (iv) otherwise violate these rules. sponsor reserves the right to seek damages and any other available remedies from any such person(s) responsible for any such attempt to the fullest extent permitted by law. each entrant agrees to indemnify, defend, and hold harmless sponsor, any edible arrangements® franchisee (and their respective employees, agents, officers, directors, employees, agents, licensees, associates and affiliates from and against any and all claims, losses, damages and/or liabilities (including reasonable attorneys' fees and expenses) that may be asserted against or incurred by any of them at any time, in connection with the entry and/or by entrant’s breaches of any representation, warranty or covenants associated with this contest. in the event of termination of the contest by sponsor, sponsor reserves the right to award any prize(s) in a manner deemed fair and equitable by sponsor. in no event will the type and quantity of prizes awarded exceed the number of prizes described in these rules. publicity; use of personal information. by participating, where allowed by law, entrants grant sponsor permission to use their names, characters, photographs, entries, voices, and likenesses in connection with promotion of this and other contests and waive any claims to royalty, right, or remuneration for such use. by participating in the contest, where allowed by law, entrants agree that sponsor may use such information for marketing purposes, and may include the names of winner in a publicly available winners’ list. releases and conditions. by participating in the contest or accepting a prize, each entrant and winner waives (and unconditionally releases any and all claims of liability against sponsor, each edible arrangements® franchisee, and their respective employees, agents, officers, directors, employees, agents, licensees, associates, and affiliates for any injury, loss or damage which may occur from the conduct of, or participation in, the contest, or from the prize receipt and/or use or misuse of any prize, including any travel related thereto. winner agrees to allow sponsor to use winner’s names, voices, photographs, likenesses, biographical material, in any advertising or broadcasting material relating to this contest, without additional financial or other compensation, and where allowed by law, sign a publicity release confirming such consent prior to acceptance of the prize. sponsor is not responsible or liable to any entrant or winner or any person claiming through such entrant or winner for failure to supply the prize or any part thereof, by reason of any acts of god, any action, regulation, order or request by any governmental or quasi-governmental entity (whether or not the action, regulations, order or request proves to be invalid), equipment failure, air raid, blackout, act of public enemy, earthquake, volcanic eruption, war (declared or undeclared), fire, flood, epidemic, explosion, unusually severe weather, hurricane, embargo, labor dispute or strike (whether legal or illegal) labor or material shortage, transportation interruption of any kind, work slow-down, civil disturbance, insurrection, riot, or any other cause beyond the sponsor’s sole control. all taxes (other than the state/provincial sales tax or other value added taxes associated with the prize, if any), related fees, other costs and expenses related to prize acceptance and use not specified herein as being provided are the sole responsibility of prize winner. sponsor has no further obligation to winner. additional terms. all entries become the property of sponsor and will not be acknowledged or returned. use of any device to automate entry is prohibited. sponsor is not responsible for entries not received due to difficulty accessing the internet, service outage or delays, computer difficulties and other technological problems. sponsor is not responsible for lost, late, illegible, misdirected, or incomplete entries. miscellaneous.void except in the united states, the district of columbia, puerto rico, and canada. void in quebec. void wherever prohibited or restricted by law. for a copy of these rules, or where required by law, a list of winner, send a letter request by us mail or canada post to sponsor. as a condition of participating in the contest, entrants agree (and agree to confirm in writing): (a) under no circumstances will entrant be permitted to obtain awards for, and entrant hereby waives all rights to claim, punitive, incidental, consequential, or any other damages, other than for actual out-of-pocket expenses; (b) all causes of action arising out of or connected with this contest or any prize awarded shall be resolved individually, without resort to any form of class action; and (c) any and all claims, judgments, and award shall be limited to actual out-of-pocket costs incurred, excluding attorneys’ fees and court costs. participation in the contest constitutes entrant’s full and unconditional agreement to, and acceptance of these rules. winning a prize is contingent upon entrant’s fulfillment of all requirements set forth herein. the conduct of the contest is governed by the laws of the united states of america or canada (except quebec) (as applicable to the resident), which take precedence over any rule to the contrary herein. any questions, comments or complaints regarding the contest must be directed to sponsor. entrant acknowledges and understands that any information provided will be used for administering the contest and as otherwise described in these rules. edible arrangements® and other marks noted are registered trademarks of edible arrangements, llc. ©2014 edible arrangements, llc. all rights reserved.