来源URL: https://web.archive.org/web/20161221204458/https://www.ediblearrangements.com/TermsAndConditions/
================================================================================

edible arrangements® - terms and conditions save 20% off $50+! for a limited time, save 20% off any order of $50+ per recipient (excluding tax and delivery fees)! offer expires on 12/7/16 at 11:59pm est. enter code sale1257 at checkout to redeem. coupon expires on 12/8/16 at 3:00am edt. cannot be used on previous orders & already discounted products, cannot be combined with other coupons, coupon codes or promotional offers. no substitutions. not valid on previous purchases. offers valid for a limited time only, and may be terminated without notice. excludes fruit salads, smoothies, fruit parfaits, single pieces of dipped fruit, pineapple pops, and 6-count boxes. valid at participating locations only, while supplies last. void where prohibited. acceptance and use of code(s) is subject to all applicable laws. void where prohibited. edible arrangements® & design and all other marks noted are trademarks of edible arrangements, llc. © 2015 edible arrangements, llc. all rights reserved. cyber week deals edible rewards cyber monday deals! redeem any of our cyber monday offers at any time! choose from: 20% off sitewide (code: rewd2922), free delivery $30+ (code: free1228), $10 off sitewide (code: save3299). all offers expire on 12/4/16 at 11:59pm est. cannot be used on previous orders & already discounted products, cannot be combined with other coupons, coupon codes or promotional offers. free delivery has a $13.99 value. no substitutions. not valid on previous purchases. offers valid for a limited time only, and may be terminated without notice. valid at participating locations only, while supplies last. void where prohibited. acceptance and use of code(s) is subject to all applicable laws. void where prohibited. edible arrangements® & design and all other marks noted are trademarks of edible arrangements, llc. © 2015 edible arrangements, llc. all rights reserved. you could win a free arrangement! surprise savings! you could win: $10 off $29+, 20% off $29+, or free delivery on $30+. apply coupon code provided via email to redeem. one lucky winner will receive a free size regular season’s greetings celebration™ dipped strawberries! (“promotion”). to win, you must receive and redeem the unique coupon code awarded by email by the end of the redemption period. $10 off $29+, 20% off $29+, and free delivery on $30+ expire 12/4/16 at 11:59pm. free season’s greetings celebration™ dipped strawberries coupon must be redeemed by 12/23/16 at 11:59pm est. promotion expires on 12/12/16 at 11:59pm est if no winners identified prior to this deadline. season’s greetings celebration™ dipped strawberries is a size regular and has a $103 value (not including sales tax and delivery). free arrangement is redeemable in-store only. not redeemable on the website. purchaser will receive a coupon code for the free arrangement via email to provide to store. delivery fees and sales tax apply. cannot be combined with any additional coupons, coupon codes, or promotions. cannot be used on previous orders. no substitutions if winner cannot claim free arrangement. not valid on previous purchases. offer valid for a limited time only, and must be claimed by expiration date. this offer may be terminated without notice. valid at participating locations only, while supplies last. void where prohibited. acceptance and use of code(s) is subject to all applicable laws. edible®, edible arrangements® & design and all other marks noted are trademarks of edible arrangements, llc. © 2015 edible arrangements, llc. all rights reserved. edible rewards cyber monday deals edible rewards cyber monday deals! redeem any of our cyber monday offers at any time! choose from: 20% off sitewide, free delivery $30+, $10 off sitewide, or a free 12-ct box of chocolate dipped mixed fruit with $50+. see email or my account page for applicable coupon codes. all offers expire on 12/4/16 at 11:59pm est. cannot be used on previous orders & already discounted products, cannot be combined with other coupons, coupon codes or promotional offers. free delivery has a $13.99 value. chocolate dipped mixed fruit box has a $29 value and will be sent with the recipient. fruit selection in chocolate dipped mixed fruit box is to the store's discretion and can include any of the following: chocolate dipped banana slices, orange wedges, apple wedges, strawberries or pineapple. no substitutions. not valid on previous purchases. offers valid for a limited time only, and may be terminated without notice. valid at participating locations only, while supplies last. void where prohibited. acceptance and use of code(s) is subject to all applicable laws. void where prohibited. edible arrangements® & design and all other marks noted are trademarks of edible arrangements, llc. © 2015 edible arrangements, llc. all rights reserved. cyber monday 12am deal hurry for this cyber monday deal! for a limited time, save 20% off any order of $29+ per recipient (excluding tax and delivery fees)! offer expires on 11/28/16 at 7:59am est. enter code cybr1128 at checkout to redeem. cannot be used on previous orders & already discounted products, cannot be combined with other coupons, coupon codes or promotional offers. no substitutions. not valid on previous purchases. offers valid for a limited time only, and may be terminated without notice. excludes fruit salads, smoothies, fruit parfaits, single pieces of dipped fruit, pineapple pops, and 6-count boxes. valid at participating locations only, while supplies last. void where prohibited. acceptance and use of code(s) is subject to all applicable laws. void where prohibited. edible arrangements® & design and all other marks noted are trademarks of edible arrangements, llc. © 2015 edible arrangements, llc. all rights reserved. cyber monday 8am deal hurry for this cyber monday deal! receive free delivery ($13.99 value) on orders $30+ for cyber monday! enter code: dlvr8812 at checkout to redeem. offer expires on 11/28/16 at 11:59am est. no substitutions. not valid on previous purchases, pickup orders or products that are already discounted. valid at participating retail locations only, while supplies last. containers, boxes, balloons, plush toys may vary from shown. acceptance and use of use of code is subject to all applicable laws. void where prohibited. note: orders to be delivered to a zip code not serviced by a retail store will be delivered via ups (“shipping orders”). shipping orders incur an additional shipping charge that may be higher than the retail store delivery charge of $13.99. shipping charges vary depending upon size of order and shipping location. cyber monday 12pm deal hurry for this cyber monday deal! receive a free 12-count box of chocolate dipped mixed fruit with any purchase $50+ per recipient (excluding tax & delivery)! enter code: free1128 at checkout to redeem. offer expires on 11/28/16 at 3:59pm est. this free 12-ct box will be offered at checkout and will be sent to the recipient. free 12-count box has a $29 value. fruit selection is to the store's discretion and can include any of the following: chocolate dipped banana slices, orange wedges, apple wedges, strawberries or pineapple. cannot be combined with any additional coupons, coupon codes, or promotions. cannot be used on previous orders. no substitutions. not valid on previous purchases. offers valid for a limited time only, and may be terminated without notice. valid at participating locations only, while supplies last. void where prohibited. acceptance and use of code(s) is subject to all applicable laws. void where prohibited. edible®, edible arrangements® & design and all other marks noted are trademarks of edible arrangements, llc. © 2015 edible arrangements, llc. all rights reserved. cyber monday 1pm deal hurry for this cyber monday deal! receive free delivery ($13.99 value) on orders $30+ for cyber monday! enter code: dlvr2881 at checkout to redeem. offer expires on 11/28/16 at 3:59pm est. no substitutions. not valid on previous purchases, pickup orders or products that are already discounted. valid at participating retail locations only, while supplies last. containers, boxes, balloons, plush toys may vary from shown. acceptance and use of use of code is subject to all applicable laws. void where prohibited. note: orders to be delivered to a zip code not serviced by a retail store will be delivered via ups (“shipping orders”). shipping orders incur an additional shipping charge that may be higher than the retail store delivery charge of $13.99. shipping charges vary depending upon size of order and shipping location. cyber monday 4pm deal hurry for this cyber monday deal! save $10 off any order of $29+ per recipient (excluding tax and delivery fees)! enter code: save4488 at checkout to redeem. offer expires on 11/28/16 at 7:59pm est. cannot be used on previous orders & already discounted products, cannot be combined with other coupons, coupon codes or promotional offers. no substitutions. not valid on previous purchases. offers valid for a limited time only, and may be terminated without notice. excludes fruit salads, smoothies, fruit parfaits, single pieces of dipped fruit, pineapple pops, and 6-count boxes. valid at participating locations only, while supplies last. void where prohibited. acceptance and use of code(s) is subject to all applicable laws. void where prohibited. edible arrangements® & design and all other marks noted are trademarks of edible arrangements, llc. © 2015 edible arrangements, llc. all rights reserved. cyber monday 8pm deal hurry for this cyber monday deal! for a limited time, save 20% off any order of $29+ per recipient (excluding tax and delivery fees)! enter code: edbl2811 at checkout to redeem. offer expires on 11/28/16 at 11:59pm est. cannot be used on previous orders & already discounted products, cannot be combined with other coupons, coupon codes or promotional offers. no substitutions. not valid on previous purchases. offers valid for a limited time only, and may be terminated without notice. excludes fruit salads, smoothies, fruit parfaits, single pieces of dipped fruit, pineapple pops, and 6-count boxes. valid at participating locations only, while supplies last. void where prohibited. acceptance and use of code(s) is subject to all applicable laws. void where prohibited. edible arrangements® & design and all other marks noted are trademarks of edible arrangements, llc. © 2015 edible arrangements, llc. all rights reserved. black friday deal: free 12-ct box with any purchase sitewide for a limited time, receive a free 12-count box of chocolate dipped mixed fruit with any order site wide ($29+) per customer (excluding tax & delivery)! offer fulfillment starts on 11/25/16 at 12am and expires on 11/27/16 at 11:59pm est. this free 12-ct box will be offered at checkout. free 12-count box has a $29 value. purchaser will be prompted at checkout to have the option of sending this free product to the recipient, or receiving a voucher via email. this voucher will be sent within 72 hours of completing your order. free 12-count box voucher must be redeemed by 12/18/16 and is redeemable in store only. delivery fees apply. not valid on shipment orders. fruit selection is to the store's discretion and can include any of the following: chocolate dipped banana slices, orange wedges, apple wedges, strawberries or pineapple. cannot be combined with any additional coupons, coupon codes, or promotions. cannot be used on previous orders. no substitutions. not valid on previous purchases. offers valid for a limited time only, and may be terminated without notice. valid at participating locations only, while supplies last. void where prohibited. acceptance and use of code(s) is subject to all applicable laws. void where prohibited. edible®, edible arrangements® & design and all other marks noted are trademarks of edible arrangements, llc. © 2015 edible arrangements, llc. all rights reserved. you choose! $15 off $65+ or $20 off $99+ for a limited time, save $15 off any order $65+ per recipient, or save $20 off on any order $99+ per recipient more (excluding tax & delivery)! enter code save2123 for $15 off $65+, or code spcl2299 for $20 off $99+ at checkout to redeem. offer ends on 11/23/16 at 11:59pm est. coupon codes expire on 11/24/16 at 3:00am est. cannot be used on previous orders & already discounted products, cannot be combined with other coupons, coupon codes or promotional offers. no substitutions. not valid on previous purchases. offers valid for a limited time only, and may be terminated without notice. valid at participating locations only, while supplies last. void where prohibited. acceptance and use of code(s) is subject to all applicable laws. void where prohibited. edible arrangements® & design and all other marks noted are trademarks of edible arrangements, llc. © 2015 edible arrangements, llc. all rights reserved. 20% off select products! for a limited time, save 20% off any of the select products within www.ediblearrangements.com/save-20-percent! use coupon code edbl1422 to redeem. offer expires on 11/20/16 at 11:59pm est. coupon code expires on 11/21/16 at 3:00am est. cannot be used on previous orders & already discounted products, cannot be combined with other coupons, coupon codes or promotional offers. no substitutions. not valid on previous purchases. offers valid for a limited time only, and may be terminated without notice. valid at participating locations only, while supplies last. void where prohibited. acceptance and use of code(s) is subject to all applicable laws. void where prohibited. edible arrangements® & design and all other marks noted are trademarks of edible arrangements, llc. © 2015 edible arrangements, llc. all rights reserved. i’m thankful for giveaway contest rules contest name: i’m thankful for giveaway facebook contest sponsor: edible arrangements international, llc (“sponsor”) sponsor address: 95 barnes road, wallingford, ct 06492 telephone: (203) 774-8000 no purchase or payment of any kind is necessary to enter or win. purchase does not increase odds of winning. contest is open only to individuals who are legal residents of the united states, puerto rico, and the district of columbia (excluding canada) and who have reached the age of majority in their state of residence at the time of entry (entrants). contest is void where prohibited. odds of winning depend upon the number of eligible entries received during the contest period. description of contest/participation. 1.      dates of contest:        contest entries will be accepted between 9:00 a.m. (est) on november 18, 2016 through 11:59 p.m. (est) on november 20, 2016 (the “contest period”).  visitors to the edible arrangements® facebook page will be able to post a comment with a description of who or what they are thankful for. 2.      how to enter:  at 9:00 a.m. (est) on november 18, 2016, sponsor will post on sponsor’s facebook page a post requesting entrants to describe who or what they are thankful for.  one winner will be selected from all eligible entries. sponsor will review and approve the comment for appropriate content prior to determining eligibility and posting on the edible arrangements® facebook page.  there is one entry per person limit. to enter the contest, you must: ·         have a facebook account, ·         “like” and/or “follow” sponsor’s official facebook page (www.facebook.com/ediblearrangements),  on during the contest date, important notes: you will need to create a facebook account if you don’t already have one. membership on each platform is free.  registration for facebook can be obtained by logging on to http://facebook.com, and follow the onscreen instructions to open an account. if your facebook account is set to “protected mode,” your updates/responses may not be visible in sponsor’s inbox and therefore may not be received by sponsor unless you previously consented to permit sponsor to see your updates. valid contest entries must contain all information requested, not contain any prohibited or unauthorized material, and be received by sponsor by 11:59 p.m. (est) on november 20, 2016. entrant represents warrants and covenants that the entrant’s use of photographs, names, addresses, relationships, or circumstances and all other information is used with full permission, is true, and does not violate any copyrighted material or third party trademarks or intellectual property. no obscene, offensive, illegal, unlawful, defamatory, derogatory, discriminatory, inflammatory, insulting, or otherwise inappropriate entry, in sponsor’s sole discretion, is eligible for entry and will not be considered; including, but not limited to, crude, vulgar or offensive language and/or symbols; derogatory characterizations of any ethnic, racial, sexual, religious or other groups; content that endorses, condones and/or discusses any illegal, inappropriate or risky behavior or conduct (including but not limited to the use of alcohol or drugs); personal information of individuals, including, without limitation, names, telephone numbers and addresses (physical or electronic). there is a limit of one (1) entry per person.  duplicate entries and/or incomplete entries will be disqualified. anyone found to be using multiple facebook accounts to enter will be ineligible to participate in the contest.  use of any device to automate entry is prohibited. entrants are subject to terms of service and rules of facebook, found at their web site. all entries become the property of sponsor and will not be acknowledged or returned. sponsor is not responsible for entries not received due to difficulty accessing the internet, service outage or delays, computer difficulties and other technological problems. sponsor is not responsible for lost, late, illegible, misdirected, or incomplete entries. in the event of a dispute over who submitted a winning online entry, the authorized subscriber of the facebook account used to participate in the contest at the actual time of entry will be deemed to be the entrant. the authorized account subscriber is defined as the natural person who is assigned a facebook account by facebook. 3.      prize(s). one (1) prize consisting of salted caramel harvest bouquet™ dipped strawberries, having a stated retail value of $102.99/usd (value includes item cost, plus delivery and applicable sales taxes).  the prize is awarded if properly claimed according to these rules and if there are sufficient eligible entries. all other costs and expenses related to prize acceptance and use not specified herein as being provided are the sole responsibility of winner(s). if the winner is disqualified or ineligible, sponsor may at its discretion determine an alternate winner or decline to award the prize. the prize is awarded if properly claimed according to these rules and if there are sufficient eligible entries. all other costs and expenses related to prize acceptance and use not specified herein as being provided are the sole responsibility of winner(s). if the winner is disqualified or ineligible, sponsor may at its discretion determine an alternate winner or decline to award the prize. prizes are not transferable, redeemable for cash or exchangeable for another prize, coupon or voucher except in sponsor’s sole discretion.  sponsor reserves the right to substitute a prize, in whole or in part, with another prize of equal or greater value or alternatively, may substitute such prize with a comparable prize at the sponsor’s discretion (including without limitation shipment of a gift box of dipped fruit™), if for any reason a prize should become unavailable, cannot be picked up by the winner, or if the recipient is not within a delivery range of sponsor’s franchises. 4.      winner selection: sponsor will randomly select the winner from all eligible entries on november 21, 2016.  the winner will be notified via a facebook posting on the sponsor’s facebook page.  notification is deemed to have occurred immediately upon posting on sponsor’s facebook page.  the winner will receive instructions to email sponsor to claim the prize, and sponsor will then send instructions and forms to be completed to claim the prize.  the winner must provide eligibility information prior to being awarded the prize. if a winner does not respond to sponsor’s contact attempts within forty eight hours for prize awarding, or if a winner otherwise fails to comply with these contest rules, sponsor reserves the right to determine an alternate winner or not to award that winner’s prize, in its sole discretion. sponsor is not responsible for an entrant’s change of email address. sponsor is not obligated to telephone winner, leave a voice mail, answering machine or other message. sponsor is not responsible for and not liable for late, misdirected or unsuccessful efforts to notify a qualifier or potential winners or deliver the prize, or if the potential winner does not claim the prize within the appropriate time given upon notification. all decisions of sponsor are final. by participating in the contest, entrant agrees to be bound by these rules; that the decisions of sponsor are final on all matters relating to the contest; that entrant is not entering on behalf of anyone else; and in the event that entrant does not comply with these rules, then entrant will be disqualified. 5.      eligibility and limitations. the potential prize winner may in sponsor’s sole discretion be required to sign and return a declaration of eligibility and any other forms necessary to verify eligibility, along with any other information and releases within forty eight (48) hours after the first delivery attempt to entrant’s e-mail address in order to receive the prize, unless otherwise stated herein or at the time of notification. the potential prize winner's failure to follow all instructions and complete and return all required forms within this time period may result in disqualification and an alternate winner may be selected in sponsor’s sole discretion. employees of sponsor and its affiliates, or an edible arrangements® franchisee and facebook®, their respective immediate family members, and members of their households are not eligible to participate or win. 6.      tampering disclaimer. sponsor, in its sole discretion, reserves the right to disqualify and prohibit any person from participating in the contest if sponsor determines (in its sole discretion) that the person is or is attempting to: (i) tamper with sponsor’s social media page and/or any part of the contest; (ii) undermine the legitimate operation of the contest by cheating, deception, or other unfair playing practices, (iii) annoy, abuse, threaten or harass any one; and/or (iv) otherwise violate these rules. sponsor reserves the right to seek damages and any other available remedies from any such person(s) responsible for any such attempt to the fullest extent permitted by law. each entrant agrees to indemnify, defend, and hold harmless sponsor, facebook, any edible arrangements® franchisee (and their respective employees, agents, officers, directors, employees, agents, licensees, associates and affiliates from and against any and all claims, losses, damages and/or liabilities (including reasonable attorneys' fees and expenses) that may be asserted against or incurred by any of them at any time, in connection with the entry and/or by entrant’s or the recipient’s breaches of any representation, warranty or covenants associated with this contest. in the event of termination of the contest by sponsor, sponsor reserves the right to award any prize in a manner deemed fair and equitable by sponsor. in no event will the type and quantity of the prize awarded exceed that described in these rules. 7.      publicity; use of personal information. by participating, where allowed by law, entrants grant sponsor permission to use their names, characters, photographs, entries, voices, and likenesses in connection with promotion of this and other contests and waive any claims to royalty, right, or remuneration for such use. by participating in the contest, where allowed by law, entrants agree that sponsor may use such information for marketing purposes, and may include the names of winners in a publicly available winners’ list. 8.      releases and conditions. by participating in the contest or accepting the prize, the entrant and winner waives and unconditionally releases any and all claims of liability against sponsor, each edible arrangements® franchisee, facebook, and their respective employees, agents, officers, directors, employees, agents, licensees, associates, and affiliates for any injury, loss or damage which may occur from the conduct of, or participation in, the contest, or from the prize receipt and/or use or misuse of the prize, including any travel related thereto. winner agrees to allow sponsor to use winner’s name, voice, photograph, likeness, biographical material, in any advertising or broadcasting material relating to this contest, without additional financial or other compensation, and where allowed by law, sign a publicity release confirming such consent prior to acceptance of the prize. sponsor is not responsible or liable to any entrant or winner or any person claiming through such entrant or winner for failure to supply the prize or any part thereof, by reason of any acts of god, any action, regulation, order or request by any governmental or quasi-governmental entity (whether or not the action, regulations, order or request proves to be invalid), equipment failure, air raid, blackout, act of public enemy, earthquake, volcanic eruption, war (declared or undeclared), fire, flood, epidemic, explosion, unusually severe weather, hurricane, embargo, labor dispute or strike (whether legal or illegal) labor or material shortage, transportation interruption of any kind, work slow-down, civil disturbance, insurrection, riot, or any other cause beyond the sponsor’s sole control. all taxes associated with the prize, if any, related fees, other costs and expenses related to prize acceptance and use not specified herein as being provided are the sole responsibility of prize winner. sponsor has no further obligation to winner. this promotion is in no way sponsored, endorsed or administered by, or associated with, facebook. entrant affirmatively releases facebook from any and all claims related to the promotion. entrant is providing entry information to sponsor and not facebook. 9.      miscellaneous. void outside of the united states, the district of columbia, and puerto rico.  void in canada.  void wherever prohibited or restricted by law. for a copy of these rules, or where required by law, a list of winners, send a letter request by us mail to sponsor. as a condition of participating in the contest, entrants agree (and agree to confirm in writing): (a) under no circumstances will entrant be permitted to obtain awards for, and entrant hereby waives all rights to claim, punitive, incidental, consequential, or any other damages, other than for actual out-of-pocket expenses; (b) all causes of action arising out of or connected with this contest or any prize awarded shall be resolved individually, without resort to any form of class action; and (c) any and all claims, judgments, and award shall be limited to actual out-of-pocket costs incurred, excluding attorneys’ fees and court costs. participation in the contest constitutes entrant’s full and unconditional agreement to, and acceptance of these rules. winning a prize is contingent upon entrant’s fulfillment of all requirements set forth herein. the conduct of the contest is governed by the laws of the state of connecticut, united states of america, which take precedence over any rule to the contrary herein. any questions, comments or complaints regarding the contest must be directed to sponsor. entrant acknowledges and understands that any information provided will be used for administering the contest and as otherwise described in these rules. edible arrangements® and other marks noted are registered trademarks of edible arrangements, llc. ©2016 edible arrangements, llc. all rights reserved. save 20% off $49+! for a limited time, save 20% off any order of $49+ per recipient (excluding tax and delivery fees)! offer expires on 11/20/16 at 11:59pm est. enter code deal1144 at checkout to redeem. coupon expires on 11/21/16 at 3:00am est. cannot be used on previous orders & already discounted products, cannot be combined with other coupons, coupon codes or promotional offers. no substitutions. not valid on previous purchases. offers valid for a limited time only, and may be terminated without notice. excludes fruit salads, smoothies, fruit parfaits, single pieces of dipped fruit, pineapple pops, and 6-count boxes. valid at participating locations only, while supplies last. void where prohibited. acceptance and use of code(s) is subject to all applicable laws. void where prohibited. edible arrangements® & design and all other marks noted are trademarks of edible arrangements, llc. © 2015 edible arrangements, llc. all rights reserved. edible for business holiday client promotion for a limited time, save up to 20% off of your edible for business order, and with a purchase of 20 or more qualifying products receive a free 12ct box of chocolate dipped mixed fruit! to qualify for the free gift, your edible for business order must contain 20 or more $29+ (after discount) items (excluding tax & delivery charges) purchased in a single transaction. orders must be placed through our business concierge at 800-691-3564. offer expires on 12/16/16 at 11:59pm est. free 12ct box is a simply dipped mixed fruit box and has a $29 retail value (excluding tax and delivery.) previous orders & already discounted products do not qualify for free gift.  this promotion cannot be combined with other coupons, coupon codes or promotional offers. no substitutions. this promotion may be terminated without notice at sponsor’s discretion. promotion excludes fruit salads, smoothies, fruit parfaits, single pieces of dipped fruit, pineapple pops, and 6-count boxes. valid at participating locations only, while supplies last. not valid in canada. void where prohibited. acceptance and use of code(s), if any, is subject to all applicable laws. edible arrangements® & design and all other marks noted are trademarks of edible arrangements, llc. © 2015 edible arrangements, llc. all rights reserved. save $10 on $49+ for a limited time, save $10 off site wide (any order of $49+) per recipient (excluding tax and delivery fees)! offer expires on 10/23/16 at 11:59pm edt. enter code rtbd7723 at checkout to redeem. coupon expires on 11/14/16 at 3:00am edt. cannot be used on previous orders & already discounted products, cannot be combined with other coupons, coupon codes or promotional offers. no substitutions. not valid on previous purchases. offers valid for a limited time only, and may be terminated without notice. valid at participating locations only, while supplies last. excludes fruit salads, smoothies, fruit parfaits, single pieces of dipped fruit, pineapple pops, and 6-count boxes. void where prohibited. acceptance and use of code(s) is subject to all applicable laws. void where prohibited. edible arrangements® & design and all other marks noted are trademarks of edible arrangements, llc. © 2015 edible arrangements, llc. all rights reserved. show us your colors sweepstakes offical rules contest name: show us your colors sweepstakes (“contest”) sponsor: edible arrangements international, llc (“sponsor”) sponsor address: 95 barnes road, wallingford, ct 06492 telephone: (203) 774-8000 no purchase or payment of any kind is necessary to enter or win. purchase does not increase odds of winning. contest is open only to individuals who are legal residents of the united states, puerto rico, and  the district of columbia, and canada (excluding quebec) and who have reached the age of majority in their state/province of residence at the time of entry (entrants). contest is void where prohibited. odds of winning depend upon the quantity of the number of eligible entries received during the contest period. description of contest/participation. post a photo to your facebook, twitter or instagram account showing your favorite color(s) by november 30, 2016 with the hashtag #showusyourcolors for a chance to win the grand prize. vote during the final round for a chance to win the participation prize.  to qualify the photo entry must comply with the following official rules (“rules”).  sponsor will also award a consolation prize to the remaining eleven top 12 finalists. 1.      timeline of contest events: contest entry period will run between 12:01 a.m. (est) on tuesday november 15, 2016 through 11:59 p.m. (est) on sunday december 11, 2016 (“contest period”); as follows: a.      the photo entry period will run between 12:01 a.m. (est) on tuesday november 15, 2016 through 11:59 p.m. (edt) on wednesday november 30, 2016 (“photo entry period”); b.      after the photo entry period has closed, the top 12 photos from all “qualifying” photos entered during the photo entry period shall be selected by the sponsor for final round of voting by the public (“top 12 photos”); c.       the top 12 photos will be posted on sponsor’s website on monday december 5, 2016 and the general public can vote for their favorite photo until 11:59 p.m. (edt) sunday december 11, 2016 when voting closes (“final round”); and d.      the photo with the most votes will be selected as the grand prize winner and will be announced on december 12, 2016. 2.      how to enter: during the photo entry period, take a photograph of something depicting your favorite colors that you want edible arrangements to have as a custom color offering.  then upload your photo with the hashtag #showusyourcolors to any of your participating social media accounts (facebook, twitter, or instagram).  finally, go to sponsor’s facebook page and complete the entry form to enter. (note: using the hashtag is not a requirement for entry). 3.      to qualify for entry: a.      the posted photo must be your own, individual work, or submitted with authorization from the third party owner. images can include anything that depicts your favorite colors, e.g. football team uniforms, flowers. the image can include more than one color, and you will be asked to identify the one or two color combination being entered. b.      you can enter as many times as you like, provided it is a different photo for each entry. c.       a judging panel selected by the sponsor (“panel”) will choose the top 12 photos from all qualifying photo entries. the top 12 photo selection shall be made by the panel, in its sole discretion, for the final round which will be posted on sponsor’s facebook page on monday december 5, 2016 at 12:01 a.m. (est). sponsor reserves the right to request additional publicity and image releases prior to posting a selected top 12 photo(s).  any such documents must be provided to sponsor within 24 hours of sponsor’s request. if an entrant refuses to comply with signing any such documents, or such documents are not returned within 24 hours, sponsor, in its sole discretion, reserves the right to disqualify the entrant and select an alternative image for inclusion in the top 12 photos. d.      the image format and size must comply with limitations established by your social media account provider, and any restrictions provided by sponsor. 4.      to win: during the final round, the general public will be able to vote for his/her favorite top 12 photo. only one vote per person per day (per email address) will be counted.  the following prizes will be awarded at the end of the voting period: (i) grand prize will be awarded to the photo with the most votes during the final round, (ii) one participation prize will be awarded to one winner randomly selected from all contest participants including those who enter by voting and/or those who enter by submitting a photo, and (iii) a prize will be awarded to each of the eleven remaining top 12 photo finalists.  the winners will be announced on or about december 12, 2016. 5.      to enter the contest, you must have a facebook, twitter, or instagram account, and follow sponsor’s official facebook, twitter account (@edible), or instagram account (@ediblearrangements) during the contest period. important notes: you will need to create a facebook, twitter, or instagram account if you don’t already have one. membership is free.  registration for facebook can be obtained by logging on to http://facebook.com.  registration for twitter can be obtained by logging on to http://twitter.com  and following the onscreen instructions to open an account. registration for an instagram account can be obtained via mobile device only by downloading the official “instagram” mobile application and following the onscreen instructions to open an account. if any of these accounts are set to “protected mode,” your updates/responses may not be visible in sponsor’s inbox and therefore may not be received by sponsor unless you previously consented to permit sponsor to see your updates. valid contest entries must contain all information requested, not contain any prohibited or unauthorized material, and be received by sponsor during the photo entry period. entrant represents, warrants, and covenants that the entrant’s use of images of third parties, names, addresses, relationships, or circumstances and all other information is used with full permission, is true, and does not violate any right of privacy, right of publicity, copyrighted material or third party trademarks or intellectual property. no obscene, offensive, illegal, unlawful, defamatory, derogatory, discriminatory, inflammatory, insulting, or otherwise inappropriate entry, in sponsor’s sole discretion, is eligible for entry and will not be considered; including, but not limited to, crude, vulgar or offensive language and/or symbols; derogatory characterizations of any ethnic, racial, sexual, religious or other groups; content that endorses, condones and/or discusses any illegal, inappropriate or risky behavior or conduct (including but not limited to the use of alcohol or drugs); personal information of individuals, including, without limitation, names, telephone numbers and addresses (physical or electronic).  the photo must not contain text, images, artwork not created by the entrant; or brand names, logos or trademarks used without the permission of the owner(s). sponsor will select, in its sole discretion, the judging panel to be made up of individual(s) employed by sponsor and/or a non-employee individual(s) to judge the qualifying photo entries (the “panel”).  all selections of the top 12 photos for the final round will be made by the panel it its sole discretion from qualifying entries.  selection of the top 12 photos may not be based solely on the color combinations to account for multiple entries of the same color combination(s), the photo image will be a consideration in the selection of the top 12 photos.  the decision of the top 12 photos by the panel will be final. there is a limit of one (1) entry per photo and entry form.  no duplicate photo image entries will be considered valid.  however, the same entrant may enter different photo images of the same or different color combinations and as long as the image is not duplicated, the entry will be considered and validated by the panel to determine if it is a valid entry.  (for example the same entrant may enter an image of their favorite sports jersey depicting red and blue and a second entry of an image of a flag depicting red and blue.  both entries would be valid entries.)  duplicate entries and/or incomplete entries will be disqualified. anyone found to be using multiple facebook, youtube, twitter, or instagram accounts to enter will be ineligible to participate in the contest.  use of any device to automate entry is prohibited. there is a limit of one (1) vote per person per day during the final round.  the same person may submit a vote each day during the final round. voting will be based upon verified email accounts.  duplicate votes in a day and/or incomplete votes will be disqualified. use of any device to automate voting is prohibited.  by participating in the voting portion of the contest, each voting participant agrees to be bound by these rules.  if an entrant receives multiple and/or irregular votes or multiple votes in a calendar day from the same user or users, including but not limited to, votes generated by a robotic, programmed, script, macro, other automated means or others source, sponsor reserves the right to disqualify the entrant in its sole discretion.  if the contest includes the use of an internet tool and the internet voting process fails to operate properly or appears to be tampered with or tainted with errors, fraud or unfair practices, the sponsor reserves the right to use another means to determine the winner(s), i.e. random selection or appoint a panel of judges.  all decisions of the judges are final. entrants are subject to facebook, twitter, and instagram’s terms of service and rules, found at their respective web sites. all entries become the property of sponsor, to extent allowable by law, and will not be acknowledged or returned.  sponsor is not responsible for entries or votes not received due to difficulty accessing the internet, service outage or delays, computer difficulties and other technological problems. sponsor is not responsible for lost, late, illegible, misdirected, or incomplete entries, likes/shares/comments/favorite tags, or votes. in the event of a dispute over who submitted a winning online entry, the person identified in the entry form submitted to participate in the contest at the actual time of entry will be deemed to be the entrant. prizes: sponsor will award a total of two winners, a grand prize winner and a participant prize winner, in addition sponsor will award eleven consolation prizes to the remaining finalists. grand prize: one (1) prize will be awarded to the entry to receive the highest number of votes in the final round consisting of two thousand five hundred dollars (us $2,500) and a box of chocolate dipped fruit™ box (12 count) with their winning colors.  their winning colors will also be featured as a product on sponsor’s website for a limited time. retail value of the prize is us$2500 cash and us$62.91/cad$68.92 for dipped fruit™ box (value includes item cost, sales tax, and delivery charge) the top 12 photo prize shall include delivery (not shipping) and applicable sales tax.  the grand prize winner is not eligible to win any other prize. participation prize: one (1) participation prize consisting of one thousand dollars (us $1,000) and a box of chocolate dipped fruit™ box (12 count) with their winning colors.  retail value of the prize is us$1,000 cash and us$62,91/cad$68.92 for dipped fruit™ box (value includes item cost, sales tax, and delivery charge) will be awarded to the randomly selected entrant, selected from all contest participants including those who enter by voting and/or those who enter by submitting a photo. participation prize winner is not eligible to win any other prize. finalist consolation prize: eleven (11) finalist consolation prizes will be awarded to the eleven remaining top 12 photo finalists consisting of a dipped fruit™ box (12 count) with their two swizzle colors, with a retail value of us $62.91/ cad$68.92 (value include item cost, sales tax, and delivery charge. in the event more than one photo has the same “highest” score, sponsor will randomly select one (1) winning entry from all tied “winning” entries. the prize(s) are awarded if properly claimed according to these rules and if there are sufficient eligible entries. all other costs and expenses related to prize acceptance and use not specified herein as being provided are the sole responsibility of winner(s). if the winner is disqualified or ineligible, sponsor may at its discretion determine an alternate winner or decline to award a prize. sponsor reserves the right to substitute a prize(s), in whole or in part, with another prize of equal or greater value or alternatively, may substitute such prize with a comparable prize at the sponsor’s sole discretion, if for any reason a prize should become unavailable, cannot be picked up by the winner, or cannot be delivered by one of sponsor’s franchises. the valuation of the prize stated above is based on information available to sponsor at the beginning of the contest period. the value of any prize awarded to a winner may be reported for tax purposes as required by law. each winner is solely responsible for reporting and paying any and all applicable taxes and expenses related to the prize which are not specifically provided for in these rules. 6.      winner(s) selection: the winners will be notified via email provided in the entry form. notification is deemed to have occurred immediately upon sponsor sending email to winner (“notification”), which notification will contain instructions to claim the prize.  the winner(s) must respond to the notification within forty-eight (48) hours of the notification, to be eligible for the prize, and sponsor will then send the winner instructions and forms to be completed to claim the prize. if a winner(s) or named recipient is not available to pick up or receive the prize, or any portion of a prize, such winner may be disqualified, or that portion of the prize that cannot be fulfilled will be forfeited, and sponsor reserves the right, in its sole discretion, to choose an alternative prize winner, or replace the forfeited portion of the prize with another product of equal or greater value, or name a different recipient for the forfeited portion of the prize.  the winner(s) must provide eligibility information prior to being awarded the prize(s). if a winner does not respond to sponsor’s contact attempts for prize awarding, or if a winner otherwise fails to comply with these rules, sponsor reserves the right to determine an alternate winner or not to award that winner’s prize, in its sole discretion. canada residents only:  before being declared eligible to claim a prize, applicable canada law requires that any winner who is a canada resident must first correctly answer a time-limited mathematical skill-testing question to be administered by telephone by sponsor. if such winner fails to correctly answer, unaided, the skill-testing question, then he/she will be disqualified and forfeit his/her opportunity to be a winner.  the sponsor, at its sole and absolute discretion, may select another winner from the remaining eligible entries. 7.      wireless carrier charges.  if you submit your entry via a wireless mobile device (which is not required to enter the contest), standard text messaging and/or data rates may apply according to the terms and conditions of your service agreement with your wireless carrier.  other charges may also be applied by your wireless carrier. 8.      eligibility and limitations. the potential prize winner may in sponsor’s sole discretion be required to sign and return a declaration of eligibility and any other forms necessary to verify eligibility, along with any other information, w-9, and releases within forty-eight (48) hours after the first notification delivery attempt in order to receive the prize, unless otherwise stated herein or at the time of notification. the potential prize winner's failure to follow all instructions and complete and return all required forms within this time period may result in disqualification and an alternate winner may be selected in sponsor’s sole discretion.  sponsor reserves the right to refuse to award a prize to or on behalf of any minor.  employees of sponsor and its affiliates, or of an edible arrangements® franchisee, their respective immediate family members, and members of their households are not eligible to participate or win. “immediate family” is defined as parents, siblings, children or spouse. 9.      tampering and delivery disclaimer. sponsor, in its sole discretion, reserves the right to disqualify and prohibit any person from participating in the contest if sponsor determines (in its sole discretion) that the person is or is attempting to: (i) tamper with any of sponsor’s social media  accounts and/or any part of the contest; (ii) undermine the legitimate operation of the contest by cheating, deception, or other unfair playing practices, (iii) annoy, abuse, threaten, or harass any one; and/or (iv) otherwise violate these rules. sponsor reserves the right to seek damages and any other available remedies from any such person(s) responsible for any such attempt to the fullest extent permitted by law. each entrant agrees to indemnify, defend, and hold harmless sponsor, facebook, twitter, instagram, and any edible arrangements® franchisee (and their respective employees, agents, officers, directors, employees, agents, licensees, associates and affiliates from and against any and all claims, losses, damages and/or liabilities (including reasonable attorneys' fees and expenses) that may be asserted against or incurred by any of them at any time, in connection with the entry and/or by entrant’s breaches of any representation, warranty or covenants associated with this contest. in the event of termination of the contest by sponsor, sponsor reserves the right to award any prize(s) in a manner deemed fair and equitable by sponsor. in no event will the type and quantity of prizes awarded exceed the number of prizes described in these rules. 10.  publicity; use of personal information. by participating, where allowed by law, entrants grant sponsor permission to use their names, characters, photographs, photo entries, image, voices, in connection with promotion of this and other contests and waive any claims to royalty, right, or remuneration for such use. by participating in the contest, where allowed by law, entrants agree that sponsor may use such information for marketing purposes, and may include the names and likeness of the winner in a publicly available winners’ list. if the entry includes any photo/image and personally identifiable information regarding a minor, by participating in the contest, the entrant on behalf of that minor hereby grants permission to sponsor to use that photo/image and releases sponsor, facebook, twitter, instagram, edible arrangements franchisees, and their respective employees, agents, officers, directors, employees, agents, licensees, associates, and affiliates from any liability related to use of the photo/image of the minor. 11.  releases and conditions. by participating in the contest or accepting a prize, each entrant and winner waives (and unconditionally releases any and all claims of liability against) sponsor, each edible arrangements® franchisee,  twitter, instagram, facebook, and their respective employees, agents, officers, directors, employees, agents, licensees, associates, and affiliates for any injury, loss or damage which may occur from the conduct of, or participation in, the contest, or from the prize receipt and/or use or misuse of any prize, including any travel related thereto. winner agrees to allow sponsor to use winner’s names, facebook, twitter and instagram accounts, voices, photographs, likenesses, biographical material, in any advertising or broadcasting material relating to this contest, without additional financial or other compensation, and where allowed by law, sign a publicity release confirming such consent prior to acceptance of the prize. sponsor is not responsible or liable to any entrant or winner or any person claiming through such entrant or winner for failure to supply the prize or any part thereof, by reason of any acts of god, any action, regulation, order or request by any governmental or quasi-governmental entity (whether or not the action, regulations, order or request proves to be invalid), equipment failure, air raid, blackout, act of public enemy, earthquake, volcanic eruption, war (declared or undeclared), fire, flood, epidemic, explosion, unusually severe weather, hurricane, embargo, labor dispute or strike (whether legal or illegal) labor or material shortage, transportation interruption of any kind, work slow-down, civil disturbance, insurrection, riot, or any other cause beyond the sponsor’s sole control. all taxes (other than the state/provincial sales tax or other value added taxes associated with the prize, if any), related fees, other costs and expenses related to prize acceptance and use not specified herein as being provided are the sole responsibility of prize winner. sponsor has no further obligation to winner. 12.  consumer created content.  the contest requires entrants to provide creative material, including but not limited to, consumer created content, by submitting your entry; (i) you agree that your submission is gratuitous, unsolicited and without restriction and will not place the sponsor under any fiduciary or other obligation, that the sponsor is free to disclose the ideas on a non-confidential basis to anyone or otherwise use the ideas and creative submission without any additional compensation to you or anyone depicted in the entry; (ii) you acknowledge that, acceptance of your submission, sponsor does not waive any rights to use similar or related ideas previously known to sponsor, or developed by their employees, or obtained from sources other than you; (iii) you are verifying that you are the owner and producer of the submitted entry and that no third party ownership rights exist to any material submitted, and (iv) you are hereby granting to sponsor a perpetual, worldwide, non-exclusive, royalty-free, sub-licensable (through multiple tiers) right and license to use, publish, reproduce, display, perform, adapt, modify, distribute, have distributed and promote such submission in any form, in all media now known or hereinafter created, anywhere in the world, for any purpose. 13.  miscellaneous. all prizes are awarded “as is” and without any warranty of any kind, express or implied (including, without limitation, any implied warranty of merchantability or fitness for a particular purpose), and all such warranties are hereby disclaimed. sponsor is not responsible for an entrant’s change of email address. sponsor is not obligated to telephone winner (other than contacting canada resident winner for administration of skill-testing questions), leave a voice mail, answering machine or other message. sponsor is not responsible for and not liable for late, misdirected or unsuccessful efforts to notify a qualifier or potential winner or deliver the prize, or if the potential winner does not claim the prize within the appropriate time given upon notification. all decisions of sponsor are final. by participating in the contest, entrant agrees to be bound by these rules; that the decisions of sponsor are final on all matters relating to the contest; that entrant is not entering on behalf of anyone else; and in the event that entrant does not comply with these rules, then entrant will be disqualified. void outside of the united states, the district of columbia, puerto rico, and canada.  void in quebec.  void wherever prohibited or restricted by law. for a copy of these rules, or where required by law, a list of winner(s), send a letter request by us mail or canada post to sponsor. as a condition of participating in the contest, entrant agrees (and agree to confirm in writing): (a) under no circumstances will entrant be permitted to obtain awards for, and entrant hereby waives all rights to claim, punitive, incidental, consequential, or any other damages, other than for actual out-of-pocket expenses; (b) all causes of action arising out of or connected with this contest or any prize awarded shall be resolved individually, without resort to any form of class action; and (c) any and all claims, judgments, and award shall be limited to actual out-of-pocket costs incurred, excluding attorneys’ fees and court costs. participation in the contest constitutes entrant’s full and unconditional agreement to, and acceptance of these rules. winning a prize is contingent upon entrant’s fulfillment of all requirements set forth herein. the conduct of the contest is governed by the laws of the united states of america or canada (except quebec) (as applicable to the resident), which take precedence over any rule to the contrary herein. any questions, comments or complaints regarding the contest must be directed to sponsor. entrant acknowledges and understands that any information provided will be used for administering the contest and as otherwise described in these rules. the only sponsor of this contest is edible arrangements international, llc. edible arrangements® and other marks noted are registered trademarks of edible arrangements, llc. ©2016 edible arrangements, llc. all rights reserved. save 20% sitewide! for a limited time, save 20% off any order of $29+ per recipient (excluding tax and delivery fees)! offer expires on 11/20/16 at 11:59pm est. enter code save1421 at checkout to redeem. coupon expires on 11/21/16 at 3:00am est. cannot be used on previous orders & already discounted products, cannot be combined with other coupons, coupon codes or promotional offers. no substitutions. not valid on previous purchases. offers valid for a limited time only, and may be terminated without notice. excludes fruit salads, smoothies, fruit parfaits, single pieces of dipped fruit, pineapple pops, and 6-count boxes. valid at participating locations only, while supplies last. void where prohibited. acceptance and use of code(s) is subject to all applicable laws. void where prohibited. edible arrangements® & design and all other marks noted are trademarks of edible arrangements, llc. © 2015 edible arrangements, llc. all rights reserved. receive a free small delicious daisy™ with any purchase $79+ for a limited time, receive a free small delicious daisy™ with any purchase $79+ per recipient (before tax & delivery)! offer expires on 11/13/16 at 11:59pm est. free delicious daisy™ is a size small and has a $39 value. purchaser will receive a voucher for the free small delicious daisy™ via email. this voucher will be sent within 72 hours of completing your order. free delicious daisy™ voucher must be redeemed by 11/30/16 at 11:59pm edt. voucher awarding the free delicious daisy™ cannot be shipped. delivery fees apply. cannot be combined with any additional coupons, coupon codes, or promotions. cannot be used on previous orders. no substitutions. not valid on previous purchases. offers valid for a limited time only, and may be terminated without notice. valid at participating locations only, while supplies last. void where prohibited. acceptance and use of code(s) is subject to all applicable laws. void where prohibited. edible®, edible arrangements® & design and all other marks noted are trademarks of edible arrangements, llc. © 2015 edible arrangements, llc. all rights reserved. app exclusive: save $10 on $30+! for a limited time, save $10 off $30+ per recipient (excluding tax and delivery fees) when you purchase on our app! offer expires on 11/13/16 at 11:59pm edt. enter code provided on the app at checkout to redeem. coupon expires on 11/14/16 at 3:00am edt. cannot be used on previous orders & already discounted products, cannot be combined with other coupons, coupon codes or promotional offers. no substitutions. not valid on previous purchases. offers valid for a limited time only, and may be terminated without notice. valid at participating locations only, while supplies last. excludes fruit salads, smoothies, fruit parfaits, single pieces of dipped fruit, pineapple pops, and 6-count boxes. void where prohibited. acceptance and use of code(s) is subject to all applicable laws. void where prohibited. edible arrangements® & design and all other marks noted are trademarks of edible arrangements, llc. © 2015 edible arrangements, llc. all rights reserved. special gift for you! save $10 off any order $29+! for a limited time, save $10 off $29+ per recipient (excluding tax and delivery fees)! offer expires on 11/10/16 at 11:59pm edt. enter code provided at checkout to redeem. coupon expires on 11/11/16 at 3:00am edt. cannot be used on previous orders & already discounted products, cannot be combined with other coupons, coupon codes or promotional offers. no substitutions. not valid on previous purchases. offers valid for a limited time only, and may be terminated without notice. valid at participating locations only, while supplies last. excludes fruit salads, smoothies, fruit parfaits, single pieces of dipped fruit, pineapple pops, and 6-count boxes.  void where prohibited. acceptance and use of code(s) is subject to all applicable laws. void where prohibited. edible arrangements® & design and all other marks noted are trademarks of edible arrangements, llc. © 2015 edible arrangements, llc. all rights reserved. special gift for you! save 20% off any order $50+! for a limited time, save 20% off any order $50+ per recipient (excluding tax and delivery fees)! offer expires on 11/10/16 at 11:59pm edt. enter code provided at checkout to redeem. coupon expires on 11/11/16 at 3:00am edt. cannot be used on previous orders & already discounted products, cannot be combined with other coupons, coupon codes or promotional offers. no substitutions. not valid on previous purchases. offers valid for a limited time only, and may be terminated without notice. valid at participating locations only, while supplies last. excludes fruit salads, smoothies, fruit parfaits, single pieces of dipped fruit, pineapple pops, and 6-count boxes.  void where prohibited. acceptance and use of code(s) is subject to all applicable laws. void where prohibited. edible arrangements® & design and all other marks noted are trademarks of edible arrangements, llc. © 2015 edible arrangements, llc. all rights reserved. special gift for you! receive free delivery on any order $39+! for a limited time, receive free delivery ($13.99 value) on any order $39+ (excluding tax and delivery fees)! offer expires on 11/10/16 at 11:59pm edt. enter code provided at checkout to redeem. coupon expires on 11/11/16 at 3:00am edt. cannot be used on previous orders & already discounted products, cannot be combined with other coupons, coupon codes or promotional offers. no substitutions. not valid on previous purchases or pickup orders. offers valid for a limited time only, and may be terminated without notice. valid at participating locations only, while supplies last. excludes fruit salads, smoothies, fruit parfaits, single pieces of dipped fruit, pineapple pops, and 6-count boxes.  void where prohibited. acceptance and use of code(s) is subject to all applicable laws. void where prohibited. edible arrangements® & design and all other marks noted are trademarks of edible arrangements, llc. © 2015 edible arrangements, llc. all rights reserved. special gift for you! receive a free arrangement! on november 10, 2016, up to 3 lucky winners will receive a free size regular best for fall! salted caramel harvest bouquet™ dipped strawberries! (“promotion”).  to win, you must be one of the first 3 guests to redeem the unique code by the end of the redemption period. free best for fall! salted caramel harvest bouquet™ dipped strawberries coupon must be redeemed by 11/23/16 at 11:59pm est. promotion expires on 11/10/16 at 11:59pm est if no winners identified prior to this deadline. best for fall! salted caramel harvest bouquet™ dipped strawberries is a size regular and has an $89 value (not including sales tax and delivery). free arrangement is redeemable in-store only. not redeemable on the website. purchaser will receive a coupon code for the free arrangement via the www.edible.com website or via contact on social media to provide to store. delivery fees and sales tax apply. cannot be combined with any additional coupons, coupon codes, or promotions. cannot be used on previous orders. no substitutions if winner cannot claim free arrangement. not valid on previous purchases. offer valid for a limited time only, and must be claimed by expiration date.  this offer may be terminated without notice. valid at participating locations only, while supplies last. void where prohibited. acceptance and use of code(s) is subject to all applicable laws. edible®, edible arrangements® & design and all other marks noted are trademarks of edible arrangements, llc. © 2015 edible arrangements, llc. all rights reserved. revised terms as of 10/28/2016-due to unanticipated shortage of strawberries, sponsor has revised the promotional offer: free autumn swizzle® mixed dipped fruit™ 12-ct box with a purchase of $50+ for a limited time, receive a free autumn swizzle® mixed dipped fruit™ 12-ct box with a purchase of $50+per recipient (excluding tax & delivery)! offer expires on 10/30/16 at 11:59pm est. free 12-count autumn swizzle mixed dipped fruit box has a $44 value. purchaser will be prompted at checkout to have the option of sending this free product to the recipient, or receiving a voucher via email. this voucher will be sent within 72 hours of completing your order. free 12-count autumn swizzle® mixed dipped fruit™ voucher must be redeemed by 11/20/16 and is redeemable in store only. if you choose to have this product delivered through your local store, delivery fees will apply ($13.99). cannot be combined with any additional coupons, coupon codes, or promotions. not valid on shipment orders. cannot be used on previous orders. no substitutions. not valid on previous purchases. offers valid for a limited time only, and may be terminated without notice. valid at participating locations only, while supplies last. void where prohibited. due to limited product availability, we reserve the right to provide seasonal chocolate dipped fruit in your free 12 count of equal or greater value than the free product shown.  acceptance and use of code(s) is subject to all applicable laws. void where prohibited. edible®, edible arrangements® & design and all other marks noted are trademarks of edible arrangements, llc. © 2015 edible arrangements, llc. all rights reserved. receive free delivery on $50+ receive free delivery ($13.99 value) on any order $50+ per recipient order for a limited time (excluding tax & delivery charges)! enter code free3116 at checkout to redeem. offer expires on 11/6/16 at 11:59pm edt. coupon expires on 11/7/16 at 3:00am edt. cannot be combined with any additional coupons, coupon codes, or promotional offers. no substitutions. not valid on previous purchases, pickup orders or products that are already discounted. valid at participating retail locations only, while supplies last. containers, boxes, balloons, plush toys may vary from shown. acceptance and use of use of code is subject to all applicable laws. void where prohibited. note: orders to be delivered to a zip code not serviced by a retail store will be delivered via ups (“shipping orders”). shipping orders incur an additional shipping charge that may be higher than the retail store delivery charge of $13.99. shipping charges vary depending upon size of order and shipping location. email exclusive: receive free delivery on $30+ receive free delivery ($13.99 value) on any order $30+ per recipient order for a limited time (excluding tax & delivery charges)! enter code dlvr1311 at checkout to redeem. offer expires on 11/6/16 at 11:59pm edt. coupon expires on 11/7/16 at 3:00am edt. cannot be combined with any additional coupons, coupon codes, or promotional offers. no substitutions. not valid on previous purchases, pickup orders or products that are already discounted. valid at participating retail locations only, while supplies last. containers, boxes, balloons, plush toys may vary from shown. acceptance and use of use of code is subject to all applicable laws. void where prohibited. note: orders to be delivered to a zip code not serviced by a retail store will be delivered via ups (“shipping orders”). shipping orders incur an additional shipping charge that may be higher than the retail store delivery charge of $13.99. shipping charges vary depending upon size of order and shipping location. save $10 off $29+ for a limited time, save $10 off site wide (any order of $29+) per recipient (excluding tax and delivery fees)! offer expires on 10/23/16 at 11:59pm edt. enter code edbl1188 at checkout to redeem. coupon expires on 10/24/16 at 3:00am edt. cannot be used on previous orders & already discounted products, cannot be combined with other coupons, coupon codes or promotional offers. no substitutions. not valid on previous purchases. offers valid for a limited time only, and may be terminated without notice. valid at participating locations only, while supplies last. excludes fruit salads, smoothies, fruit parfaits, single pieces of dipped fruit, pineapple pops, and 6-count boxes. void where prohibited. acceptance and use of code(s) is subject to all applicable laws. void where prohibited. edible arrangements® & design and all other marks noted are trademarks of edible arrangements, llc. © 2015 edible arrangements, llc. all rights reserved. email exclusive: receive free delivery on $50+ receive free delivery ($13.99 value) on any order $50+ per recipient order for a limited time (excluding tax & delivery charges)! enter code free5542 at checkout to redeem. offer expires on 10/31/16 at 11:59pm edt. coupon expires on 10/31/16 at 3:00am edt. no substitutions. not valid on previous purchases, pickup orders or products that are already discounted. valid at participating retail locations only, while supplies last. containers, boxes, balloons, plush toys may vary from shown. acceptance and use of use of code is subject to all applicable laws. void where prohibited. note: orders to be delivered to a zip code not serviced by a retail store will be delivered via ups (“shipping orders”). shipping orders incur an additional shipping charge that may be higher than the retail store delivery charge of $13.99. shipping charges vary depending upon size of order and shipping location. receive free delivery on select products receive free delivery ($13.99 value) on the select products located within www.ediblearrangements.com/free-delivery! offer expires on 10/19/16 at 11:59pm edt. enter code dlvr7722 at checkout to redeem. coupon expires on 10/20/16 at 3:00am edt. cannot be used on previous orders & already discounted products, cannot be combined with other coupons, coupon codes or promotional offers. no substitutions. not valid on previous purchases. offers valid for a limited time only, and may be terminated without notice. excludes fruit salads, fruit parfaits, single pieces of dipped fruit, pineapple pops, and 6-count boxes. valid at participating locations only, while supplies last. void where prohibited. acceptance and use of code(s) is subject to all applicable laws. void where prohibited. free delivery offer has a value of $13.99 and will be applied at check out. note: orders to be delivered to a zip code not serviced by a retail store will be delivered via ups (“shipping orders”). shipping orders incur an additional shipping charge that may be higher than the retail store delivery charge of $13.99. shipping charges vary depending upon size of order and shipping location. edible arrangements® & design and all other marks noted are trademarks of edible arrangements, llc. © 2015 edible arrangements, llc. all rights reserved save $10 on select products save $10 on select products for a limited time! this offer is valid only on products found within www.ediblearrangements.com/10-dollars-off. offer expires on 10/23/16 at 11:59pm edt. enter code save5656 at checkout to redeem. coupon expires on 10/24/16 at 3:00am edt. cannot be used on previous orders & already discounted products, cannot be combined with other coupons, coupon codes or promotional offers. no substitutions. not valid on previous purchases. offers valid for a limited time only, and may be terminated without notice. excludes fruit salads, fruit parfaits, single pieces of dipped fruit, pineapple pops, and 6-count boxes. valid at participating locations only, while supplies last. void where prohibited. acceptance and use of code(s) is subject to all applicable laws. void where prohibited. edible arrangements® & design and all other marks noted are trademarks of edible arrangements, llc. © 2015 edible arrangements, llc. all rights reserved. email exclusive: receive free delivery on $50+ receive free delivery ($13.99 value) on any order $50+ per recipient order for a limited time (excluding tax & delivery charges)! enter code free1723 at checkout to redeem. offer expires on 10/19/16 at 11:59pm edt. coupon expires on 10/20/16 at 3:00am edt. no substitutions. not valid on previous purchases, pickup orders or products that are already discounted. valid at participating retail locations only, while supplies last. containers, boxes, balloons, plush toys may vary from shown. acceptance and use of use of code is subject to all applicable laws. void where prohibited. note: orders to be delivered to a zip code not serviced by a retail store will be delivered via ups (“shipping orders”). shipping orders incur an additional shipping charge that may be higher than the retail store delivery charge of $13.99. shipping charges vary depending upon size of order and shipping location. 20% off select products! for a limited time, save 20% off any of the select products within www.ediblearrangements.com/save-20-percent! use coupon code edbl2216 to redeem. offer expires on 10/16/16 at 11:59pm edt. coupon code expires on 10/17/16 at 3:00am edt. cannot be used on previous orders & already discounted products, cannot be combined with other coupons, coupon codes or promotional offers. no substitutions. not valid on previous purchases. offers valid for a limited time only, and may be terminated without notice. valid at participating locations only, while supplies last. void where prohibited. acceptance and use of code(s) is subject to all applicable laws. void where prohibited. edible arrangements® & design and all other marks noted are trademarks of edible arrangements, llc. © 2015 edible arrangements, llc. all rights reserved. email exclusive: save 20% off $29+! for a limited time, save 20% off any order of $29+ per recipient (excluding tax and delivery fees)! offer expires on 10/16/16 at 11:59pm edt. enter code save2949 at checkout to redeem. coupon expires on 10/17/16 at 3:00am edt. cannot be used on previous orders & already discounted products, cannot be combined with other coupons, coupon codes or promotional offers. no substitutions. not valid on previous purchases. offers valid for a limited time only, and may be terminated without notice. excludes fruit salads, smoothies, fruit parfaits, single pieces of dipped fruit, pineapple pops, and 6-count boxes. valid at participating locations only, while supplies last. void where prohibited. acceptance and use of code(s) is subject to all applicable laws. void where prohibited. edible arrangements® & design and all other marks noted are trademarks of edible arrangements, llc. © 2015 edible arrangements, llc. all rights reserved. twitter giveaway: boss emoji twitter contest contest name: twitter giveaway: boss emoji twitter contest sponsor: edible arrangements international, llc (“sponsor”) sponsor address: 95 barnes road, wallingford, ct 06492 telephone: (203) 774-8000 no purchase or payment of any kind is necessary to enter or win. purchase does not increase odds of winning. contest is open only to individuals who are legal residents of the united states, puerto rico, and the district of columbia, and canada (excluding quebec) and who have reached the age of majority in their state/province of residence at the time of entry (entrants). contest is void where prohibited. odds of winning depend upon the quality of the number of eligible entries received during the contest period. description of contest/participation. 1.      date of contest:          contest entries accepted between 9:00 a.m. (est) on october 11, 2016 through 11:59 pm (est) on october 13, 2016 (“contest period”). 2.      how to enter:              on october 11, 2016 reply to any one of edible arrangements’ three tweets announcing the boss’s day emoji contest with 3 emojis that represent your boss for a chance to win a boss’s day treat to be delivered to your boss. 3.      eligibility: to be considered for the prize entrants must submit an eligible tweet in accordance with these rules.  all eligible tweets must include 3 emojis that represent characteristics of your boss.  all entries must be submitted by 11:59pm (est) on october 13, 2016. any late submission will not be considered. important notes: you will need to create a twitter account if you don’t already have one. membership on each platform is free, and registration for twitter can be obtained by logging on to http://twitter.com  (“twitter web site”). if your twitter account is set to “protected mode,” your updates/responses may not be visible in sponsor’s inbox and therefore may not be received by sponsor unless you previously consented to permit sponsor to see your twitter updates. valid contest entries must contain all information requested, not contain any prohibited or unauthorized material, and be received by sponsor by no later than 11:59 p.m. est on october 13, 2016. entrant represents, warrants and covenants that the entrant’s use of photographs, names, addresses, relationships, or circumstances and all other information is used with full permission, is true, and does not violate any copyrighted material or third party trademarks or intellectual property. no obscene, offensive, illegal, unlawful, defamatory, derogatory, discriminatory, inflammatory, insulting, or otherwise inappropriate entry, in sponsor’s sole discretion, is eligible for entry and will not be considered; including, but not limited to, crude, vulgar or offensive language and/or symbols; derogatory characterizations of any ethnic, racial, sexual, religious or other groups; content that endorses, condones and/or discusses any illegal, inappropriate or risky behavior or conduct (including but not limited to the use of alcohol or drugs); personal information of individuals, including, without limitation, names, telephone numbers and addresses (physical or electronic). there is a limit of one (1) entry per person.  duplicate entries and/or incomplete entries will be disqualified. anyone found to be using multiple twitter accounts to enter will be ineligible to participate in the contest.  use of any device to automate entry is prohibited. entrants are subject to twitter’s terms of service and rules, found at twitter’s web site. all entries become the property of sponsor and will not be acknowledged or returned. sponsor is not responsible for entries not received due to difficulty accessing the internet, service outage or delays, computer difficulties and other technological problems. sponsor is not responsible for lost, late, illegible, misdirected, or incomplete entries. in the event of a dispute over who submitted a winning online entry, the authorized subscriber of the twitter account used to participate in the contest at the actual time of entry will be deemed to be the entrant. the authorized account subscriber is defined as the natural person who is assigned a twitter account by twitter. 4.      prize: one (1) prize consisting of the for a wonderful boss, retail value usd  $74.30/cad$89.25 (including sales tax and delivery). the prize is awarded if properly claimed according to these rules and if there are sufficient eligible entries. all other costs and expenses related to prize acceptance and use not specified herein as being provided are the sole responsibility of winner(s). if the winner is disqualified or ineligible, sponsor may at its discretion determine an alternate winner or decline to award the prize. the valuation of the prize stated above is based on information available to sponsor at the beginning of the contest period. the value of any prize awarded to a winner may be reported for tax purposes as required by law. each winner is solely responsible for reporting and paying any and all applicable taxes and expenses related to the prize which are not specifically provided for in these rules. prizes are not transferable, redeemable for cash or exchangeable for another prize, coupon or voucher except in sponsor’s sole discretion. sponsor reserves the right to substitute a prize, in whole or in part, with another prize of equal or greater value or alternatively, may substitute such prize with a comparable prize at the sponsor’s discretion (including without limitation shipment of a gift box of dipped fruit™), if for any reason a prize should become unavailable, cannot be picked up by the winner, or if the recipient is not within a delivery range of sponsor’s franchises. 5.      winner selection: sponsor will randomly choose a winner from all eligible entries received within the contest period.  the winner will be notified on october 14, 2016 via a tweet directly to the winner’s twitter account.  notification is deemed to have occurred immediately upon sending of the tweet or comment by sponsor.  the winner will receive instructions to email sponsor to claim the prize, and sponsor will then send instructions and forms to be completed to claim the prize.  the winner will have his or her prize delivered or picked up on october 17, 2016.  if the winner is not available to accept delivery or pick up his or her prize by the specified date, such winner may be disqualified and sponsor reserves the right to choose an alternative prize winner.  the winner must provide eligibility information prior to being awarded the prize. if a winner does not respond to sponsor’s contact attempts for prize awarding, or if a winner otherwise fails to comply with these contest rules, sponsor reserves the right to determine an alternate winner or not to award that winner’s prize, in its sole discretion. canada residents only:  before being declared eligible to claim a prize, applicable canada law requires that any winner who is a canada resident must first correctly answer a time-limited mathematical skill-testing question to be administered by telephone by sponsor. if such winner fails to correctly answer, unaided, the skill-testing question, then he/she will be disqualified and forfeit his/her opportunity to be a winner.  the sponsor, at its sole and absolute discretion, may select another winner from the remaining eligible entries. 6.      tweeting.  if you use twitter via a wireless mobile device (which is not required to enter the contest), standard text messaging and/or data rates may apply for each message sent or received from your device according to the terms and conditions of your service agreement with your wireless carrier.  other charges may also be applied by your wireless carrier. 7.      eligibility and limitations. the potential prize winner may in sponsor’s sole discretion be required to sign and return a declaration of eligibility and any other forms necessary to verify eligibility, along with any other information and releases within forty eight (48) hours after the first delivery attempt to entrant’s twitter or email account in order to receive the prize, unless otherwise stated herein or at the time of notification. the potential prize winner's failure to follow all instructions and complete and return all required forms within this time period may result in disqualification and an alternate winner may be selected in sponsor’s sole discretion. employees of sponsor and its affiliates, or of an edible arrangements® franchisee, their respective immediate family members, and members of their households are not eligible to participate or win. “immediate family” is defined as parents, siblings, children or spouse. 8.      tampering and delivery disclaimer. sponsor, in its sole discretion, reserves the right to disqualify and prohibit any person from participating in the contest if sponsor determines (in its sole discretion) that the person is or is attempting to: (i) tamper with sponsor’s twitter account and/or any part of the contest; (ii) undermine the legitimate operation of the contest by cheating, deception, or other unfair playing practices, (iii) annoy, abuse, threaten or harass any one; and/or (iv) otherwise violate these rules. sponsor reserves the right to seek damages and any other available remedies from any such person(s) responsible for any such attempt to the fullest extent permitted by law. each entrant agrees to indemnify, defend, and hold harmless sponsor, twitter, any edible arrangements® franchisee (and their respective employees, agents, officers, directors, employees, agents, licensees, associates and affiliates from and against any and all claims, losses, damages and/or liabilities (including reasonable attorneys' fees and expenses) that may be asserted against or incurred by any of them at any time, in connection with the entry and/or by entrant’s breaches of any representation, warranty or covenants associated with this contest. in the event of termination of the contest by sponsor, sponsor reserves the right to award any prize(s) in a manner deemed fair and equitable by sponsor. in no event will the type and quantity of prizes awarded exceed the number of prizes described in these rules. 9.      publicity; use of personal information. by participating, where allowed by law, entrants grant sponsor permission to use their names, characters, photographs, entries, voices, and likenesses in connection with promotion of this and other contests and waive any claims to royalty, right, or remuneration for such use. by participating in the contest, where allowed by law, entrants agree that sponsor may use such information for marketing purposes, and may include the names of the winner in a publicly available winners’ list. any personal information submitted to sponsor during this contest will be used by sponsor only for the purpose of administering the contest and pursuant to these rules. 10.  releases and conditions. by participating in the contest or accepting a prize, each entrant and winner waives (and unconditionally releases any and all claims of liability against) sponsor, each edible arrangements® franchisee, twitter, and their respective employees, agents, officers, directors, employees, agents, licensees, associates, and affiliates for any injury, loss or damage which may occur from the conduct of, or participation in, the contest, or from the prize receipt and/or use or misuse of any prize, including any travel related thereto. winner agrees to allow sponsor to use winner’s names, twitter accounts, voices, photographs, likenesses, biographical material, in any advertising or broadcasting material relating to this contest, without additional financial or other compensation, and where allowed by law, sign a publicity release confirming such consent prior to acceptance of the prize. sponsor is not responsible or liable to any entrant or winner or any person claiming through such entrant or winner for failure to supply the prize or any part thereof, by reason of any acts of god, any action, regulation, order or request by any governmental or quasi-governmental entity (whether or not the action, regulations, order or request proves to be invalid), equipment failure, air raid, blackout, act of public enemy, earthquake, volcanic eruption, war (declared or undeclared), fire, flood, epidemic, explosion, unusually severe weather, hurricane, embargo, labor dispute or strike (whether legal or illegal) labor or material shortage, transportation interruption of any kind, work slow-down, civil disturbance, insurrection, riot, or any other cause beyond the sponsor’s sole control. all taxes (other than the state/provincial sales tax or other value added taxes associated with the prize, if any), related fees, other costs and expenses related to prize acceptance and use not specified herein as being provided are the sole responsibility of prize winner. sponsor has no further obligation to winner. 11.  miscellaneous. all prizes are awarded “as is” and without any warranty of any kind, express or implied (including, without limitation, any implied warranty of merchantability or fitness for a particular purpose), and all such warranties are hereby disclaimed. sponsor is not responsible for an entrant’s change of email address. sponsor is not obligated to telephone winner (other than contacting canada resident winner for administration of skill-testing questions), leave a voice mail, answering machine or other message. sponsor is not responsible for and not liable for late, misdirected or unsuccessful efforts to notify a qualifier or potential winner or deliver the prize, or if the potential winner does not claim the prize within the appropriate time given upon notification. all decisions of sponsor are final. by participating in the contest, entrant agrees to be bound by these rules; that the decisions of sponsor are final on all matters relating to the contest; that entrant is not entering on behalf of anyone else; and in the event that entrant does not comply with these rules, then entrant will be disqualified. void outside of the united states, the district of columbia, puerto rico, and canada.  void in quebec.  void wherever prohibited or restricted by law. for a copy of these rules, or where required by law, a list of winner, send a letter request by us mail or canada post to sponsor. as a condition of participating in the contest, entrant agrees (and agree to confirm in writing): (a) under no circumstances will entrant be permitted to obtain awards for, and entrant hereby waives all rights to claim, punitive, incidental, consequential, or any other damages, other than for actual out-of-pocket expenses; (b) all causes of action arising out of or connected with this contest or any prize awarded shall be resolved individually, without resort to any form of class action; and (c) any and all claims, judgments, and award shall be limited to actual out-of-pocket costs incurred, excluding attorneys’ fees and court costs. participation in the contest constitutes entrant’s full and unconditional agreement to, and acceptance of these rules. winning a prize is contingent upon entrant’s fulfillment of all requirements set forth herein. the conduct of the contest is governed by the laws of the united states of america or canada (except quebec) (as applicable to the resident), which take precedence over any rule to the contrary herein. any questions, comments or complaints regarding the contest must be directed to sponsor. entrant acknowledges and understands that any information provided will be used for administering the contest and as otherwise described in these rules. edible arrangements® and other marks noted are registered trademarks of edible arrangements, llc. ©2015 edible arrangements, llc. all rights reserved. twitter is not a sponsor, endorser or in any way affiliated with this contest.  twitter® is a registered trademark of twitter. boss’s day tag your coworkers to win a prize for your boss contest rules contest name: boss’s day tag your coworkers to win a prize for your boss social media contest sponsor: edible arrangements international, llc (“sponsor”) sponsor address: 95 barnes road, wallingford, ct 06492 telephone: (203) 774-8000 no purchase or payment of any kind is necessary to enter or win. purchase does not increase odds of winning. contest is open only to individuals who are legal residents of the united states, puerto rico, and the district of columbia, and canada (excluding quebec) and who have reached the age of majority in their state/province of residence at the time of entry (entrants). contest is void where prohibited. odds of winning depend upon the number of eligible entries received during the contest period. description of contest/participation. 1.      dates of contest:        contest entries accepted between 9:00 a.m. and 11:59 p.m. (edt) on tuesday october 4, 2016 (“contest period”).  visitors to the edible arrangements® facebook/linkedin/google+ pages page will be able to respond to sponsor’s post by tagging 3 coworkers to enter. 2.      how to enter:  at 9:00 a.m. on october 4, 2016, sponsor will post on sponsor’s facebook/linkedin and google+ pages requesting entrants to tag three coworkers to be entered into a random drawing. entrants can tag (or share as the case may be) their 3 coworkers from any of sponsor posts.  one winner will be randomly selected from all eligible entries for a best boss ever gift package (size small) to be delivered to winner’s designated boss and win a 12ct simply swizzled mixed fruit box for themselves.  there is one entry per person limit. to enter the promotion, you must: ·         have a facebook, linkedin or google+ accounts, ·         “like” and/or “follow” sponsor’s official facebook (www.facebook.com/ediblearrangements) during the entry period, ·         follow edible arrangements on linkedin and google+ important notes: you will need to create a facebook, linkedin or google+ account if you don’t already have one. membership is free.  registration for facebook can be obtained by logging on to http://facebook.com.  registration for linkedin can be obtained by logging on to http://linkedin.com , and registration for google+ can be obtained by logging on to http://google+.com. if any of these accounts is set to “protected mode,” your updates/responses may not be visible in sponsor’s inbox and therefore may not be received by sponsor unless you previously consented to permit sponsor to see your updates. valid entries must contain all information requested, not contain any prohibited or unauthorized material, and be received by sponsor by 11:59 p.m. edt on the date of the contest period. entrant represents warrants and covenants that the entrant’s information is used with full permission, is true, and does not violate any right of privacy, rights of publicity, copyrighted material or third party trademarks or intellectual property. no obscene, offensive, illegal, unlawful, defamatory, derogatory, discriminatory, inflammatory, insulting, or otherwise inappropriate entry, in sponsor’s sole discretion, is eligible for entry and will not be considered; including, but not limited to, crude, vulgar or offensive language and/or symbols; derogatory characterizations of any ethnic, racial, sexual, religious or other groups; content that endorses, condones and/or discusses any illegal, inappropriate or risky behavior or conduct (including but not limited to the use of alcohol or drugs); personal information of individuals, including, without limitation, names, telephone numbers and addresses (physical or electronic). there is a limit of one (1) entry per person, per the contest period.  duplicate entries and/or incomplete entries will be disqualified. anyone found to be using multiple facebook, linkedin or google+ accounts to enter will be ineligible to participate in the promotion.  use of any device to automate entry is prohibited. entrants are subject to terms of service and rules of facebook, linkedin and google+ found at on those respective web site(s). all entries become the property of sponsor and will not be acknowledged or returned. sponsor is not responsible for entries not received due to difficulty accessing the internet, service outage or delays, computer difficulties and other technological problems. sponsor is not responsible for lost, late, illegible, misdirected, or incomplete entries. in the event of a dispute over who submitted a selected online entry, the authorized subscriber of the facebook, linkedin or google+ account used to participate in the promotion at the actual time of entry will be deemed to be the entrant. the authorized account subscriber is defined as the natural person who is assigned a facebook, linkedin or google+ account by their respective company. 3.      prize(s). one (1) winner for a best boss ever gift package (size small) retail value us$107.85/ca$126.54 to be delivered to winner’s designated “boss”, and a simply sizzled® mixed fruit box (12ct) retail value us$56.11/ca$61.01 will be awarded to the winning entrant (“prize”) (values include item cost, plus delivery and applicable sales taxes). each prize is awarded if properly claimed according to these rules and if there are sufficient eligible entries. all other costs and expenses related to prize acceptance and use not specified herein as being provided are the sole responsibility of winner. if the winner is disqualified or ineligible, sponsor may at its discretion determine an alternate winner or decline to award the prize. the valuation of the prize stated above is based on information available to sponsor at the beginning of the contest period. the value of any prize awarded to a winner may be reported for tax purposes as required by law. each winner is solely responsible for reporting and paying any and all applicable taxes and expenses related to the prize which is not specifically provided for in these rules. prizes are not transferable, redeemable for cash or exchangeable for another prize, coupon or voucher except in sponsor’s sole discretion.  sponsor reserves the right to substitute a prize, in whole or in part, with another prize of equal or greater value or alternatively, may substitute such prize with a comparable prize at the sponsor’s discretion (including without limitation shipment of a gift box of dipped fruit™), if for any reason a prize should become unavailable, cannot be picked up by the winner, or if the recipient is not within a delivery range of sponsor’s franchises. 4.      winner selection: sponsor will randomly choose the winner from all eligible entries received within the contest period. the winner will be notified via reply post on facebook, linkedin and google+ on wednesday october 5, 2016.  notification is deemed to have occurred immediately upon sponsor’s reply to the winner’s post or any other form of communication.  the winner will receive instructions to email sponsor to claim the prize, and sponsor will then send instructions and forms to be completed to claim the prize.  the winner must have their prize delivered or picked up by october 17, 2016.  the prize can be delivered to either the winner’s boss at his/her place of business, and the winner’s prize can be delivered to his or her residence, or other recipient address residing in the united states or canada as designated by the winner.  if the winner or designated recipient is not available to accept delivery or pick up his or her prize on the specified date, such winner may be disqualified and sponsor reserves the right to choose an alternative prize winner. winner must provide eligibility information prior to being awarded the prize. if a winner does not respond to sponsor’s contact attempts for prize awarding or if a winner otherwise fails to comply with these contest rules, sponsor reserves the right to determine an alternate winner or not to award that winner’s prize, in its sole discretion. all prizes are awarded “as is” and without any warranty of any kind, express or implied (including, without limitation, any implied warranty of merchantability or fitness for a particular purpose), and all such warranties are hereby disclaimed. sponsor is not responsible if a winner does not respond to notification on sponsor’s post, nor for an entrant’s change of email address. sponsor is not obligated to telephone winner, leave a voice mail, answering machine or other message. sponsor is not responsible for and not liable for late, misdirected or unsuccessful efforts to notify a qualifier or potential winners or deliver the prize, or if the potential winner does not claim the prize within the appropriate time given upon notification. all decisions of sponsor are final. by participating in the contest, entrant agrees to be bound by these rules; that the decisions of sponsor are final on all matters relating to the contest; that entrant is not entering on behalf of anyone else; and in the event that entrant does not comply with these rules, then entrant will be disqualified. canada residents only:  before being declared eligible to claim a prize, applicable canada law requires that any winner who is a canada resident must first correctly answer a time-limited mathematical skill-testing question to be administered by telephone by sponsor. if such winner fails to correctly answer, unaided, the skill-testing question, then he/she will be disqualified and forfeit his/her opportunity to be a winner.  the sponsor, at its sole and absolute discretion, may select another winner from the remaining eligible entries. 5.      eligibility and limitations. the potential prize winner may in sponsor’s sole discretion be required to sign and return a declaration of eligibility and any other forms necessary to verify eligibility, along with any other information and releases within forty eight (48) hours after the first delivery attempt to entrant’s e-mail address in order to receive the prize, unless otherwise stated herein or at the time of notification. the potential prize winner's failure to follow all instructions and complete and return all required forms within this time period may result in disqualification and an alternate winner may be selected in sponsor’s sole discretion. employees of sponsor and its affiliates, or an edible arrangements® franchisee, their respective immediate family members, and members of their households are not eligible to participate or win. 6.      tampering and delivery disclaimer. sponsor, in its sole discretion, reserves the right to disqualify and prohibit any person from participating in the contest if sponsor determines (in its sole discretion) that the person is or is attempting to: (i) tamper with sponsor’s social media page(s) and/or any part of the contest; (ii) undermine the legitimate operation of the contest by cheating, deception, or other unfair playing practices, (iii) annoy, abuse, threaten or harass any one; and/or (iv) otherwise violate these rules. sponsor reserves the right to seek damages and any other available remedies from any such person(s) responsible for any such attempt to the fullest extent permitted by law. each entrant agrees to indemnify, defend, and hold harmless sponsor, facebook, any edible arrangements® franchisee (and their respective employees, agents, officers, directors, employees, agents, licensees, associates and affiliates from and against any and all claims, losses, damages and/or liabilities (including reasonable attorneys' fees and expenses) that may be asserted against or incurred by any of them at any time, in connection with the entry and/or by entrant’s breaches of any representation, warranty or covenants associated with this contest. in the event of termination of the contest by sponsor, sponsor reserves the right to award any prize(s) in a manner deemed fair and equitable by sponsor. in no event will the type and quantity of prizes awarded exceed the number of prizes described in these rules. 7.      publicity; use of personal information. by participating, where allowed by law, entrants grant sponsor permission to use their names, characters, photographs, entries, voices, and likenesses in connection with promotion of this and other contests and waive any claims to royalty, right, or remuneration for such use. by participating in the contest, where allowed by law, entrants agree that sponsor may use such information for marketing purposes, and may include the names of winners in a publicly available winners’ list. 8.      releases and conditions. by participating in the contest or accepting a prize, each entrant and winner waives (and unconditionally releases any and all claims of liability against sponsor, each edible arrangements® franchisee, facebook, linkedin, google+, and their respective employees, agents, officers, directors, employees, agents, licensees, associates, and affiliates for any injury, loss or damage which may occur from the conduct of, or participation in, the contest, or from the prize receipt and/or use or misuse of any prize, including any travel related thereto. winner agrees to allow sponsor to use winner’s names, voices, photographs, likenesses, biographical material, in any advertising or broadcasting material relating to this contest, without additional financial or other compensation, and where allowed by law, sign a publicity release confirming such consent prior to acceptance of the prize. sponsor is not responsible or liable to any entrant or winner or any person claiming through such entrant or winner for failure to supply the prize or any part thereof, by reason of any acts of god, any action, regulation, order or request by any governmental or quasi-governmental entity (whether or not the action, regulations, order or request proves to be invalid), equipment failure, air raid, blackout, act of public enemy, earthquake, volcanic eruption, war (declared or undeclared), fire, flood, epidemic, explosion, unusually severe weather, hurricane, embargo, labor dispute or strike (whether legal or illegal) labor or material shortage, transportation interruption of any kind, work slow-down, civil disturbance, insurrection, riot, or any other cause beyond the sponsor’s sole control. all taxes (other than the state sales tax associated with the prize, if any), related fees, other costs and expenses related to prize acceptance and use not specified herein as being provided are the sole responsibility of prize winner. sponsor has no further obligation to winner. this promotion is in no way sponsored, endorsed or administered by, or associated with, facebook. entrant affirmatively releases facebook from any and all claims related to the promotion. entrant is providing entry information to sponsor and not facebook. 9.      miscellaneous. void outside of the united states, the district of columbia, puerto rico, and canada.  void in quebec.  void wherever prohibited or restricted by law. for a copy of these rules, or where required by law, a list of winners, send a letter request by us mail or canada post to sponsor. as a condition of participating in the contest, entrants agree (and agree to confirm in writing): (a) under no circumstances will entrant be permitted to obtain awards for, and entrant hereby waives all rights to claim, punitive, incidental, consequential, or any other damages, other than for actual out-of-pocket expenses; (b) all causes of action arising out of or connected with this contest or any prize awarded shall be resolved individually, without resort to any form of class action; and (c) any and all claims, judgments, and award shall be limited to actual out-of-pocket costs incurred, excluding attorneys’ fees and court costs. participation in the contest constitutes entrant’s full and unconditional agreement to, and acceptance of these rules. winning a prize is contingent upon entrant’s fulfillment of all requirements set forth herein. the conduct of the contest is governed by the laws of the united states of america or canada (as applicable to the resident), which take precedence over any rule to the contrary herein. any questions, comments or complaints regarding the contest must be directed to sponsor. entrant acknowledges and understands that any information provided will be used for administering the contest and as otherwise described in these rules. edible arrangements® and other marks noted are registered trademarks of edible arrangements, llc. ©2016 edible arrangements, llc. all rights reserved. 20% off select products! for a limited time, save 20% off any of the select products within www.ediblearrangements.com/save-20-percent! use coupon code edbl9266 to redeem. offer expires on 10/2/16 at 11:59pm edt. coupon code expires on 10/3/16 at 3:00am edt. cannot be used on previous orders & already discounted products, cannot be combined with other coupons, coupon codes or promotional offers. no substitutions. not valid on previous purchases. offers valid for a limited time only, and may be terminated without notice. valid at participating locations only, while supplies last. void where prohibited. acceptance and use of code(s) is subject to all applicable laws. void where prohibited. edible arrangements® & design and all other marks noted are trademarks of edible arrangements, llc. © 2015 edible arrangements, llc. all rights reserved. business gifting “win 10 exquisitely edible® and perfectly professional chocolate boxes” giveaway contest rules contest name: “win 10 exquisitely edible® and perfectly professional chocolate boxes” giveaway (“contest”) sponsor: edible arrangements international, llc (“sponsor”) sponsor address: 95 barnes road, wallingford, ct 06492 telephone: (203) 774-8000 no purchase or payment of any kind is necessary to enter or win. purchase does not increase odds of winning. contest is open only to individuals who are legal residents of the united states, puerto rico and the district of columbia (excludes canada), and who have reached the age of majority in their state of residence at the time of entry (entrants). contest is void where prohibited. odds of winning depend upon the number of eligible entries received during the applicable contest period. description of contest/participation. 1.      date of contest:          the contest starts at 8:00 a.m. est on october 18 and ends at 11:59 p.m. on november 18, 2016 (the “contest period”). 2.      description of contest:  complete the entry form with your name and the name and address of your employer to be to be entered into a random drawing to win a 10 edible® signature chocolate boxes to be delivered to your office during regular business hours. 3.      how to enter:   to enter, log onto www.edible.com/businessgiftinggiveaway and complete the online entry form in its entirety, including all required contact information, including your name, the name of your employer, and office address (city, state, and zip code) by the end of the contest period.  only complete entry forms submitted during the contest period will be eligible for consideration for the prize, no late or incomplete entry forms will be considered.  if the winner is no longer employed by the employer named in the entry form at the time of scheduled delivery of the prize, the winner will be disqualified and the prize forfeited; and an alternate winner may be selected in sponsor’s sole discretion.  if you do not have access to the internet, you can enter by calling sponsor’s edible concierge at (800) 691-3564 and ask to speak to someone regarding the edible arrangements business gifting “win 10 exquisitely edible® and perfectly professional chocolate boxes” giveaway. valid entries must contain all requested information, not contain any prohibited or unauthorized material, and it must be received by sponsor by the end of the contest period. entrant represents warrants and covenants that the entrant’s use of names, email addresses, business addresses, telephone numbers and all other information is used with full permission and is accurate. no obscene, offensive, illegal, unlawful, defamatory, derogatory, discriminatory, inflammatory, insulting, or otherwise inappropriate entry, in sponsor’s sole discretion, is eligible for entry and will not be considered. there is a limit of one (1) entry per person regardless of method of entry.  duplicate entries and/or incomplete entries will be disqualified. use of any device to automate or manipulate entry is prohibited.  only one prize will be awarded to a winner.  if a selected winner is disqualified for any reason and an alternate winner is selected, the disqualified winner will have no rights to the prize, or any other contest benefits. all entries become the property of sponsor and will not be acknowledged or returned. sponsor is not responsible for entries not received due to difficulty accessing the internet, service outage or delays, computer difficulties and other technological problems. sponsor is not responsible for lost, late, illegible, misdirected, or incomplete entries. in the event of a dispute over who submitted a winning online entry, the authorized subscriber of the internet or email account used to participate in the contest at the actual time of entry will be deemed to be the entrant. 4.      prize(s). one (1) winner for a 10 edible® signature chocolate boxes (“prize”), will be awarded to one winner randomly selected at the end of the contest period.  the prize has a total retail value us $535.99 (value includes item cost, plus delivery, and sales tax).  the prize is awarded if properly claimed according to these rules and if there are sufficient eligible entries. all other costs and expenses related to prize acceptance and use not specified herein as being provided are the sole responsibility of winner. if the winner is disqualified or ineligible, sponsor may at its discretion determine an alternate winner or decline to award the prize. the valuation of the prize stated above is based on information available to sponsor as of the date of the contest period. the value of the prize awarded to a winner may be reported for tax purposes as required by law.  the winner is solely responsible for reporting and paying any and all applicable taxes (except sales tax, which will be paid by the sponsor) and expenses related to the prize which is not specifically provided for in these rules. prizes are not transferable, redeemable for cash or exchangeable for another prize, coupon or voucher except in sponsor’s sole discretion. sponsor reserves to substitute the prize, in whole or in part, with another prize of equal or greater value or alternatively, may substitute such prize with a comparable prize at the sponsor’s sole discretion (including without limitation shipment of chocolate dipped fruit™ products), if for any reason the prize should become unavailable, cannot be picked up by the winner, or cannot be delivered by one of sponsor’s franchises. 5.      winner selection: sponsor will randomly select a winning entry from all eligible entries received within the contest period on or about november 21, 2016.  the winner will be notified within 24 hours of selection to the email address provided in the entry form (or by telephone if entrant does not have an email address) (the “notification”), which notification will contain instructions to contact sponsor to claim the prize.  the winner must respond with his or her email address within forty-eight (48) hours of the date of the notification, and sponsor will then send the winner instructions and forms to be completed to claim the prize.  the winner must have his or her prize delivered to the winner’s place of business during normal business hours within thirty (30) days of the notification date.  if the winner is not available to accept delivery of the prize by the specified date, such winner may be disqualified and sponsor reserves the right to choose an alternative prize winner.  the winner must provide eligibility information prior to being awarded the prize. if a winner does not respond to sponsor’s contact attempts for prize awarding, or if a winner otherwise fails to comply with these contest rules, sponsor reserves the right to determine an alternate winner or not to award that winner’s prize, in its sole discretion. all prizes are awarded “as is” and without any warranty of any kind, express or implied (including, without limitation, any implied warranty of merchantability or fitness for a particular purpose), and all such warranties are hereby disclaimed. sponsor is not responsible for an entrant’s change of email address. sponsor is not obligated to telephone winner (if an email address is provided in the entry form), leave a voice mail, answering machine or other message. sponsor is not responsible for and not liable for late, misdirected or unsuccessful efforts to notify a qualifier or potential winner or deliver the prize, or if the potential winner does not claim the prize within the appropriate time given upon notification. all decisions of sponsor are final. by participating in the contest, entrant agrees to be bound by these rules; that the decisions of sponsor are final on all matters relating to the contest; that entrant is not entering on behalf of anyone else; and in the event that entrant does not comply with these rules, then entrant will be disqualified. 6.      eligibility and limitations. the potential prize winner must be employed by the named employer in the entry form at the time of prize selection and delivery.  a winner may be disqualified if the prize cannot be delivered by one of sponsor’s participating edible arrangements® franchise locations to winner’s place of employment.   the prize must be delivered at the winner’s place of employment during normal business hours in accordance with sponsor’s standard business delivery policy.  the potential prize winner may in sponsor’s sole discretion be required to sign and return a declaration of eligibility and any other forms necessary to verify eligibility, along with any other information and releases within forty eight (48) hours after the first delivery attempt to entrant’s e-mail address in order to receive the prize, unless otherwise stated herein or at the time of notification. the potential prize winner's failure to follow all instructions and complete and return all required forms within this time period may result in disqualification and an alternate winner may be selected in sponsor’s sole discretion. employees of sponsor and its affiliates, or of an edible arrangements® franchisee, their respective immediate family members, and members of their households are not eligible to participate or win. “immediate family” is defined as parents, siblings, children or spouse. 7.      tampering and delivery disclaimer. sponsor, in its sole discretion, reserves the right to disqualify and prohibit any person from participating in the contest if sponsor determines (in its sole discretion) that the person is or is attempting to: (i) tamper with any part of the contest; (ii) undermine the legitimate operation of the contest by cheating, deception, or other unfair playing practices, (iii) annoy, abuse, threaten or harass any one; and/or (iv) otherwise violate these rules. sponsor reserves the right to seek damages and any other available remedies from any such person(s) responsible for any such attempt to the fullest extent permitted by law. each entrant agrees to indemnify, defend, and hold harmless sponsor, and any edible arrangements® franchisee (and their respective employees, agents, officers, directors, employees, agents, licensees, associates and affiliates from and against any and all claims, losses, damages and/or liabilities (including reasonable attorneys' fees and expenses) that may be asserted against or incurred by any of them at any time, in connection with the entry and/or by entrant’s or the recipient’s breaches of any representation, warranty or covenants associated with this contest. in the event of termination of the contest by sponsor, sponsor reserves the right to award any prize(s) in a manner deemed fair and equitable by sponsor. in no event will the type and quantity of prizes awarded exceed the number of prizes described in these rules. privacy.  this contest entry will require the entrant to provide personally identifying information, including name, complete business address, email address, telephone number, and place of employment.  the information that you provide will be added to sponsor’s database and may be used to send promotional materials in accordance with our privacy policy that can be located at www.ediblearrangements.com/legal/privacypolicy. if you do not wish to share your perosnal information do not enter this sweepstakes. blackout dates:  the prize is void for delivery on the following dates: november 25 through november 28, december 23 through december 27, 2016, and december 31, 2016 (“blackout dates”).   the winner(s) cannot select delivery of the prize on any of the blackout dates. the winner(s) must select an alternate delivery date within the thirty (30) day delivery timeframe. 10.  releases and conditions. by participating in the contest or accepting the prize, each entrant and winner waives and unconditionally releases any and all claims of liability against sponsor, each edible arrangements® franchisee, and their respective employees, agents, officers, directors, employees, agents, licensees, associates, and affiliates for any injury, loss or damage which may occur from the conduct of, or participation in, the contest, or from the prize receipt and/or use or misuse of any prize, including any travel related thereto. winner agrees to sign a publicity release prior to acceptance of the prize. sponsor is not responsible or liable to any entrant or winner or any person claiming through such entrant or winner for failure to supply the prize or any part thereof, by reason of any acts of god, any action, regulation, order or request by any governmental or quasi-governmental entity (whether or not the action, regulations, order or request proves to be invalid), equipment failure, air raid, blackout, act of public enemy, earthquake, volcanic eruption, war (declared or undeclared), fire, flood, epidemic, explosion, unusually severe weather, hurricane, embargo, labor dispute or strike (whether legal or illegal) labor or material shortage, transportation interruption of any kind, work slow-down, civil disturbance, insurrection, riot, or any other cause beyond the sponsor’s sole control. all taxes (other than the state sales tax associated with the prize, if any), related fees, other costs and expenses related to prize acceptance and use not specified herein as being provided are the sole responsibility of prize winner. sponsor has no further obligation to winner. 11.  miscellaneous. void outside of the united states, the district of columbia, and puerto rico.  void in canada.  void wherever prohibited or restricted by law. for a copy of these rules, or where required by law, a list of winners, send a letter request by us mail to sponsor. as a condition of participating in the contest, entrants agree (and agree to confirm in writing): (a) under no circumstances will entrant be permitted to obtain awards for, and entrant hereby waives all rights to claim, punitive, incidental, consequential, or any other damages, other than for actual out-of-pocket expenses; (b) all causes of action arising out of or connected with this contest or any prize awarded shall be resolved individually, without resort to any form of class action; and (c) any and all claims, judgments, and award shall be limited to actual out-of-pocket costs incurred, excluding attorneys’ fees and court costs. participation in the contest constitutes entrant’s full and unconditional agreement to, and acceptance of these rules. winning a prize is contingent upon entrant’s fulfillment of all requirements set forth herein. the conduct of the contest is governed by the laws of the united states of america (as applicable to the resident), which take precedence over any rule to the contrary herein. any questions, comments or complaints regarding the contest must be directed to sponsor. entrant acknowledges and understands that any information provided will be used for administering the contest and as otherwise described in these rules. edible®, edible arrangements® and other marks noted are registered trademarks of edible arrangements, llc. ©2016 edible arrangements, llc. all rights reserved. edible for business - receipt coupon place a business gift order of at least $500 (excluding tax and delivery charges) between october 15, 2016 and january 13, 2017 and receive $100 off your purchase.  this offer applies to purchaser’s first business gift order totaling $500 or more (excluding tax and delivery charges), can have multiple business recipients.  not valid on personal purchase or multiple orders.  offer valid on in-store purchase only.  must present this receipt to redeem offer.  offer valid only once per customer. contact store for further details. email exclusive: save 20% off $50+! for a limited time, save 20% off any order of $50+ per recipient (excluding tax and delivery fees)! offer expires on 10/2/16 at 11:59pm edt. enter code save2622 at checkout to redeem. coupon expires on 10/3/16 at 3:00am edt. cannot be used on previous orders & already discounted products, cannot be combined with other coupons, coupon codes or promotional offers. no substitutions. not valid on previous purchases. offers valid for a limited time only, and may be terminated without notice. excludes fruit salads, smoothies, fruit parfaits, single pieces of dipped fruit, pineapple pops, and 6-count boxes. valid at participating locations only, while supplies last. void where prohibited. acceptance and use of code(s) is subject to all applicable laws. void where prohibited. edible arrangements® & design and all other marks noted are trademarks of edible arrangements, llc. © 2015 edible arrangements, llc. all rights reserved. exclusive active advantage members save $10 sitewide promotion for a limited time, save $10 off any online order (excluding tax and delivery fees)! coupon expires on 1/31/17 at 11:59 pm edt. cannot be used on previous orders & already discounted products, cannot be combined with other coupons, coupon codes or promotional offers. no substitutions. not valid on previous purchases. offers valid for a limited time only, and may be terminated without notice. valid at participating locations only, while supplies last. void where prohibited. acceptance and use of code(s) is subject to all applicable laws. void where prohibited. edible arrangements® & design and all other marks noted are trademarks of edible arrangements, llc. © 2015 edible arrangements, llc. all rights reserved. shutterfly $20 offer offer valid 10/1/2016-1/31/2017. $29 product minimum excludes tax & delivery. valid on web orders and in store (pick up orders only). cannot be combined with any other offer. $20 shutterfly vouchers will be emailed within 72 hours of purchase. restrictions may apply. ask a fruit expert® for details. edible®, edible arrangements®, the fruit basket logo, and other marks mentioned herein are registered trademarks of edible arrangements, llc. © 2016 edible arrangements, llc. all rights reserved. exclusive active advantage members edible to go® free smoothie or fruit salad promotion for a limited time, get a free fresh fruit smoothie or standard fruit salad. this promotion is redeemable in store only presenting your voucher with a valid coupon code. not valid on web. offer expires 1/31/17 at 11:59pm est. this offer can only be used on edible to go® fresh fruit smoothie, size small (16oz) or standard fruit salad, size small (16oz) only, add-on not included. smoothies only available at select store locations – see store for details. coupon code will discount $4.99 to any $4.99+ smoothie or fruit salad. this is not applicable on arrangements or chocolate dipped fruit boxes. cannot be used on previous orders, cannot be combined with other coupons, coupon codes or promotional offers. valid while supplies last. only one per customer. void where prohibited. acceptance and use of code(s) is subject to all applicable laws. void where prohibited. edible, edible to go, edible arrangements® & design and all other marks noted are trademarks of edible arrangements, llc. © 2016 edible arrangements, llc. all rights reserved. restaurant.com & edible arrangements edible arrangements terms & conditions for a limited time, make a purchase $75 or more (excluding tax or delivery fees) and receive a $50 gift card for restaurant.com or make a purchase $99 or more (excluding tax or delivery fees) and receive a $100 gift card for restaurant.com! no coupon code required to redeem. restaurant.com gift card will be sent via email entered on order within 72 hours. offer ends 9/25/16 at 11:59pm est. promotion is valid on web orders only. in-store orders are not valid with this promotion. cannot be combined with any additional coupons, coupon codes, or promotions. not valid on previous orders. no substitutions.  offers valid for a limited time only, and may be terminated without notice. offer valid while living on the site. valid at participating locations only, while supplies last. acceptance and use of code(s) is subject to all applicable laws. void where prohibited. within 72 hours, edible arrangements will send to the email address of record with the order a restaurant.com promo code to use with your restaurant.com account. you must have a restaurant.com account to redeem the restaurant.com offer.  for details and restrictions on use of the restaurant.com promotion go to http://dine.restaurant.com for their complete terms and conditions and participating restaurants. minimum spend requirements vary and other restrictions may apply. edible®, edible arrangements® & design and all other marks noted are trademarks of edible arrangements, llc. © 2015 edible arrangements, llc. all rights reserved. restaurant.com terms & conditions to redeem your certificate 1.       enter your code on the restaurant.com mobile app or at http://dine.restaurant.com 2.       enter your zip code and select the restaurant(s) of your choice 3.       display the restaurant-specific certificate(s) on your mobile device or bring a printed copy. enjoy your dining experience! terms & conditions:  redeem the gift certificate on the restaurant.com mobile app or online at http://dine.restaurant.com before use. unredeemed gift certificates cannot be applied toward purchase at restaurants. limit of one (1) gift certificate per restaurant per visit. minimum spend requirements and other restrictions on the restaurant-specific gift certificates and online merchant websites vary and are subject to change. other restrictions may apply. visit http://dine.restaurant.com for complete terms and conditions and participating restaurants. free delivery on orders $65+! receive free delivery ($13.99 value) on any order $65+ per recipient order for a limited time (excluding tax & delivery charges)! enter code dlvr6655 at checkout to redeem. offer expires on 9/25/16 at 11:59pm edt. coupon expires on 9/26/16 at 3:00am edt. no substitutions. not valid on previous purchases, pickup orders or products that are already discounted. valid at participating retail locations only, while supplies last. containers, boxes, balloons, plush toys may vary from shown. acceptance and use of use of code is subject to all applicable laws. void where prohibited. note: orders to be delivered to a zip code not serviced by a retail store will be delivered via ups (“shipping orders”). shipping orders incur an additional shipping charge that may be higher than the retail store delivery charge of $13.99. shipping charges vary depending upon size of order and shipping location. email exclusive flash sale! save $10 on orders $50+! for a limited time, save $10 off any order of $50+ per recipient (excluding tax and delivery fees)! offer expires on 9/25/16 at 11:59pm edt. enter code flsh2125 at checkout to redeem. coupon expires on 9/26/16 at 3:00am edt. cannot be used on previous orders & already discounted products, cannot be combined with other coupons, coupon codes or promotional offers. no substitutions. not valid on previous purchases. offers valid for a limited time only, and may be terminated without notice. valid at participating locations only, while supplies last. void where prohibited. acceptance and use of code(s) is subject to all applicable laws. void where prohibited. edible arrangements® & design and all other marks noted are trademarks of edible arrangements, llc. © 2015 edible arrangements, llc. all rights reserved. email exclusive: free delivery on orders $50+! receive free delivery ($13.99 value) on any order $50+ per recipient order for a limited time (excluding tax & delivery charges)! enter code free9199 at checkout to redeem. offer expires on 9/20/16 at 11:59pm edt. coupon expires on 9/21/16 at 3:00am edt. no substitutions. not valid on previous purchases, pickup orders or products that are already discounted. valid at participating retail locations only, while supplies last. containers, boxes, balloons, plush toys may vary from shown. acceptance and use of use of code is subject to all applicable laws. void where prohibited. note: orders to be delivered to a zip code not serviced by a retail store will be delivered via ups (“shipping orders”). shipping orders incur an additional shipping charge that may be higher than the retail store delivery charge of $13.99. shipping charges vary depending upon size of order and shipping location. national dipped fruit week® celebrate national dipped fruit week® and save big on a chocolate dipped mixed fruit box now through september 18, 2016! pickup offer: chocolate dipped mixed fruit box: receive a chocolate dipped mixed fruit box for just $12.99! (regular price: $29.00) this special is available for pick-up only. not valid on delivery or shipment orders. pickup offer: gourmet shareable™ salted caramel apple: receive a gourmet shareable™ salted caramel apple for just $17.99! (regular price: $39.00) this special is available for pick-up only. not valid on delivery or shipment orders. delivery offer: chocolate dipped mixed fruit box: receive a chocolate dipped mixed fruit box for just $19.99! (regular price: $29.00) this special is available for delivery only. delivery fee of $13.99 is not included in this price. not valid on pickup or shipment orders. delivery offer: gourmet shareable™ salted caramel apple: receive a gourmet shareable™ salted caramel apple for just $24.99! (regular price: $39.00) this special is available for delivery only. delivery fee of $13.99 is not included in this price. not valid on pickup or shipment orders. fruit selection in chocolate dipped mixed fruit box is to the store's discretion and can include any of the following: chocolate dipped banana slices, orange wedges, apple wedges, strawberries or pineapple. these offers expire 9.18.16 at 11:59 pm est. cannot be combined with any other offer. not valid towards edible rewards®. no substitutions. excludes tax. not valid on previous purchases or shipment orders. offer valid at participating locations only. while supplies last. box design may vary from shown. free delivery on orders $50+! receive free delivery ($13.99 value) on any order $50+ per recipient order for a limited time (excluding tax & delivery charges)! enter code dlvr9616 at checkout to redeem. offer expires on 9/11/16 at 11:59pm edt. coupon expires on 9/12/16 at 3:00am edt. no substitutions. not valid on previous purchases, pickup orders or products that are already discounted. valid at participating retail locations only, while supplies last. containers, boxes, balloons, plush toys may vary from shown. acceptance and use of use of code is subject to all applicable laws. void where prohibited. note: orders to be delivered to a zip code not serviced by a retail store will be delivered via ups (“shipping orders”). shipping orders incur an additional shipping charge that may be higher than the retail store delivery charge of $13.99. shipping charges vary depending upon size of order and shipping location. edible arrangements® is giving away $1 million dollars in edible to go® products, featuring, smoothies, fresh fruit treats and more! offer details: for a limited time, receive (1) free edible to go® item (up to a $5.99 value) when downloading our new edible app! limit one per person. unique, one-time use code will be sent to guests who download the edible app, via email within 24 hours of email submission pursuant to these terms. offer is valid from 9/12/2016 – 10/31/2016 or until we give away $1 million dollars in edible to go® eligible products (approx. 166,945 codes). coupon codes expire: 12/15/16. coupon must be redeemed in store, not valid on website orders, or orders placed through the app. how it works for guests: •             guest downloads the edible app from app store or google play store •             guest clicks on homepage banner on the homepage of the app and signs up for emails •             guest receives email with unique code within 24 hours •             guest visits a local store to redeem! coupon code is redeemable only for a single edible to go® product with a value up to $5.99.  coupon code has no cash value, and cannot be used for cash back or credited towards another product. coupon cannot be used for purchase of arrangements or fruit boxes. cannot be used on previous orders, or combined with other coupons, coupon codes or promotional offers. valid while supplies last. only one per customer. void where prohibited. acceptance and use of code(s) is subject to all applicable laws. edible, edible to go, edible arrangements® & design and all other marks noted are trademarks of edible arrangements, llc. © 2016 edible arrangements, llc. all rights reserved. an apple a day giveaway contest rules contest name: an apple a day giveaway contest sponsor: edible arrangements international, llc (“sponsor”) sponsor address: 95 barnes road, wallingford, ct 06492 telephone: (203) 774-8000 no purchase or payment of any kind is necessary to enter or win. purchase does not increase odds of winning. contest is open only to individuals who are legal residents of the united states, puerto rico, and the district of columbia, and canada (excluding quebec) and who have reached the age of majority in their state/province of residence at the time of entry (entrants). contest is void where prohibited. odds of winning depend upon the number of eligible entries received during the contest period. description of contest/participation. 1.      dates of contest:        contest entries will be accepted between 9:00 a.m. and 5:00 p.m. est on september 17, 2016 (the “contest period”).  visitors to the edible arrangements® facebook page will be able to post a comment, reply to a tweet and tag a friend about “who you would love to share a “gourmet shareable® apple with!” to enter. how to enter:   at 9:00 a.m. on september 9, 2016, sponsor will post on sponsor’s facebook page a post requesting entrants to post their “who he/she would love to share a “gourmet shareable® apple with!” to be entered into a random drawing. entrants can post their entry on any of the sponsor posts or reply to sponsor’s tweets.  one winner will be randomly selected from all eligible entries. sponsor will review and approve the comment for appropriate content prior to determining eligibility and posting on the edible arrangements® facebook page.  there is one entry per person limit. to enter the promotion, you must: ·         have a facebook or twitter accounts, ·         “like” and/or “follow” sponsor’s official facebook (www.facebook.com/ediblearrangements) during the entry period, and ·         follow edible arrangements on twitter, important notes: you will need to create a facebook or twitter account if you don’t already have one. membership is free.  registration for facebook can be obtained by logging on to http://facebook.com.  registration for twitter can be obtained by logging on to http://twitter.com  (“twitter web site.) if any of these accounts is set to “protected mode,” your updates/responses may not be visible in sponsor’s inbox and therefore may not be received by sponsor unless you previously consented to permit sponsor to see your updates. valid contest entries must contain all information requested, not contain any prohibited or unauthorized material, and be received by sponsor by 5:00 p.m. est of the contest date. entrant represents warrants and covenants that the entrant’s use of photographs, names, addresses, relationships, or circumstances and all other information is used with full permission, is true, and does not violate any copyrighted material or third party trademarks or intellectual property. no obscene, offensive, illegal, unlawful, defamatory, derogatory, discriminatory, inflammatory, insulting, or otherwise inappropriate entry, in sponsor’s sole discretion, is eligible for entry and will not be considered; including, but not limited to, crude, vulgar or offensive language and/or symbols; derogatory characterizations of any ethnic, racial, sexual, religious or other groups; content that endorses, condones and/or discusses any illegal, inappropriate or risky behavior or conduct (including but not limited to the use of alcohol or drugs); personal information of individuals, including, without limitation, names, telephone numbers and addresses (physical or electronic). there is a limit of one (1) entry per person.  duplicate entries and/or incomplete entries will be disqualified. anyone found to be using multiple facebook, or twitter accounts to enter will be ineligible to participate in the contest.  use of any device to automate entry is prohibited. entrants are subject to terms of service and rules of facebook, and twitter, found at their respective web sites. all entries become the property of sponsor and will not be acknowledged or returned. sponsor is not responsible for entries not received due to difficulty accessing the internet, service outage or delays, computer difficulties and other technological problems. sponsor is not responsible for lost, late, illegible, misdirected, or incomplete entries. in the event of a dispute over who submitted a winning online entry, the authorized subscriber of the facebook/twitter account used to participate in the contest at the actual time of entry will be deemed to be the entrant. the authorized account subscriber is defined as the natural person who is assigned a facebook/twitter account by facebook/twitter. 3.      prize(s). one (1) winner for a gourmet shareable® salted caramel apple (“prize”), with a retail value of us $52.99/ca $61.01 (values include item cost and applicable sales taxes and delivery). the prize is awarded if properly claimed according to these rules and if there are sufficient eligible entries. all other costs and expenses related to prize acceptance and use not specified herein as being provided are the sole responsibility of winner. if the winner is disqualified or ineligible, sponsor may at its discretion determine an alternate winner or decline to award the prize. the valuation of the prizes stated above is based on information available to sponsor at the beginning of the contest period. the value of any prize awarded to a winner may be reported for tax purposes as required by law. winner is solely responsible for reporting and paying any and all applicable taxes and expenses related to the prize which is not specifically provided for in these rules. prize is not transferable, redeemable for cash or exchangeable for another prize, coupon or voucher except in sponsor’s sole discretion.  sponsor reserves the right to substitute the prize, in whole or in part, with another prize of equal or greater value or alternatively, may substitute such prize with a comparable prize at the sponsor’s discretion (including without limitation shipment of a gift box of dipped fruit™), if for any reason the prize should become unavailable, cannot be picked up by the winner, or if the recipient is not within a delivery range of sponsor’s franchises. 4.      winner selection: sponsor will randomly select the winner from all eligible entries.  the winner will be notified via a facebook posting on the sponsor’s facebook page.  notification is deemed to have occurred immediately upon posting on sponsor’s facebook page.  the winner will receive instructions to email sponsor to claim the prize, and sponsor will then send instructions and forms to be completed to claim the prize (the “notification”).  the winner must claim his or her prize within thirty (30) days of the notification date.   the winner must provide eligibility information prior to being awarded the prize. if a winner does not respond to sponsor’s contact attempts for prize awarding, or if a winner otherwise fails to comply with these contest rules, sponsor reserves the right to determine an alternate winner or not to award that winner’s prize, in its sole discretion. all prizes are awarded “as is” and without any warranty of any kind, express or implied (including, without limitation, any implied warranty of merchantability or fitness for a particular purpose), and all such warranties are hereby disclaimed. sponsor is not responsible for an entrant’s change of email address. sponsor is not obligated to telephone winner, leave a voice mail, answering machine or other message. sponsor is not responsible for and not liable for late, misdirected or unsuccessful efforts to notify a qualifier or potential winners or deliver the prize, or if the potential winner does not claim the prize within the appropriate time given upon notification. all decisions of sponsor are final. by participating in the contest, entrant agrees to be bound by these rules; that the decisions of sponsor are final on all matters relating to the contest; that entrant is not entering on behalf of anyone else; and in the event that entrant does not comply with these rules, then entrant will be disqualified. canada residents only:  before being declared eligible to claim a prize, applicable canada law requires that any winner who is a canada resident must first correctly answer a time-limited mathematical skill-testing question to be administered by telephone by sponsor. if such winner fails to correctly answer, unaided, the skill-testing question, then he/she will be disqualified and forfeit his/her opportunity to be a winner.  the sponsor, at its sole and absolute discretion, may select another winner from the remaining eligible entries. 5.      eligibility and limitations. the potential prize winner may in sponsor’s sole discretion be required to sign and return a declaration of eligibility and any other forms necessary to verify eligibility, along with any other information and releases within forty eight (48) hours after the first delivery attempt to entrant’s e-mail address in order to receive the prize, unless otherwise stated herein or at the time of notification. the potential prize winner's failure to follow all instructions and complete and return all required forms within this time period may result in disqualification and an alternate winner may be selected in sponsor’s sole discretion. employees of sponsor and its affiliates, or an edible arrangements® franchisee, their respective immediate family members, and members of their households are not eligible to participate or win. 6.      tampering disclaimer. sponsor, in its sole discretion, reserves the right to disqualify and prohibit any person from participating in the contest if sponsor determines (in its sole discretion) that the person is or is attempting to: (i) tamper with sponsor’s social media page and/or any part of the contest; (ii) undermine the legitimate operation of the contest by cheating, deception, or other unfair playing practices, (iii) annoy, abuse, threaten or harass any one; and/or (iv) otherwise violate these rules. sponsor reserves the right to seek damages and any other available remedies from any such person(s) responsible for any such attempt to the fullest extent permitted by law. each entrant agrees to indemnify, defend, and hold harmless sponsor, facebook, twitter, and any edible arrangements® franchisee (and their respective employees, agents, officers, directors, employees, agents, licensees, associates and affiliates from and against any and all claims, losses, damages and/or liabilities (including reasonable attorneys' fees and expenses) that may be asserted against or incurred by any of them at any time, in connection with the entry and/or by entrant’s or the recipient’s breaches of any representation, warranty or covenants associated with this contest. in the event of termination of the contest by sponsor, sponsor reserves the right to award any prize(s) in a manner deemed fair and equitable by sponsor. in no event will the type and quantity of prizes awarded exceed the number of prizes described in these rules. 7.      publicity; use of personal information. by participating, where allowed by law, entrants grant sponsor permission to use their names, characters, photographs, entries, voices, and likenesses in connection with promotion of this and other contests and waive any claims to royalty, right, or remuneration for such use. by participating in the contest, where allowed by law, entrants agree that sponsor may use such information for marketing purposes, and may include the names of winners in a publicly available winners’ list. 8.      releases and conditions. by participating in the contest or accepting a prize, each entrant and winner waives and unconditionally releases any and all claims of liability against sponsor, each edible arrangements® franchisee, facebook, twitter, and their respective employees, agents, officers, directors, employees, agents, licensees, associates, and affiliates for any injury, loss or damage which may occur from the conduct of, or participation in, the contest, or from the prize receipt and/or use or misuse of any prize, including any travel related thereto. winner agrees to allow sponsor to use winner’s names, voices, photographs, likenesses, biographical material, in any advertising or broadcasting material relating to this contest, without additional financial or other compensation, and where allowed by law, sign a publicity release confirming such consent prior to acceptance of the prize. sponsor is not responsible or liable to any entrant or winner or any person claiming through such entrant or winner for failure to supply the prize or any part thereof, by reason of any acts of god, any action, regulation, order or request by any governmental or quasi-governmental entity (whether or not the action, regulations, order or request proves to be invalid), equipment failure, air raid, blackout, act of public enemy, earthquake, volcanic eruption, war (declared or undeclared), fire, flood, epidemic, explosion, unusually severe weather, hurricane, embargo, labor dispute or strike (whether legal or illegal) labor or material shortage, transportation interruption of any kind, work slow-down, civil disturbance, insurrection, riot, or any other cause beyond the sponsor’s sole control. all taxes (other than the state sales tax associated with the prize, if any), related fees, other costs and expenses related to prize acceptance and use not specified herein as being provided are the sole responsibility of prize winner. sponsor has no further obligation to winner. this promotion is in no way sponsored, endorsed or administered by, or associated with, facebook. entrant affirmatively releases facebook, and twitter from any and all claims related to the promotion. entrant is providing entry information to sponsor and not facebook, or twitter. 9.      miscellaneous. void outside of the united states, the district of columbia, puerto rico, and canada.  void in quebec.  void wherever prohibited or restricted by law. for a copy of these rules, or where required by law, a list of winners, send a letter request by us mail or canada post to sponsor. as a condition of participating in the contest, entrants agree (and agree to confirm in writing): (a) under no circumstances will entrant be permitted to obtain awards for, and entrant hereby waives all rights to claim, punitive, incidental, consequential, or any other damages, other than for actual out-of-pocket expenses; (b) all causes of action arising out of or connected with this contest or any prize awarded shall be resolved individually, without resort to any form of class action; and (c) any and all claims, judgments, and award shall be limited to actual out-of-pocket costs incurred, excluding attorneys’ fees and court costs. participation in the contest constitutes entrant’s full and unconditional agreement to, and acceptance of these rules. winning a prize is contingent upon entrant’s fulfillment of all requirements set forth herein. the conduct of the contest is governed by the laws of the united states of america or canada (as applicable to the resident), which take precedence over any rule to the contrary herein. any questions, comments or complaints regarding the contest must be directed to sponsor. entrant acknowledges and understands that any information provided will be used for administering the contest and as otherwise described in these rules. edible arrangements® and other marks noted are registered trademarks of edible arrangements, llc. ©2016 edible arrangements, llc. all rights reserved. celebrate labor day weekend with a free treat for kids! *for a limited time, get 1 free kids size (12oz) edible to go® item with the purchase of any small (16oz) or large (24oz) edible to go® item at regular price. free item valid for kids 15 and under. edible to go® items include smoothies, froyo fruit blends™, fruit salads and fruit parfaits. not valid on web. offer valid 9/3/16-9/5/2016. smoothies and froyo fruit blends™ only available at select locations – see store for details. this is not applicable on arrangements or chocolate dipped fruit™ boxes. cannot be used on previous orders, cannot be combined with other coupons, coupon codes or promotional offers. valid while supplies last. only one per customer. void where prohibited. edible®, edible to go®, edible arrangements® & design and all other marks noted are trademarks of edible arrangements, llc. © 2016 edible arrangements, llc. all rights reserved. extended! 20% off select products for a limited time, save 20% off any of the select products within www.edible.com/summer-seasonals or www.edible.com/best-selling-fruit-arrangements! use coupon code edbl8296 to redeem. offer expires on 9/5/16 at 11:59pm edt. coupon code expires on 9/6/16 at 3:00am edt. cannot be used on previous orders & already discounted products, cannot be combined with other coupons, coupon codes or promotional offers. no substitutions. not valid on previous purchases. offers valid for a limited time only, and may be terminated without notice. valid at participating locations only, while supplies last. void where prohibited. acceptance and use of code(s) is subject to all applicable laws. void where prohibited. edible arrangements® & design and all other marks noted are trademarks of edible arrangements, llc. © 2015 edible arrangements, llc. all rights reserved. calendar promo: free 12-ct box of chocolate dipped mixed fruit with a purchase of another box! receive a free 12-count box of chocolate dipped mixed fruit with any purchase $29+ per recipient (excluding tax & delivery)! enter code found on the edible 2016 calendar to redeem.  offer expires on 9/30/16 at 11:59pm est. free 12-count box has a $29 value. this box will go with the order you are placing. cannot be combined with any additional coupons, coupon codes, or promotions. not valid on shipment orders. cannot be used on previous orders. no substitutions. not valid on previous purchases. offers valid for a limited time only, and may be terminated without notice. valid at participating locations only, while supplies last. void where prohibited. acceptance and use of code(s) is subject to all applicable laws. void where prohibited. edible®, edible arrangements® & design and all other marks noted are trademarks of edible arrangements, llc. © 2015 edible arrangements, llc. all rights reserved. extended! save 20% off $50+! for a limited time, save 20% off any order of $50+ per recipient (excluding tax and delivery fees)! offer expires on 9/5/16 at 11:59pm edt. enter code sale2994 at checkout to redeem. coupon expires on 9/6/16 at 3:00am edt. cannot be used on previous orders & already discounted products, cannot be combined with other coupons, coupon codes or promotional offers. no substitutions. not valid on previous purchases. offers valid for a limited time only, and may be terminated without notice. excludes fruit salads, smoothies, fruit parfaits, single pieces of dipped fruit, pineapple pops, and 6-count boxes. valid at participating locations only, while supplies last. void where prohibited. acceptance and use of code(s) is subject to all applicable laws. void where prohibited. edible arrangements® & design and all other marks noted are trademarks of edible arrangements, llc. © 2015 edible arrangements, llc. all rights reserved. 20% off select products! for a limited time, save 20% off any of the select products within www.edible.com/summer-seasonals or www.edible.com/best-selling-fruit-arrangements! use coupon code edbl8296 to redeem. offer expires on 9/4/16 at 11:59pm edt. coupon code expires on 9/5/16 at 3:00am edt. cannot be used on previous orders & already discounted products, cannot be combined with other coupons, coupon codes or promotional offers. no substitutions. not valid on previous purchases. offers valid for a limited time only, and may be terminated without notice. valid at participating locations only, while supplies last. void where prohibited. acceptance and use of code(s) is subject to all applicable laws. void where prohibited. edible arrangements® & design and all other marks noted are trademarks of edible arrangements, llc. © 2015 edible arrangements, llc. all rights reserved. save 20% off $50+! for a limited time, save 20% off any order of $50+ per recipient (excluding tax and delivery fees)! offer expires on 9/4/16 at 11:59pm edt. enter code sale2994 at checkout to redeem. coupon expires on 9/5/16 at 3:00am edt. cannot be used on previous orders & already discounted products, cannot be combined with other coupons, coupon codes or promotional offers. no substitutions. not valid on previous purchases. offers valid for a limited time only, and may be terminated without notice. excludes fruit salads, smoothies, fruit parfaits, single pieces of dipped fruit, pineapple pops, and 6-count boxes. valid at participating locations only, while supplies last. void where prohibited. acceptance and use of code(s) is subject to all applicable laws. void where prohibited. edible arrangements® & design and all other marks noted are trademarks of edible arrangements, llc. © 2015 edible arrangements, llc. all rights reserved. free 12-ct box with a purchase of $50+! for a limited time, receive a free 12-count box of chocolate dipped mixed fruit with any purchase $50+ per recipient (excluding tax & delivery)! offer expires on 8/28/16 at 11:59pm est. this free 12-ct box will be offered at checkout. free 12-count box has a $29 value. purchaser will be prompted at checkout to have the option of sending this free product to the recipient, or receiving a voucher via email. this voucher will be sent within 72 hours of completing your order. free 12-count box voucher must be redeemed by 9/30/16 and is redeemable in store only and for pickup only. fruit selection is to the store's discretion and can include any of the following: chocolate dipped banana slices, orange wedges, apple wedges, strawberries or pineapple. cannot be combined with any additional coupons, coupon codes, or promotions. not valid on delivery or shipment orders. cannot be used on previous orders. no substitutions. not valid on previous purchases. offers valid for a limited time only, and may be terminated without notice. valid at participating locations only, while supplies last. void where prohibited. acceptance and use of code(s) is subject to all applicable laws. void where prohibited. edible®, edible arrangements® & design and all other marks noted are trademarks of edible arrangements, llc. © 2015 edible arrangements, llc. all rights reserved. free delivery sitewide! receive free delivery on any order $29+ for a limited time per recipient order (excluding tax & delivery charges)! free delivery offer has a $13.99 value. enter code dlvr1521 at checkout to redeem. offer expires on 8/21/16 at 11:59pm edt. coupon code expires on 8/22/16 at 3:00am edt. no substitutions. not valid on previous purchases, pickup orders or products that are already discounted. valid at participating retail locations only, while supplies last. containers, boxes, balloons, plush toys may vary from shown. acceptance and use of use of code is subject to all applicable laws. void where prohibited. note: orders to be delivered to a zip code not serviced by a retail store will be delivered via ups (“shipping orders”). shipping orders incur an additional shipping charge that may be higher than the retail store delivery charge of $13.99. shipping charges vary depending upon size of order and shipping location. save 20% sitewide! for a limited time, save 20% off any order of $29+ per recipient (excluding tax and delivery fees)! offer expires on 8/21/16 at 11:59pm edt. enter code save8815 at checkout to redeem. coupon expires on 8/22/16 at 3:00am edt. cannot be used on previous orders & already discounted products, cannot be combined with other coupons, coupon codes or promotional offers. no substitutions. not valid on previous purchases. offers valid for a limited time only, and may be terminated without notice. excludes fruit salads, smoothies, fruit parfaits, single pieces of dipped fruit, pineapple pops, and 6-count boxes. valid at participating locations only, while supplies last. void where prohibited. acceptance and use of code(s) is subject to all applicable laws. void where prohibited. edible arrangements® & design and all other marks noted are trademarks of edible arrangements, llc. © 2015 edible arrangements, llc. all rights reserved. save $10 sitewide! for a limited time, save $10 off any order of $29+ per recipient (excluding tax and delivery fees)! offer expires on 8/21/16 at 11:59pm edt. enter code spcl2115 at checkout to redeem. coupon expires on 8/22/16 at 3:00am edt. cannot be used on previous orders & already discounted products, cannot be combined with other coupons, coupon codes or promotional offers. no substitutions. not valid on previous purchases. offers valid for a limited time only, and may be terminated without notice. excludes fruit salads, smoothies, fruit parfaits, single pieces of dipped fruit, pineapple pops, and 6-count boxes. valid at participating locations only, while supplies last. void where prohibited. acceptance and use of code(s) is subject to all applicable laws. void where prohibited. edible arrangements® & design and all other marks noted are trademarks of edible arrangements, llc. © 2015 edible arrangements, llc. all rights reserved. free delivery on select products! receive free delivery ($13.99 value) on the select products located within www.ediblearrangements.com/free-delivery! offer expires on 7/24/16 at 11:59pm edt. enter code free7718 at checkout to redeem. coupon expires on 7/25/16 at 3:00am edt. cannot be used on previous orders & already discounted products, cannot be combined with other coupons, coupon codes or promotional offers. no substitutions. not valid on previous purchases. offers valid for a limited time only, and may be terminated without notice. excludes fruit salads, fruit parfaits, single pieces of dipped fruit, pineapple pops, and 6-count boxes. valid at participating locations only, while supplies last. void where prohibited. acceptance and use of code(s) is subject to all applicable laws. void where prohibited. free delivery offer has a value of $13.99 and will be applied at check out. note: orders to be delivered to a zip code not serviced by a retail store will be delivered via ups (“shipping orders”). shipping orders incur an additional shipping charge that may be higher than the retail store delivery charge of $13.99. shipping charges vary depending upon size of order and shipping location. edible arrangements® & design and all other marks noted are trademarks of edible arrangements, llc. © 2015 edible arrangements, llc. all rights reserved chocolate dipped fruit™ sale! save up to 35% on select chocolate dipped fruit™ boxes (excluding delivery and shipping charges) for a limited time! valid on the products within the promotional category (located at www.ediblearrangements.com/chocolate-dipped-fruit-sale) only. promotion will expire on 7/17/16 at 11:59pm est. no substitutions. price does not include applicable delivery and shipping charges. cannot be used on previous orders, cannot be combined with other coupons, already discounted products, coupon codes or promotional offers. valid at participating locations only, while supplies last. acceptance and use of code(s) is subject to all applicable laws. void where prohibited. edible arrangements® & design and all other marks noted are trademarks of edible arrangements, llc. © 2015 edible arrangements, llc. all rights reserved. rue la la & edible arrangements edible arrangements terms for a limited time, spend $25  on rue la la for edible arrangements and get $40 off your next edible arrangements purchase! valid only on products within www.edible.com/ruelala. $40 voucher will be sent via email within 24 hours after your order has been placed. offer expires on 7/30/16. valid on web orders only. please refer to rue la la terms & conditions for full details at www.ruelala.com/common/terms. cannot be combined with any additional coupons, coupon codes, or promotions. cannot be used on previous orders. no substitutions. not valid on previous purchases. offers valid for a limited time only, and may be terminated without notice. valid at participating locations only, while supplies last. void where prohibited. acceptance and use of code(s) is subject to all applicable laws. void where prohibited. edible®, edible arrangements® & design and all other marks noted are trademarks of edible arrangements, llc. © 2015 edible arrangements, llc. all rights reserved. rue la la terms please note: this is a final-sale item. no cancelations, refunds, or modifications are allowed. validity: voucher must be redeemed by july 30, 2016 for full value of offer. shipping and delivery charges are not included. taxes are not included. limited to two offers per person, one offer per transaction. valid online only. not redeemable for in stores orders. promotion period: june 9 through july 30, 2016. value during promotion period: $40. value after promotion period: $25 (paid value), subject to applicable laws. to receive the full promotional value, you must redeem your voucher during the promotion period. following the promotion period, you may redeem your voucher for any unused amount of the paid value for a period of 5 years from the date of issue (or longer if required by law). how to redeem: within 24 hours you will receive a voucher via email for $40 toward fresh fruit gifts and more at edible arrangements. valid on select products at edible.com/ruelala.visit edible arrangements online upon receiving your voucher to redeem. please note: offer is valid only on products sold at http://www.edible.com/ruelala voucher is valid for one-time use only, unless prohibited by law. merchant is responsible for voucher redemption. to redeem for full value of promotion, voucher must be redeemed by july 30, 2016. commencing july 31, 2016 voucher will be redeemable for your paid $25 value. except as otherwise stated herein, vouchers have no cash value and are not redeemable for any remaining value in cash or credit, unless required by law. not valid for prior purchases, prior balances, or purchases of gift cards. voucher may not be duplicated, sold, or traded unless permitted by merchant or required by law. voucher may not be combined with any other discounts, offers, value-added programs, or special or promotional rates. we're sorry that we cannot be responsible for lost or stolen vouchers. use of voucher is subject to rue la la's terms of use located at http://www.ruelala.com/common/terms. for questions, contact your rue la la concierge at 1-888-992-lala (5252). free delivery on orders $65+! receive free delivery on any order $65+ for a limited time per recipient order (excluding tax & delivery charges)! enter code save6122 at checkout to redeem. free delivery offer has a value. offer expires 6/12/16 at 11:59pm est. coupon code expires 6/13/16 at 3:00am est. no substitutions. not valid on previous purchases, pickup orders or products that are already discounted. valid at participating retail locations only, while supplies last. containers, boxes, balloons, plush toys may vary from shown. acceptance and use of use of code is subject to all applicable laws. void where prohibited. note: orders to be delivered to a zip code not serviced by a retail store will be delivered via ups (“shipping orders”). shipping orders incur an additional shipping charge that may be higher than the retail store delivery charge of $13.99. shipping charges vary depending upon size of order and shipping location. edible to go® specials for a limited time, receive 20% off any edible to go® product in-store! this special is redeemable in store only. not valid on web. this offer can only be used on edible to go®  products (fruit salads, sundaes, kabobs, fruit pops, parfaits, smoothies, single pieces of dipped fruit...). this is not applicable on arrangements or chocolate dipped fruit boxes. cannot be used on previous orders, cannot be combined with other coupons, coupon codes or promotional offers. valid while supplies last. void where prohibited. acceptance and use of code(s) is subject to all applicable laws. void where prohibited. edible, edible to go, edible arrangements® & design and all other marks noted are trademarks of edible arrangements, llc. © 2015 edible arrangements, llc. all rights reserved. birthday arrangement giveaway social media contest rules contest name: birthday arrangement giveaway social media contest sponsor: edible arrangements international, llc (“sponsor”) sponsor address: 95 barnes road, wallingford, ct 06492 telephone: (203) 774-8000 no purchase or payment of any kind is necessary to enter or win. purchase does not increase odds of winning. contest is open only to individuals who are legal residents of the united states, puerto rico, and the district of columbia, and canada (excluding quebec) and who have reached the age of majority in their state/province of residence at the time of entry (entrants). contest is void where prohibited. odds of winning depend upon the number of eligible entries received during the contest period. description of contest/participation. 1.      dates of contest:        there will be twelve (12) individual contest periods during which contest entries will be accepted: entries accepted between 10:00 a.m. (est) on: and 5:00 p.m. (est) on: contest period 1: december 24, 2015 december 31, 2015 contest period 2: january 23, 2016 january 30, 2015 contest period 3: february 22, 2016 february 29, 2016 contest period 4: march 24, 2016 march 31, 2016 contest period 5: april 23, 2016 april 30, 2016 contest period 6: may 24, 2016 may 31, 2016 contest period 7: june 23, 2016 june 30, 2016 contest period 8: july 24, 2016 july 31, 2016 contest period 9: august 24, 2016 august 31, 2016 contest period 10: september 23, 2016 september 30, 2016 contest period 11: october 23, 2016 october 31, 2016 contest period 12: november 23, 2016 november 30, 2016 there will be twelve (12) individual contest dates; (each, a “contest date”). 2.      how to enter:   as of the commencement of each contest period, sponsor will tweet and post on sponsor’s facebook page and instagram account requesting participants to submit information about someone who has a birthday in the following months  and deserves to receive a free birthday arrangement. to enter the contest, you must: ·         have a facebook, twitter or instagram account, ·         “like” and/or “follow” sponsor’s official facebook (www.facebook.com/ediblearrangements),  twitter (@edible) and/or instagram (@ediblearrangements) during the applicable contest period, ·         comment on sponsor’s facebook or instagram post, or reply to sponsor’s twitter post about why someone you know who has a birthday in the following month (except for contest period 1, which will be for january birthdays) deserves to receive a free birthday arrangement. important notes: you will need to create a facebook, twitter or instagram account if you don’t already have one. membership on each platform is free.  registration for facebook can be obtained by logging on to http://facebook.com, and registration for twitter can be obtained by logging on to http://twitter.com  and following the onscreen instructions to open an account; and registration for an instagram account can be obtained via mobile device only by downloading the official “instagram” mobile application and following the onscreen instructions to open an account. if your facebook, twitter or instagram account is set to “protected mode,” your updates/responses may not be visible in sponsor’s inbox and therefore may not be received by sponsor unless you previously consented to permit sponsor to see your updates. valid contest entries must contain all information requested, not contain any prohibited or unauthorized material, and be received by sponsor by 5:00 p.m. est of the applicable contest date. entrant represents warrants and covenants that the entrant’s use of photographs, names, addresses, relationships, or circumstances and all other information is used with full permission, is true, and does not violate any copyrighted material or third party trademarks or intellectual property. no obscene, offensive, illegal, unlawful, defamatory, derogatory, discriminatory, inflammatory, insulting, or otherwise inappropriate entry, in sponsor’s sole discretion, is eligible for entry and will not be considered; including, but not limited to, crude, vulgar or offensive language and/or symbols; derogatory characterizations of any ethnic, racial, sexual, religious or other groups; content that endorses, condones and/or discusses any illegal, inappropriate or risky behavior or conduct (including but not limited to the use of alcohol or drugs); personal information of individuals, including, without limitation, names, telephone numbers and addresses (physical or electronic). there is a limit of one (1) entry per person.  duplicate entries and/or incomplete entries will be disqualified. anyone found to be using multiple facebook, twitter or instagram accounts to enter will be ineligible to participate in the contest.  use of any device to automate entry is prohibited. entrants are subject to terms of service and rules of facebook, twitter and instagram, found at their respective web sites. all entries become the property of sponsor and will not be acknowledged or returned. sponsor is not responsible for entries not received due to difficulty accessing the internet, service outage or delays, computer difficulties and other technological problems. sponsor is not responsible for lost, late, illegible, misdirected, or incomplete entries. in the event of a dispute over who submitted a winning online entry, the authorized subscriber of the facebook/twitter/instagram account used to participate in the contest at the actual time of entry will be deemed to be the entrant. the authorized account subscriber is defined as the natural person who is assigned a facebook/twitter/instagram account by facebook/twitter/instagram. 3.      prize(s). one (1) winner for a confetti fruit cupcake™ dipped strawberries bouquet, size large (“prize”), will be awarded for each of the twelve (12) contest dates.  each confetti fruit cupcake™ dipped strawberries bouquet prize will have a retail value of up to us $95.37/ca $111.86 (values include item cost, shipping, plus delivery and applicable sales taxes). each prize is awarded if properly claimed according to these rules and if there are sufficient eligible entries. all other costs and expenses related to prize acceptance and use not specified herein as being provided are the sole responsibility of winner(s). if the winner is disqualified or ineligible, sponsor may at its discretion determine an alternate winner or decline to award the prize. the valuation of the prizes stated above is based on information available to sponsor at the beginning of the contest period. the value of any prize awarded to a winner may be reported for tax purposes as required by law. each winner is solely responsible for reporting and paying any and all applicable taxes and expenses related to the prize which is not specifically provided for in these rules. prizes are not transferable, redeemable for cash or exchangeable for another prize, coupon or voucher except in sponsor’s sole discretion. sponsor reserves the right to substitute a prize, in whole or in part, with another prize of equal or greater value or alternatively, may substitute such prize with a comparable prize at the sponsor’s discretion (including without limitation shipment of a gift box of chocolate dipped fruit), if for any reason a prize should become unavailable, cannot be picked up by the winner, or if the recipient is not within a delivery range of sponsor’s franchises. 4.      winner selection: sponsor will randomly select a winning entry from all eligible entries received within the contest date(s). all winners will be notified via a personal post from sponsor on the social media platform used by the winner to submit the entry (the “notification”), which notification will contain instructions to email sponsor to claim the prize(s).  notification is deemed to have occurred immediately upon sending of the communication by sponsor. the winner must respond with his or her email address within one (1) week of the date of the notification, and sponsor will then send the winner instructions and forms to be completed to claim the prize.  the winner must have his or her prize delivered or picked up within thirty (30) days of the notification date.  if the winner is not available to accept delivery or pick up his or her prize by the specified date, such winner may be disqualified and sponsor reserves the right to choose an alternative prize winner.  the winner must provide eligibility information prior to being awarded the prize. if a winner does not respond to sponsor’s contact attempts for prize awarding, or if a winner otherwise fails to comply with these contest rules, sponsor reserves the right to determine an alternate winner or not to award that winner’s prize, in its sole discretion. all prizes are awarded “as is” and without any warranty of any kind, express or implied (including, without limitation, any implied warranty of merchantability or fitness for a particular purpose), and all such warranties are hereby disclaimed. sponsor is not responsible for an entrant’s change of email address. sponsor is not obligated to telephone winner, leave a voice mail, answering machine or other message. sponsor is not responsible for and not liable for late, misdirected or unsuccessful efforts to notify a qualifier or potential winners or deliver the prize, or if the potential winner does not claim the prize within the appropriate time given upon notification. all decisions of sponsor are final. by participating in the contest, entrant agrees to be bound by these rules; that the decisions of sponsor are final on all matters relating to the contest; that entrant is not entering on behalf of anyone else; and in the event that entrant does not comply with these rules, then entrant will be disqualified. canada residents only:  before being declared eligible to claim a prize, applicable canada law requires that any winner who is a canada resident must first correctly answer a time-limited mathematical skill-testing question to be administered by telephone by sponsor. if such winner fails to correctly answer, unaided, the skill-testing question, then he/she will be disqualified and forfeit his/her opportunity to be a winner.  the sponsor, at its sole and absolute discretion, may select another winner from the remaining eligible entries. 5.      eligibility and limitations. the potential prize winner may in sponsor’s sole discretion be required to sign and return a declaration of eligibility and any other forms necessary to verify eligibility, along with any other information and releases within forty eight (48) hours after the first delivery attempt to entrant’s e-mail address in order to receive the prize, unless otherwise stated herein or at the time of notification. the potential prize winner's failure to follow all instructions and complete and return all required forms within this time period may result in disqualification and an alternate winner may be selected in sponsor’s sole discretion. employees of sponsor and its affiliates, or an edible arrangements® franchisee, their respective immediate family members, and members of their households are not eligible to participate or win. 6.      tampering and delivery disclaimer. sponsor, in its sole discretion, reserves the right to disqualify and prohibit any person from participating in the contest if sponsor determines (in its sole discretion) that the person is or is attempting to: (i) tamper with sponsor’s social media page and/or any part of the contest; (ii) undermine the legitimate operation of the contest by cheating, deception, or other unfair playing practices, (iii) annoy, abuse, threaten or harass any one; and/or (iv) otherwise violate these rules. sponsor reserves the right to seek damages and any other available remedies from any such person(s) responsible for any such attempt to the fullest extent permitted by law. each entrant agrees to indemnify, defend, and hold harmless sponsor, facebook, twitter, instagram, any edible arrangements® franchisee (and their respective employees, agents, officers, directors, employees, agents, licensees, associates and affiliates from and against any and all claims, losses, damages and/or liabilities (including reasonable attorneys' fees and expenses) that may be asserted against or incurred by any of them at any time, in connection with the entry and/or by entrant’s or the recipient’s breaches of any representation, warranty or covenants associated with this contest. in the event of termination of the contest by sponsor, sponsor reserves the right to award any prize(s) in a manner deemed fair and equitable by sponsor. in no event will the type and quantity of prizes awarded exceed the number of prizes described in these rules. 7.      publicity; use of personal information. by participating, where allowed by law, entrants grant sponsor permission to use their names, characters, photographs, entries, voices, and likenesses in connection with promotion of this and other contests and waive any claims to royalty, right, or remuneration for such use. by participating in the contest, where allowed by law, entrants agree that sponsor may use such information for marketing purposes, and may include the names of winners in a publicly available winners’ list. 8.      releases and conditions. by participating in the contest or accepting a prize, each entrant and winner waives and unconditionally releases any and all claims of liability against sponsor, each edible arrangements® franchisee, facebook, twitter, instagram, and their respective employees, agents, officers, directors, employees, agents, licensees, associates, and affiliates for any injury, loss or damage which may occur from the conduct of, or participation in, the contest, or from the prize receipt and/or use or misuse of any prize, including any travel related thereto. winner agrees to allow sponsor to use winner’s names, voices, photographs, likenesses, biographical material, in any advertising or broadcasting material relating to this contest, without additional financial or other compensation, and where allowed by law, sign a publicity release confirming such consent prior to acceptance of the prize. sponsor is not responsible or liable to any entrant or winner or any person claiming through such entrant or winner for failure to supply the prize or any part thereof, by reason of any acts of god, any action, regulation, order or request by any governmental or quasi-governmental entity (whether or not the action, regulations, order or request proves to be invalid), equipment failure, air raid, blackout, act of public enemy, earthquake, volcanic eruption, war (declared or undeclared), fire, flood, epidemic, explosion, unusually severe weather, hurricane, embargo, labor dispute or strike (whether legal or illegal) labor or material shortage, transportation interruption of any kind, work slow-down, civil disturbance, insurrection, riot, or any other cause beyond the sponsor’s sole control. all taxes (other than the state sales tax associated with the prize, if any), related fees, other costs and expenses related to prize acceptance and use not specified herein as being provided are the sole responsibility of prize winner. sponsor has no further obligation to winner. this promotion is in no way sponsored, endorsed or administered by, or associated with, facebook. entrant affirmatively releases facebook, twitter and instagram from any and all claims related to the promotion. entrant is providing entry information to sponsor and not facebook, twitter or instagram. 9.      miscellaneous. void outside of the united states, the district of columbia, puerto rico, and canada.  void in quebec.  void wherever prohibited or restricted by law. for a copy of these rules, or where required by law, a list of winners, send a letter request by us mail or canada post to sponsor. as a condition of participating in the contest, entrants agree (and agree to confirm in writing): (a) under no circumstances will entrant be permitted to obtain awards for, and entrant hereby waives all rights to claim, punitive, incidental, consequential, or any other damages, other than for actual out-of-pocket expenses; (b) all causes of action arising out of or connected with this contest or any prize awarded shall be resolved individually, without resort to any form of class action; and (c) any and all claims, judgments, and award shall be limited to actual out-of-pocket costs incurred, excluding attorneys’ fees and court costs. participation in the contest constitutes entrant’s full and unconditional agreement to, and acceptance of these rules. winning a prize is contingent upon entrant’s fulfillment of all requirements set forth herein. the conduct of the contest is governed by the laws of the united states of america or canada (as applicable to the resident), which take precedence over any rule to the contrary herein. any questions, comments or complaints regarding the contest must be directed to sponsor. entrant acknowledges and understands that any information provided will be used for administering the contest and as otherwise described in these rules. edible arrangements® and other marks noted are registered trademarks of edible arrangements, llc. ©2015 edible arrangements, llc. all rights reserved. surprise weekend giveaway contest rules contest name: surprise weekend giveaway (“contest”) sponsor: edible arrangements international, llc (“sponsor”) sponsor address: 95 barnes road, wallingford, ct 06492 telephone: (203) 774-8000 no purchase or payment of any kind is necessary to enter or win. purchase does not increase odds of winning. contest is open only to individuals who are legal residents of the united states, puerto rico and the district of columbia (excludes canada), and who have reached the age of majority in their state of residence at the time of entry (entrants). contest is void where prohibited. odds of winning depend upon the number of eligible entries received during the applicable contest period. description of contest/participation. 1.      dates of contest:        there will be twelve (12) individual contest dates during which contest entries will be accepted: entries will be accepted on saturdays between 8:00 a.m. est and sundays at 11:59 p.m. est on the following dates: contest period 1: january 9-10, 2016 contest period 2: february 6-7, 2016 contest period 3: march 12-13, 2016 contest period 4: april 9-10, 2016 contest period 5: may 6-7, 2016 contest period 6: june 11-12, 2016 contest period 7: july 9-10, 2016 contest period 8: august 13-14, 2016 contest period 9: september 3-4, 2016 contest period 10: october 8-9, 2016 contest period 11: november 11-12, 2016 contest period 12: december 3-4, 2016 there will be twelve (12) individual contest dates as set forth above (each, a “contest period”). 2.      description of contest: post a comment on the edible arrangements® facebook page answering the question “what are you doing this weekend?” to be entered into a random drawing to win a delicious daisy® fruit arrangement, size small. 3.      how to enter:   at 8:00 a.m. est on the opening date of each contest period identified in section 1 above, sponsor will post on sponsor’s facebook page a request for participants to submit the answer to the following question: “what are you doing this weekend?” to enter the contest, you must: ·         have a facebook account, ·         “like” and/or “follow” sponsor’s official facebook (www.facebook.com/ediblearrangements) during the contest period, ·         within the contest period, entrant must post an eligible comment on sponsor’s facebook page with an answer to the question “what are you doing this weekend?” important notes: you will need to create a facebook account if you don’t already have one. membership is free.  registration for facebook can be obtained by logging on to http://facebook.com. if your facebook account is set to “protected mode,” your updates/responses may not be visible in sponsor’s inbox and therefore may not be received by sponsor unless you previously consented to permit sponsor to see your updates. valid contest entries must contain all information requested, not contain any prohibited or unauthorized material, and be received by sponsor by 11:59 p.m. est on the closing date of the then applicable contest period. entrant represents warrants and covenants that the entrant’s use of photographs, names, addresses, relationships, or circumstances and all other information is used with full permission, is true, and does not violate any copyrighted material or third party trademarks or intellectual property. no obscene, offensive, illegal, unlawful, defamatory, derogatory, discriminatory, inflammatory, insulting, or otherwise inappropriate entry, in sponsor’s sole discretion, is eligible for entry and will not be considered; including, but not limited to, crude, vulgar or offensive language and/or symbols; derogatory characterizations of any ethnic, racial, sexual, religious or other groups; content that endorses, condones and/or discusses any illegal, inappropriate or risky behavior or conduct (including but not limited to the use of alcohol or drugs); personal information of individuals, including, without limitation, names, telephone numbers and addresses (physical or electronic). there is a limit of one (1) entry per person, per contest period.  duplicate entries and/or incomplete entries will be disqualified. anyone found to be using multiple facebook accounts to enter will be ineligible to participate in the contest.  use of any device to automate entry is prohibited. entrants are subject to terms of service and rules of facebook, found at on its web site. all entries become the property of sponsor and will not be acknowledged or returned. sponsor is not responsible for entries not received due to difficulty accessing the internet, service outage or delays, computer difficulties and other technological problems. sponsor is not responsible for lost, late, illegible, misdirected, or incomplete entries. in the event of a dispute over who submitted a winning online entry, the authorized subscriber of the facebook account used to participate in the contest at the actual time of entry will be deemed to be the entrant. the authorized account subscriber is defined as the natural person who is assigned a facebook account by facebook. 4.      prize(s). one (1) winner for a delicious daisy® fruit arrangement, size small (“prize”), will be awarded for each of the twelve (12) contest periods.  each delicious daisy® will have a retail value of up to us $48.99 (values include item cost, plus delivery and excludes any applicable sales taxes). each prize is awarded if properly claimed according to these rules and if there are sufficient eligible entries. all other costs and expenses related to prize acceptance and use not specified herein as being provided are the sole responsibility of winner(s). if the winner is disqualified or ineligible, sponsor may at its discretion determine an alternate winner or decline to award the prize. the valuation of the prize(s) stated above is based on information available to sponsor as of the date of these rules were written. the value of any prize awarded to a winner may be reported for tax purposes as required by law. each winner is solely responsible for reporting and paying any and all applicable taxes (except sales tax, which will be paid by the sponsor) and expenses related to the prize which is not specifically provided for in these rules. prizes are not transferable, redeemable for cash or exchangeable for another prize, coupon or voucher except in sponsor’s sole discretion. sponsor reserves the right to substitute a prize, in whole or in part, with another prize of equal or greater value or alternatively, may substitute such prize with a comparable prize at the sponsor’s sole discretion (including without limitation shipment of a gift box of chocolate dipped fruit), if for any reason a prize should become unavailable, cannot be picked up by the winner, or cannot be delivered by one of sponsor’s franchises. 5.      winner selection: sponsor will randomly select a winning entry from all eligible entries received within the contest period(s). all winners will be notified via a personal post from sponsor on the social media platform used by the winner to submit the entry (the “notification”), which notification will contain instructions to email sponsor to claim the prize(s).  notification is deemed to have occurred immediately upon sending of the communication by sponsor. the winner must respond with his or her email address within forty-eight (48) hours of the date of the notification, and sponsor will then send the winner instructions and forms to be completed to claim the prize.  the winner must have his or her prize delivered or picked up within thirty (30) days of the notification date.  if the winner is not available to accept delivery or pick up his or her prize by the specified date, such winner may be disqualified and sponsor reserves the right to choose an alternative prize winner.  the winner must provide eligibility information prior to being awarded the prize. if a winner does not respond to sponsor’s contact attempts for prize awarding, or if a winner otherwise fails to comply with these contest rules, sponsor reserves the right to determine an alternate winner or not to award that winner’s prize, in its sole discretion. all prizes are awarded “as is” and without any warranty of any kind, express or implied (including, without limitation, any implied warranty of merchantability or fitness for a particular purpose), and all such warranties are hereby disclaimed. sponsor is not responsible for an entrant’s change of email address. sponsor is not obligated to telephone winner, leave a voice mail, answering machine or other message. sponsor is not responsible for and not liable for late, misdirected or unsuccessful efforts to notify a qualifier or potential winner or deliver the prize, or if the potential winner does not claim the prize within the appropriate time given upon notification. all decisions of sponsor are final. by participating in the contest, entrant agrees to be bound by these rules; that the decisions of sponsor are final on all matters relating to the contest; that entrant is not entering on behalf of anyone else; and in the event that entrant does not comply with these rules, then entrant will be disqualified. 6.      eligibility and limitations. the potential prize winner may in sponsor’s sole discretion be required to sign and return a declaration of eligibility and any other forms necessary to verify eligibility, along with any other information and releases within forty eight (48) hours after the first delivery attempt to entrant’s e-mail address in order to receive the prize, unless otherwise stated herein or at the time of notification. the potential prize winner's failure to follow all instructions and complete and return all required forms within this time period may result in disqualification and an alternate winner may be selected in sponsor’s sole discretion. employees of sponsor and its affiliates, or of an edible arrangements® franchisee, their respective immediate family members, and members of their households are not eligible to participate or win. “immediate family” is defined as parents, siblings, children or spouse.  a winner may be disqualified if the prize cannot be delivered by one of sponsor’s participating edible arrangements® franchise locations. 7.      tampering and delivery disclaimer. sponsor, in its sole discretion, reserves the right to disqualify and prohibit any person from participating in the contest if sponsor determines (in its sole discretion) that the person is or is attempting to: (i) tamper with sponsor’s social media page and/or any part of the contest; (ii) undermine the legitimate operation of the contest by cheating, deception, or other unfair playing practices, (iii) annoy, abuse, threaten or harass any one; and/or (iv) otherwise violate these rules. sponsor reserves the right to seek damages and any other available remedies from any such person(s) responsible for any such attempt to the fullest extent permitted by law. each entrant agrees to indemnify, defend, and hold harmless sponsor, facebook, and any edible arrangements® franchisee (and their respective employees, agents, officers, directors, employees, agents, licensees, associates and affiliates from and against any and all claims, losses, damages and/or liabilities (including reasonable attorneys' fees and expenses) that may be asserted against or incurred by any of them at any time, in connection with the entry and/or by entrant’s or the recipient’s breaches of any representation, warranty or covenants associated with this contest. in the event of termination of the contest by sponsor, sponsor reserves the right to award any prize(s) in a manner deemed fair and equitable by sponsor. in no event will the type and quantity of prizes awarded exceed the number of prizes described in these rules. 8.      publicity; use of personal information. by participating, where allowed by law, entrants grant sponsor permission to use their names, characters, photographs, entries, voices, and likenesses in connection with promotion of this and other contests and waive any claims to royalty, right, or remuneration for such use. by participating in the contest, where allowed by law, entrants agree that sponsor may use such information for marketing purposes in any media now known or developed in the future, and may include the names of winners in a publicly available winners’ list. 9.      releases and conditions. by participating in the contest or accepting a prize, each entrant and winner waives and unconditionally releases any and all claims of liability against sponsor, each edible arrangements® franchisee, facebook,  and their respective employees, agents, officers, directors, employees, agents, licensees, associates, and affiliates for any injury, loss or damage which may occur from the conduct of, or participation in, the contest, or from the prize receipt and/or use or misuse of any prize, including any travel related thereto. winner agrees to sign a publicity release prior to acceptance of the prize. sponsor is not responsible or liable to any entrant or winner or any person claiming through such entrant or winner for failure to supply the prize or any part thereof, by reason of any acts of god, any action, regulation, order or request by any governmental or quasi-governmental entity (whether or not the action, regulations, order or request proves to be invalid), equipment failure, air raid, blackout, act of public enemy, earthquake, volcanic eruption, war (declared or undeclared), fire, flood, epidemic, explosion, unusually severe weather, hurricane, embargo, labor dispute or strike (whether legal or illegal) labor or material shortage, transportation interruption of any kind, work slow-down, civil disturbance, insurrection, riot, or any other cause beyond the sponsor’s sole control. all taxes (other than the state sales tax associated with the prize, if any), related fees, other costs and expenses related to prize acceptance and use not specified herein as being provided are the sole responsibility of prize winner. sponsor has no further obligation to winner. this promotion is in no way sponsored, endorsed or administered by, or associated with, facebook. entrant affirmatively releases facebook, from any and all claims related to the promotion. entrant is providing entry information to sponsor and not facebook. miscellaneous. void outside of the united states, the district of columbia, and puerto rico.  void in canada.  void wherever prohibited or restricted by law. for a copy of these rules, or where required by law, a list of winners, send a letter request by us mail to sponsor. as a condition of participating in the contest, entrants agree (and agree to confirm in writing): (a) under no circumstances will entrant be permitted to obtain awards for, and entrant hereby waives all rights to claim, punitive, incidental, consequential, or any other damages, other than for actual out-of-pocket expenses; (b) all causes of action arising out of or connected with this contest or any prize awarded shall be resolved individually, without resort to any form of class action; and (c) any and all claims, judgments, and award shall be limited to actual out-of-pocket costs incurred, excluding attorneys’ fees and court costs. participation in the contest constitutes entrant’s full and unconditional agreement to, and acceptance of these rules. winning a prize is contingent upon entrant’s fulfillment of all requirements set forth herein. the conduct of the contest is governed by the laws of the united states of america (as applicable to the resident), which take precedence over any rule to the contrary herein. any questions, comments or complaints regarding the contest must be directed to sponsor. entrant acknowledges and understands that any information provided will be used for administering the contest and as otherwise described in these rules. edible®, edible arrangements® and other marks noted are registered trademarks of edible arrangements, llc. ©2015 edible arrangements, llc. all rights reserved. trivia thursday giveaway contest rules contest name: trivia thursday giveaway contest sponsor: edible arrangements international, llc (“sponsor”) sponsor address: 95 barnes road, wallingford, ct 06492 telephone: (203) 774-8000 no purchase or payment of any kind is necessary to enter or win. purchase does not increase odds of winning. contest is open only to individuals who are legal residents of the united states, puerto rico, and the district of columbia, and canada (excluding quebec) and who have reached the age of majority in their state/province of residence at the time of entry (entrants). contest is void where prohibited. odds of winning depend upon the number of eligible entries received during the contest period. description of contest/participation. 1.      dates of contest:        there will be fifty-two (52) individual contest dates occurring each thursdays during 2016 (each, a “contest date”) – the first contest date will be thursday, january 7, 2016, and the final contest date will be thursday, december 29, 2016. 2.      how to enter:   as of the commencement of each contest date, sponsor will tweet and post on sponsor’s facebook page and instagram account asking participants a trivia question about fruit. to enter the contest, you must: ·         have a facebook, twitter or instagram account, ·         “like” and/or “follow” sponsor’s official facebook (www.facebook.com/ediblearrangements),  twitter (@edible) and/or instagram (@ediblearrangements) on the applicable contest date, ·         correctly answer the trivia question about fruit for the applicable contest date. important notes: you will need to create a facebook, twitter or instagram account if you don’t already have one. membership on each platform is free.  registration for facebook can be obtained by logging on to http://facebook.com, and registration for twitter can be obtained by logging on to http://twitter.com  and following the onscreen instructions to open an account; and registration for an instagram account can be obtained via mobile device only by downloading the official “instagram” mobile application and following the onscreen instructions to open an account. if your facebook, twitter or instagram account is set to “protected mode,” your updates/responses may not be visible in sponsor’s inbox and therefore may not be received by sponsor unless you previously consented to permit sponsor to see your updates. valid contest entries must contain all information requested, not contain any prohibited or unauthorized material, and be received by sponsor by 5:00 p.m. edt of the applicable contest date. entrant represents warrants and covenants that the entrant’s use of photographs, names, addresses, relationships, or circumstances and all other information is used with full permission, is true, and does not violate any copyrighted material or third party trademarks or intellectual property. no obscene, offensive, illegal, unlawful, defamatory, derogatory, discriminatory, inflammatory, insulting, or otherwise inappropriate entry, in sponsor’s sole discretion, is eligible for entry and will not be considered; including, but not limited to, crude, vulgar or offensive language and/or symbols; derogatory characterizations of any ethnic, racial, sexual, religious or other groups; content that endorses, condones and/or discusses any illegal, inappropriate or risky behavior or conduct (including but not limited to the use of alcohol or drugs); personal information of individuals, including, without limitation, names, telephone numbers and addresses (physical or electronic). there is a limit of one (1) entry per person.  duplicate entries and/or incomplete entries will be disqualified. anyone found to be using multiple facebook, twitter or instagram accounts to enter will be ineligible to participate in the contest.  use of any device to automate entry is prohibited. entrants are subject to terms of service and rules of facebook, twitter and instagram, found at their respective web sites. all entries become the property of sponsor and will not be acknowledged or returned. sponsor is not responsible for entries not received due to difficulty accessing the internet, service outage or delays, computer difficulties and other technological problems. sponsor is not responsible for lost, late, illegible, misdirected, or incomplete entries. in the event of a dispute over who submitted a winning online entry, the authorized subscriber of the facebook/twitter/instagram account used to participate in the contest at the actual time of entry will be deemed to be the entrant. the authorized account subscriber is defined as the natural person who is assigned a facebook/twitter/instagram account by facebook/twitter/instagram. 3.      prize(s). one (1) winner for a simply dipped mixed fruit box, 6 count (“prize”), will be awarded for each of the fifty-two (52) contest dates.  each simply dipped mixed fruit box, 6 count prize will have a retail value of up to us $15.00/ca $17.00 (values include item cost and applicable sales taxes). each prize is awarded if properly claimed according to these rules and if there are sufficient eligible entries. all other costs and expenses related to prize acceptance and use not specified herein as being provided are the sole responsibility of winner(s). if the winner is disqualified or ineligible, sponsor may at its discretion determine an alternate winner or decline to award the prize. the valuation of the prizes stated above is based on information available to sponsor at the beginning of the contest period. the value of any prize awarded to a winner may be reported for tax purposes as required by law. each winner is solely responsible for reporting and paying any and all applicable taxes and expenses related to the prize which is not specifically provided for in these rules. prizes are not transferable, redeemable for cash or exchangeable for another prize, coupon or voucher except in sponsor’s sole discretion. sponsor reserves the right to substitute a prize, in whole or in part, with another prize of equal or greater value or alternatively, may substitute such prize with a comparable prize at the sponsor’s discretion, if for any reason a prize should become unavailable or cannot be picked up by the winner. 4.      winner selection: sponsor will randomly select a winning entry from all eligible entries containing the correct response to the fruit trivia question received on the applicable contest date. all winners will be notified via a personal post from sponsor on the social media platform used by the winner to submit the entry (the “notification”), which notification will contain instructions to email sponsor to claim the prize(s).  notification is deemed to have occurred immediately upon sending of the communication by sponsor. the winner must respond with his or her email address within one (1) week of the date of the notification, and sponsor will then send the winner instructions and forms to be completed to claim the prize.  the winner must pick up his or her prize within thirty (30) days of the notification date.  the prize will not be delivered or shipped.  if the winner is not available to pick up his or her prize by the specified date, such winner may be disqualified and sponsor reserves the right to choose an alternative prize winner.  the winner must provide eligibility information prior to being awarded the prize. if a winner does not respond to sponsor’s contact attempts for prize awarding, or if a winner otherwise fails to comply with these contest rules, sponsor reserves the right to determine an alternate winner or not to award that winner’s prize, in its sole discretion. all prizes are awarded “as is” and without any warranty of any kind, express or implied (including, without limitation, any implied warranty of merchantability or fitness for a particular purpose), and all such warranties are hereby disclaimed. sponsor is not responsible for an entrant’s change of email address. sponsor is not obligated to telephone winner, leave a voice mail, answering machine or other message. sponsor is not responsible for and not liable for late, misdirected or unsuccessful efforts to notify a qualifier or potential winners or deliver the prize, or if the potential winner does not claim the prize within the appropriate time given upon notification. all decisions of sponsor are final. by participating in the contest, entrant agrees to be bound by these rules; that the decisions of sponsor are final on all matters relating to the contest; that entrant is not entering on behalf of anyone else; and in the event that entrant does not comply with these rules, then entrant will be disqualified. canada residents only:  before being declared eligible to claim a prize, applicable canada law requires that any winner who is a canada resident must first correctly answer a time-limited mathematical skill-testing question to be administered by telephone by sponsor. if such winner fails to correctly answer, unaided, the skill-testing question, then he/she will be disqualified and forfeit his/her opportunity to be a winner.  the sponsor, at its sole and absolute discretion, may select another winner from the remaining eligible entries. 5.      eligibility and limitations. the potential prize winner may in sponsor’s sole discretion be required to sign and return a declaration of eligibility and any other forms necessary to verify eligibility, along with any other information and releases within forty eight (48) hours after the first delivery attempt to entrant’s e-mail address in order to receive the prize, unless otherwise stated herein or at the time of notification. the potential prize winner's failure to follow all instructions and complete and return all required forms within this time period may result in disqualification and an alternate winner may be selected in sponsor’s sole discretion. employees of sponsor and its affiliates, or an edible arrangements® franchisee, their respective immediate family members, and members of their households are not eligible to participate or win. 6.      tampering disclaimer. sponsor, in its sole discretion, reserves the right to disqualify and prohibit any person from participating in the contest if sponsor determines (in its sole discretion) that the person is or is attempting to: (i) tamper with sponsor’s social media page and/or any part of the contest; (ii) undermine the legitimate operation of the contest by cheating, deception, or other unfair playing practices, (iii) annoy, abuse, threaten or harass any one; and/or (iv) otherwise violate these rules. sponsor reserves the right to seek damages and any other available remedies from any such person(s) responsible for any such attempt to the fullest extent permitted by law. each entrant agrees to indemnify, defend, and hold harmless sponsor, facebook, twitter, instagram, any edible arrangements® franchisee (and their respective employees, agents, officers, directors, employees, agents, licensees, associates and affiliates from and against any and all claims, losses, damages and/or liabilities (including reasonable attorneys' fees and expenses) that may be asserted against or incurred by any of them at any time, in connection with the entry and/or by entrant’s or the recipient’s breaches of any representation, warranty or covenants associated with this contest. in the event of termination of the contest by sponsor, sponsor reserves the right to award any prize(s) in a manner deemed fair and equitable by sponsor. in no event will the type and quantity of prizes awarded exceed the number of prizes described in these rules. 7.      publicity; use of personal information. by participating, where allowed by law, entrants grant sponsor permission to use their names, characters, photographs, entries, voices, and likenesses in connection with promotion of this and other contests and waive any claims to royalty, right, or remuneration for such use. by participating in the contest, where allowed by law, entrants agree that sponsor may use such information for marketing purposes, and may include the names of winners in a publicly available winners’ list. 8.      releases and conditions. by participating in the contest or accepting a prize, each entrant and winner waives and unconditionally releases any and all claims of liability against sponsor, each edible arrangements® franchisee, facebook, twitter, instagram, and their respective employees, agents, officers, directors, employees, agents, licensees, associates, and affiliates for any injury, loss or damage which may occur from the conduct of, or participation in, the contest, or from the prize receipt and/or use or misuse of any prize, including any travel related thereto. winner agrees to allow sponsor to use winner’s names, voices, photographs, likenesses, biographical material, in any advertising or broadcasting material relating to this contest, without additional financial or other compensation, and where allowed by law, sign a publicity release confirming such consent prior to acceptance of the prize. sponsor is not responsible or liable to any entrant or winner or any person claiming through such entrant or winner for failure to supply the prize or any part thereof, by reason of any acts of god, any action, regulation, order or request by any governmental or quasi-governmental entity (whether or not the action, regulations, order or request proves to be invalid), equipment failure, air raid, blackout, act of public enemy, earthquake, volcanic eruption, war (declared or undeclared), fire, flood, epidemic, explosion, unusually severe weather, hurricane, embargo, labor dispute or strike (whether legal or illegal) labor or material shortage, transportation interruption of any kind, work slow-down, civil disturbance, insurrection, riot, or any other cause beyond the sponsor’s sole control. all taxes (other than the state sales tax associated with the prize, if any), related fees, other costs and expenses related to prize acceptance and use not specified herein as being provided are the sole responsibility of prize winner. sponsor has no further obligation to winner. this promotion is in no way sponsored, endorsed or administered by, or associated with, facebook. entrant affirmatively releases facebook, twitter and instagram from any and all claims related to the promotion. entrant is providing entry information to sponsor and not facebook, twitter or instagram. 9.      miscellaneous. void outside of the united states, the district of columbia, puerto rico, and canada.  void in quebec.  void wherever prohibited or restricted by law. for a copy of these rules, or where required by law, a list of winners, send a letter request by us mail or canada post to sponsor. as a condition of participating in the contest, entrants agree (and agree to confirm in writing): (a) under no circumstances will entrant be permitted to obtain awards for, and entrant hereby waives all rights to claim, punitive, incidental, consequential, or any other damages, other than for actual out-of-pocket expenses; (b) all causes of action arising out of or connected with this contest or any prize awarded shall be resolved individually, without resort to any form of class action; and (c) any and all claims, judgments, and award shall be limited to actual out-of-pocket costs incurred, excluding attorneys’ fees and court costs. participation in the contest constitutes entrant’s full and unconditional agreement to, and acceptance of these rules. winning a prize is contingent upon entrant’s fulfillment of all requirements set forth herein. the conduct of the contest is governed by the laws of the united states of america or canada (as applicable to the resident), which take precedence over any rule to the contrary herein. any questions, comments or complaints regarding the contest must be directed to sponsor. entrant acknowledges and understands that any information provided will be used for administering the contest and as otherwise described in these rules. edible arrangements® and other marks noted are registered trademarks of edible arrangements, llc. ©2015 edible arrangements, llc. all rights reserved. edible arrangements 7 minute pickup™ programterms and conditions the 7 minute pickup™ program (“program”) will be offered to guests purchasing in store and through our websites at www.edible.com and www.edible.ca (“ea websites”). the program is generally available during normal business hours with the following exceptions and restrictions. available days and hours: the 7 minute pickup™ program will generally be available for same day pickup orders submitted through the ea websites (www.edible.com and www.edible.ca) and by calling our toll free number 1- (877)-dofruit (363-7848) during the applicable local store business hours. *excluded times and restricted hours: the 7 minute pickup™ program will be restricted to participating retail locations. local store hours may vary, and holiday blackouts apply. contact edible arrangements at 1-(877)-dofruit (363-7848) for a list of participating stores and hours, holiday blackout dates, and additional details; or call your local store for its participating hours. how to place a 7 minute pickup™ order on the website: the program will be offered for same day pickup orders placed through the ea websites only if the 7 minute pickup™ logo is shown after you have uploaded the zip code and requested pick up date. if the 7 minute pickup™ option is not shown after you have uploaded the "pickup location" zip code, the 7 minute pickup™ option is not available. how to place a 7 minute pickup™ order by phone: to place a 7 minute pickup™ order by phone, call the edible arrangements toll free number 1-(877)-dofruit (363-7848). when placing a 7 minute pickup™ order by phone, please make sure to let our fruit expert® know that you are placing a 7 minute pickup™ order. notes and limitations: program may not apply to all products. for more information about products available for the 7 minute pickup™ program, call our toll free number 1-(877)-dofruit (363-7848), or your local store. edible arrangements® franchisees will endeavor to have your product ready within seven minutes from the time the order is received in the store and uploaded into the store's ordering system, however actual times that an order is completed may vary. remember to check for program availability on orders placed through our websites at check out when selecting the date and time for same day pickup. the 7 minute pickup™ program is not a guarantee that your order will be ready within seven minutes of placing an order. edible arrangements, its affiliated entities, officers, directors, and employees, and its franchisees have no liability to guests or other persons if an order is not ready within seven minutes from the time the order is received at the store location. edible arrangements reserves the right to withdraw or modify the program at any time, or change the time an order will be ready at its sole discretion, and without notice. the program is also subject to all other terms and conditions posted on the ea websites. expired terms & conditions