来源URL: https://web.archive.org/web/20181228133145/https://www.ediblearrangements.com/customer-service/faq.aspx
================================================================================

edible arrangements customer service | frequently asked questions text field - search logout help find a store welcome, edible rewards ® log in or sign up my rewards faqs & benefits my information order history gift reminders address book sign out shop occasions birthday edible® treats party platters corporate gifting special offers arrangements all fresh fruit arrangements all chocolate dipped arrangements view all chocolate covered fruit boxes chocolate covered strawberries edible® donuts view all edible® collections gifts under $30 gifts under $50 party platters specials view all products >> occasions anniversary birthday congratulations get well graduation just because new baby sympathy thank you holidays easter home customer service faqs faqs track your order contact us allergy & safety information cancel your order promotion terms & conditions certified happinesssm order inquiry change your order find a store near you check your gift card status request a brochure website feedback tell a friend faqs products policy frequently asked questions ordering products delivery payment company my account edible rewards email & text text field – enter email address text field – enter cellphone number how do i sign up for promotions and special offers? sign up below for our best deals, exclusive promotions, and more! email: submit text: submit or text signup to 334253. message and data rates may apply. view our privacy policy for additional details. how do i create an account ? we've made it simple, to set up a business account for your company visit us at www.ediblearrangements.com/business ,and click on "sign up now". once you complete the setup form, you'll have access to features designed exclusively for edible® for business account holders. how do i upload my contacts? from the ediblearrangements.com/business homepage, locate the 'download contact form'. add your contacts’ information to this spreadsheet and save it to your computer. upload your complete file to the edible® corporate gifts portal by clicking the “upload” button. you’ll be able to browse your computer for the file, then click “okay” to submit.  you can review and/or edit your contact list in the "contacts" tab at any time. how far in advance can i place my order? you can place an order well in advance, or order last minute! on weekdays, orders can be placed for same day store delivery until 5pm local (store) time. for business deliveries, and during busy holiday time periods like christmas, valentine’s day and mother’s day, we recommend that you order further in advance. orders for saturday store delivery should be placed before 3pm local (store) time. sunday deliveries vary by location. for catering orders, they can not be placed same day. they can only be ordered for next day, or future dates. for orders that must be shipped by ups, you can typically order until at least 3pm local (store) time on the day before the scheduled delivery date – and even later in some areas. same day delivery is not available for orders shipped by ups. how much room do i have for my card message? your card message can be up to 300 characters long, including spaces, periods, symbols, etc. will i receive an order receipt/order confirmation? yes. first, when you place your order online, you will see a confirmation page after you process your order. you will have the options to print and email your order confirmation. order history we recommend that you print this confirmation page and keep it for your records. we will also send you a confirmation email after you place your order, whether you order online or by phone. if you do not receive an order confirmation email, it is possible that your email address was entered incorrectly. keep in mind that there may be a delay in the delivery of your order confirmation email. due to the high volume of orders we receive, particularly around busy holidays, you may not receive your email confirmation immediately after placing your order. what if i didn’t see a confirmation page and/or didn’t receive an email confirmation? if you didn’t receive any of the order confirmation messages, please call 1-800-691-3564 as soon as possible. we recommend that you do not attempt to submit the order again to avoid placing duplicate orders. one of our customer service representatives will be able to assist you in determining if your order was successfully processed. if the order was not successfully placed, we will be able to take your order by phone at that time. how do i cancel or change an order i already placed? if you need to cancel or change an order scheduled for pickup or delivery from a local edible arrangements® store, please contact local store that will be servicing your order at least 24 hours prior to the scheduled delivery or pickup with your request. for orders shipping via ups, please contact our call center at 1-877-do-fruit (1-877-363-7848) by noon est on the day before the scheduled delivery date with your request. local stores are unable to make any changes or cancellations to orders shipped by ups at this time. do you offer gift cards? not at this time, but we're getting ready to launch our new and improved gift card program very soon! check back at a later date for more information. what is certified happinesssm? certified happinesssm is our commitment to quality and customer service, from every edible arrangements® store owner and all of the fruit experts® in our system. the purpose of the certified happinesssm policy is to ensure our guests and gift recipients are satisfied with the service and quality they receive from us each and every time. what happens if i have an account already with edible arrangements? once you sign into your account, you will receive a pop up to accept the edible rewards® terms & conditions.  you must accept the new terms to become an edible rewards® member. where can i find terms & conditions for edible rewards? you can find the legal terms and conditions for edible rewards here: https://www.ediblearrangements.com/rewards/termsandconditions.aspx when will i receive my rewards? rewards members will be credited for their purchases when their order has been successfully ‘delivered’, 'shipped', or ‘picked up’ on the date of the original order. how do i unsubscribe from your emails? we're sorry to see you go! please follow the steps to unsubscribe: 1. scroll to the bottom of an edible arrangements email. 2. click the "unsubscribe" link. this will open a web page that lists your email subscription options. 3. choose a subscription option and then click the "update" button. unsubscribing from our emails will not delete your edible rewards account. please contact our customer care center with any questions.  203-774-5357 what are the features and benefits of becoming an edible rewards® member? when you sign up for an edible rewards® account, you'll have access to some exclusive features only available to you!  you will receive free birthday gifts, exclusive offers, vip gift reminders, speedy checkout and free chocolate dipped fruit™ boxes. are the reward offer codes unique to each guest when i am an edible rewards® member? yes, the codes are currently unique coupon codes (8 characters - 4 alpha followed by 4 numeral).  you will not be able to use the same code more than once, and you must be logged into your online account or have given the store or customer care center your email address associated with the reward in order to use it. can i use multiple rewards on one order? no, sorry but save your other reward for another day! what do i do if i forgot my password? just visit www.edible.com/rewards and use the “forgot password’ link so we can trigger an email sent to the email address on file with a link to reset your password. how do i unsubscribe from your text messages? we're sorry to see you go! please follow the steps to unsubscribe: 1. from your mobile phone, text stop to 334253. message and data rates may apply. unsubscribing from our texts will not delete your edible rewards account. please contact our customer care center with any questions. 203-774-5357 will i be able to see all orders i have placed in my online account? only orders placed online (while signed in) will show in your order history. this means if you purchase an item in one of 1,200+ edible arrangements locations, this purchase will not show up in your order history online. what if i want to edit information in my account? if you would like to change your phone number, address, etc. you can do so by logging into your account what if i lose my email that has my rewards listed in them? ·         if you are physically in your local edible arrangements store – our fruit experts® will be able look up your email and see all of your pending rewards. ·         if you are on our website– you can see all pending rewards once you have logged into your account. how can i place an order? you can place an order online any time, or by calling any one of our local edible arrangements® stores directly. click on link below: https://www.ediblearrangements.com/stores/storelocator.aspx?currloc=true how far in advance should i place my order? you can place an order well in advance, or order last minute! on weekdays, orders can be placed for same day store delivery until 5pm local (store) time. for business deliveries, and during busy holiday time periods like christmas, valentine’s day and mother’s day, we recommend that you order further in advance. orders for saturday store delivery should be placed before 3pm local (store) time. sunday deliveries vary by location. for catering items, orders can not be placed same day. items can only be purchased for next day or future dates. for orders that must be shipped by ups, you can typically order until at least 3pm local (store) time on the day before the scheduled delivery date – and even later in some areas. same day delivery is not available for orders shipped by ups. how much room do i have for my card message? your card message can be up to 300 characters long, including spaces, periods, symbols, etc. will i receive an order receipt/order confirmation? yes. first, if you place your order online, you will see a confirmation page after you process your order. we recommend that you print this confirmation page and keep it for your records. we will also send you a confirmation email after you place your order, whether you order online or by phone. if you do not receive an order confirmation email, it is possible that your email address was entered incorrectly. keep in mind that there may be a delay in the delivery of your order confirmation email. due to the high volume of orders we receive, particularly around busy holidays like valentine’s day and mother’s day, you may not receive your email confirmation immediately after placing your order. what if i didn’t see a confirmation page and/or didn’t receive an email confirmation? if you didn’t receive any of the order confirmation messages, please contact your local store as soon as possible. we recommend that you do not  attempt to submit the order again to avoid placing duplicate orders. click the link below: https://www.ediblearrangements.com/stores/storelocator.aspx?currloc=true how do i cancel or change an order i already placed? you may request a change (address, card message, additional items, etc.) to your order at any time before your order leaves the edible arrangements, llc store for delivery and we will do our best to accommodate your request. however, if your order has left the store for delivery or has already been delivered, we will be unable to change your order. for dipped fruit ™ local stores are unable to make any changes to orders shipped by ups at this time. to make changes to your order, please contact the edible arrangements, llc store that will be processing your order. if you need to cancel an order scheduled for pickup or delivery from a local edible arrangements, llc store, please contact the local store that will be servicing your order at least 24 hours prior to the scheduled delivery or pickup with your request. for dipped fruit ™ shipment orders via ups, please contact our call center at 1-203-774-5357 by noon est on the day before the scheduled delivery date with your request. local stores are unable to make any changes or cancellations to orders shipped by ups at this time. if your order has left the edible arrangements, llc store for delivery or has already been delivered, we will be unable to cancel your order. do you offer gift cards? not at this time, check back soon! can you send me a catalog or brochure of your products? certainly! you can view an online brochure, or request that a brochure be mailed to you here, or by calling your local store. you can also always view our full product line online any time, of course. what is certified happinesssm? certified happinesssm is our commitment to quality and customer service, from every edible arrangements® store owner and all of the fruit experts® in our system. the purpose of the certified happinesssm policy is to ensure our guests and gift recipients are satisfied with the service and quality they receive from us each and every time. can i customize my arrangement? we have a wide variety of fresh fruit arrangements and chocolate dipped fruit to choose from, with a multitude of options for different fruit, chocolate, and topping combinations! you can also customize your order by adding plush teddy bears, balloons and more. you will see all of these custom options as you proceed through the checkout process, after you’ve selected an arrangement. i only want certain types of fruit. can i make substitutions? our arrangement designs are carefully created for the perfect presentation in our signature style -- to ensure that every arrangement or gift meets these standards or presentation, the designs are trademarked and can't be modified by substituting different fruit types in any arrangement. but, the good news is, we really do have dozens and dozens of options with many different fruit configurations! so, we're sure we have something that you will love. we'd be happy to help you find a gift that's just right for your taste preferences, so give your local store a call any time. click below to find your local store. https://www.ediblearrangements.com/stores/storelocator.aspx?currloc=true can i choose/change the container? all of our containers and packaging are specifically designed to accommodate the size of our arrangements, and to complement the appearance of each fresh fruit creation. containers may vary from those shown on our website. what kind of chocolate do you use? we use 100% real chocolate in all of our dipped fruit arrangements and products! our fruit is dipped in either gourmet semi-sweet or white chocolate. what type of strawberries do you use? we know fruit! that's why we use albion strawberries, which have a consistently sweeter flavor than most strawberry varieties. albion strawberries are typically darker in color than other strawberries, both internally and externally. do your products contain nuts? some of our fruit arrangements and boxes of chocolate dipped fruit have crushed or sliced almonds, so there are nut products in our preparation areas. we cannot guarantee that a gift will not have come in contact with nuts or nut oil. we recommend that you take the necessary precautions based on any related allergies. do your products contain milk? all edible arrangements® products may contain or come in contact with items that contain milk products. we recommend that you take the necessary precautions based on any food allergies. is your chocolate gluten free? all chocolate is gluten-free. however, our chocolate is manufactured in facilities that may manufacture gluten-based products. are your products kosher? every edible arrangements® store is individually owned and operated, and some of our stores are kosher certified. look for the “kosher certified” notation in the individual store details on our store locations page, or contact your local store directly to find out if they are kosher certified. in these kosher certified stores, some products may not be kosher, such as the gourmet chocolate pops; please ask our fruit experts® in your local store if any item in your order is not kosher certified. what are the features and benefits of my account? when you sign up for an account with edible arrangements®, you'll have access to some exclusive features only available to you! you'll be able to view your order history for any order you place while signed in to your account. from there you can view the full order details, and track your order. you can also save contacts to your address book, sign up for our gift reminder service and more. how can i add a contact to my address book? from your my account page, select address book under important links. then, click the red button that says add a new address and we'll walk you through it. once you've added a new contact, placing an order will be even simpler! how do i sign up for a gift reminder? with our gift reminder feature, you'll never forget an important occasion or event! to sign up for a gift reminder from your my account page, select gift reminders under important links. then, click the red button that says add a new reminder, and we'll walk you through the process. we'll send you an email when you tell us you'd like to be reminded. i forgot to sign in to my account while placing an order. can you add this order to my account? we're sorry to say that we're not able to add orders under your account once it has already been placed. not to worry - you can still track your order, and you will (of course) still receive an order confirmation! you just won't be able to view this order under your order history when you're logged in to your my account page. i forgot/want to change my password. how can i reset my password? no problem! if you forgot your my account password, just select login in the upper right of our website. then, click on the link that says forgot your password? from there, we'll walk you through the simple process to reset your password. if you'd simply like to change your password,  log in to your account page, then click the link that says change password near the upper right of that page. what are your delivery policies? please note the following delivery policies: •we take pride in our customer service at edible arrangements® and this includes not only the quality of our products, but also the speed of our service and delivery. keeping this in mind, if you need to cancel or change an order scheduled for pickup or delivery from a local edible arrangements store, please contact local store that will be servicing your order at least 24 hours prior to the schedule delivery or pickup with your request. for dipped fruit™ shipment orders via ups, please contact our call center at 1-203-774-5357 by noon est on the day  before the schedule delivery date with your request. local stores are unable to make any changes or cancellations to orders shipped by ups at this time. •delivery times cannot be guaranteed. •we cannot deliver to p.o. boxes. •the recipient may be called to schedule delivery. •requests for deliveries at specific times of day are not guaranteed. please contact the shop that will be processing your order with any specific questions regarding your delivery. •residential deliveries: if the recipient is not available at the time of delivery, we can no longer leave the delivery with a neighbor. we can only arrange to leave a delivery at a neighbor’s upon specific request of the guest. if you want your order to be left with a neighbor if the recipient is not home, please make sure to advise the local store in your delivery instructions at the time you place the order. you will need to provide the name and address of the neighbor. residential deliveries may be made as late as 7:00pm. **during busy holiday times, residential deliveries may be made as late as 9:00 pm. your local store may contact you if you place a same day order for delivery to reschedule your order for another day. •for business deliveries: the delivery person may leave the gift with the front desk, security, or the receptionist with specific instructions to refrigerate immediately. edible arrangements is not responsible for any gift that is not properly handled. if the business is closed, delivery will be attempted the next business day. we do not advise same day business deliveries to be placed after 3:00 pm as many business close at 5:00 pm. your local store may contact you if you place a same day order for delivery to reschedule your order for another business day. •for school deliveries: the delivery person may leave the gift with the front desk, security, or the receptionist with specific instructions to refrigerate immediately. edible arrangements is not responsible for any gift that is not properly handled. if the school is closed, delivery will be attempted the next school day.  we do not advise same day school deliveries to be placed after 12:00 pm as many school close at 3:00 pm. your local store may contact you if you place a same day order for delivery to reschedule your order for another business day. • we do guarantee delivery times for catering items. •flex orders will be delivered during the time period specified at the time the order was placed. for more information, view our shipment policies. none of your stores service the zip/postal code i entered, can you ship the arrangement? even if there’s no edible arrangements® store close enough to deliver locally, we’ve still got you (chocolate) covered! we offer shipment of our boxes of gourmet chocolate dipped fruit to many locations across the u.s. via ups. just enter the recipient’s zip code and the delivery date required in the entry fields on our website, and you will automatically be shown all service options (pickup/delivery/shipment) available in that area on that date. if we do not currently have a service available in your desired area, remember that we are constantly growing and expanding our edible arrangements® store locations! where can i find information about donations from edible arrangements®? you can find out more about our charitable work, including donations, sponsorships and fundraising opportunities, on our edible cares™ page. where can i find information about your founder, tariq farid? we think tariq's story is something of an american dream come true. want to know more? read on: it grew from a flower shop to learn about how tariq started the fruit phenomenon known as edible arrangements®, take a little trip back in time with us through our history. where can you deliver? we can deliver almost anywhere nationwide in the united states! we have over 1000 store locations worldwide, and we can deliver to those stores’ surrounding areas. how will my order be delivered? orders delivered through a local edible arrangements® store are hand-delivered in a refrigerated van. orders that are shipped are delivered via ups, and are specially packaged to ensure the perfect presentation and freshness on arrival. will you contact the recipient prior to delivering the product? local edible arrangements® stores may contact the recipient prior to delivery to ensure that they are home and/or available to accept their gift, but we do not typically contact recipients prior to attempting delivery. we recommend that you always send your gift on a date and to a location where someone will be available to receive the gift to ensure freshness, and advise your recipient to expect a delivery. i would like my order(s) to be delivered at a certain time. do you offer timed deliveries? we cannot guarantee delivery times, but we will do our best to accommodate the open hours of offices, schools and businesses. any request for a specific delivery time cannot be honored. you should not include any such request or delivery instruction with your order, as it will not be taken into account for your delivery. you can always track your order online any time, or by contacting the local store fulfilling the order. this information can be found in your confirmation email. how can i track the status of my order? you can track your order online any time through the customer service section of our website using your order confirmation number. just enter your order # in the entry field, and click track order to get the most recent status update. please keep in mind that your order status is updated periodically, and may not reflect up-to-the-minute status. during busy holiday times like christmas, valentine’s day and mother’s day, there may be delays in updates to your order status. if your order is shipped via ups, you will receive an email with your ups tracking # automatically when your order is prepared for shipment in one of our local stores. you can then visit www.ups.com and enter that tracking # to find the status of your delivery. can i pick up my gift from a store? yes, of course! we offer both pickup and delivery from all of our store locations. if you are placing your order(s) online, you will be given the option to pick up your order once you’ve entered the zip code and the date required. then, you will be able to select a store location for pickup. you can also contact your local store directly by clicking on the link below. https://www.ediblearrangements.com/stores/storelocator.aspx?currloc=true what payment methods do you accept? we accept payment via all major credit cards: american express, discover, mastercard or visa. if you will be placing your order online, you can also check out on our website through paypal. when will my credit card be charged? your credit card will be charged at the time the order is placed. is there sales tax on my order? all edible arrangements® store orders (for pickup or delivery) are subject to applicable the taxes of the state/area in which the local store operates. orders shipping via ups are subject to 6.35% ct state sales tax. is it safe to use my credit card online? yes; we never send personal information, such as your credit card number, over the network in a way that is readable to anyone but us. we encrypt your information and send it over the internet using ssl (secure socket layer) technology. i think i may have been charged twice. can you help? absolutely. the first thing you should do is check to see if the charge you are seeing is actually a temporary hold, or pending transaction. if this is the case, you have not actually been charged. credit card transactions are authorized in two steps. in the first step, the payment gateway says “i want to charge $xx to card y.” if the card has these funds available, the card company places a provisional hold on those $xx and responds ok back to the gateway. along with that response, the card company sends the gateway some account information (such as the cardholder address). the gateway then performs the second part of the validation, checking this address against the billing address you supplied. if this match fails, the gateway tells both us and the card issuer. the funds that were placed under hold are never captured—you will not be charged. however, it’s important to note that some card issuers release these held funds in a batch process, typically one that runs overnight. because of this, you may see the held transaction appearing in your online credit card statement for a day or two. the time is takes to release your funds is dependent entirely on your bank or credit card company. where can i apply to work for edible arrangements®? think you have what it takes to wow us and our guests? we’d love to work with you! to find out more about open positions at a local edible arrangements® store, please contact your local store directly. need help finding a store? check out our store locator. to view available job openings at the edible arrangements® corporate office in wallingford, connecticut, visit our careers page. why doesn’t my arrangement have exactly the same amount of fruit as the photo on the website? our arrangements may vary in the exact fruit counts due to produce size variations throughout the year.  each fruit has a peak season, which may result in larger than average produce during that time; similarly, there are seasons when the fruit may be smaller than average. to ensure that the arrangement’s design remains uniform, our fruit experts® work within specified fruit count ranges for each fruit type when building each arrangement. this gives our highly trained staff just enough flexibility to ensure that the arrangement is perfectly designed, no matter what size the fruit is at that point in the year. how long will the fruit last? our fruit arrangements are sold at the peak of freshness. we recommend that you enjoy your edible arrangement right away. if that’s not possible, you should keep the original wrapping, and refrigerate immediately upon receipt. once it has been removed from the original wrapping, you should remove the fruit from the skewers, store it in an airtight container, and refrigerate immediately. our chocolate dipped fruit is exceptionally fresh, and should be consumed immediately. if that’s not possible, you should keep the original packaging, refrigerate immediately upon receipt, and enjoy within 24 hours of receipt. does your fruit contain preservatives? no. our fruit is all natural. no preservatives are ever added. ! where can i find information on buying an edible arrangements® franchise? thanks for your interest! please visit www.eafranchise.com to learn more about purchasing an edible arrangements® store location, or call 888-727-4258 to speak directly with an edible arrangements® franchise development consultant. how can i place an order? you can place an order online any time, or by calling any one of our local edible arrangements® stores directly. click here! how much is the delivery fee? standard delivery from any of our local edible arrangements® stores is a $14.99 flat fee per delivery location.  if your order will be delivered via ups, the shipping rate varies depending on the ups service available in the area, and on the date selected. in this case, you will see the shipping rate for your order on the checkout page before you process your order. sign up for promotions and special offers. email address submit see terms of use phone number submit please check box to accept terms and conditions and submit. i agree to receive up to 6 autodialed text messages per month from or on behalf of edible arrangements, llc about promotions, special offers, and discounts at the phone number provided above. i understand that my consent is not required and is not a condition of any purchase. standard text message and data rates apply. not all carriers covered. you can always text stop to 334253 to stop getting text messages (you will be sent a confirmation message), or call 203-774-5357. text help to 334253 for help. stores franchise find a store edible® treats international franchising edible® stores edible collections valentine's day mother's day birthday gifts gifts for him view all occasions edible rewards login sign up customer service track your order contact us allergy & safety information faqs accessibility about about edible® careers press blog fundraising ideas espanol | usa | edible arrangements® international websites united states of america bahrain canada kuwait puerto rico qatar saudi arabia united arab emirates terms of use | privacy policy | promotion terms and conditions © 2009-2019 edible arrangements, llc. all rights reserved.