来源URL: https://web.archive.org/web/20221231100822/https://www.bowflex.com/customer-service/shipping-information.html
================================================================================

shipping information | bowflex holiday sale! save up to $500 + free shipping shop sale skip to main content skip to footer content homepage search bowflexsearch search catalog search bowflex support contact us 800-618-8853 support home account choose account bowflex account jrny account menu bikes back velocore bike built-in console (2 sizes), lean mode c7 bike jrny & peloton app compatible c6 bike jrny & peloton app compatible shop bikes compare bikes ellipticals back max total 16 built-in 16" console max trainer m9 built-in 10" console max trainer m6 backlit lcd console shop ellipticals compare ellipticals home gyms back revolution 220 lbs. of resistance xtreme 2 se 210 lbs. of resistance shop home gyms compare home gyms weights & benches back dumbbells 5-52 lbs. & 10-90 lbs. back 552 dumbbells 5-52 lbs. 1090 dumbbells 10-90 lbs. compare dumbbells barbell with curlbar 20-80 lbs. kettlebell 8-40 lbs. benches stowable design back 5.1s bench 4.1s bench compare benches shop weights & benches treadmills back treadmill 22 built-in 22" console treadmill 10 built-in 10" console shop treadmills compare treadmills jrny digital fitness back jrny digital fitness adaptive fitness membership explore jrny go to jrny.com accessories & parts back accessories & upgrades replacement parts shop accessories & parts sale back c6 bike - sale limited time: now only $699 xtreme 2 se - sale limited time: now only $1,199 treadmill 22 - sale limited time: now only $2,299 shop all offers account support contact us close support menu 800-618-8853 support home choose account close account menu bowflex account jrny account your browser's javascript functionality is turned off. please turn it on so that you can experience the full capabilities of this site. shipping information frequently asked questions why are shipping times longer than normal? with more people working out from home, we're experiencing an extraordinary demand for our products. as we work hard to respond more quickly to the present demand, we want to help you to make an informed decision about your purchase. the item i'm looking at says it will take up to x weeks/months to ship. does this mean i may get it sooner? due to current shipping constraints, it will likely take the full amount of time shown to ship the item. you'll be notified by email once the item ships. if i order today, when will i be charged for my purchase? this will depend on your payment method. review the options below for details: pay with paypal if you use paypal, your paypal account will be charged at the time you place your order. pay with multiple credit cards if you use multiple credit cards to pay for your order, your credit or debit accounts will be charged at the time you place your order. pay with a credit or debit card if you pay with a credit or debit card, an authorization will be placed on your account at the time you place your order and will renew approximately 14 days prior to your order shipping. this appears as a pending charge on your account. while authorization holds are not actual charges, they allow your bank to reserve funds so the order can be processed. authorization holds are temporary and will automatically expire based on a time frame set by your financial institution, usually within 3–5 business days. canceled orders may take up to 5 days for their authorization to expire. once an item has shipped, the authorization hold is removed and charges will post to your debit or credit card account. it’s possible that you may have multiple authorizations and/or charges on your account for an order. authorization holds may be requested for individual items if your order ships in multiple shipments. you may also have any combination of the following: an authorization hold in the amount of the estimated order total. posted charge(s) for shipped item(s). new authorization holds for remaining items that haven't shipped. authorization holds can be extended up to 365 days, renewing every 14 days. if at any point an authorization hold request fails, nautilus will attempt to contact you via phone and email prior to cancelling your order if not resolved. if you need help requesting the removal of an authorization hold, contact your card issuing bank. finance through synchrony or care credit if you finance through synchrony or carecredit, an authorization will be placed on your account until the order ships. this appears as a pending charge on your account. while authorization holds are not actual charges, they allow your bank to reserve funds so the order can be processed. authorization holds are temporary and will automatically expire after 60 days. once an item has shipped, the authorization hold is removed and charges will post to your synchrony account. it’s possible that you may have multiple authorizations and/or charges on your account for an order. authorization holds may be requested for individual items if your order ships in multiple shipments. you may also have any combination of the following: an authorization hold in the amount of the estimated order total. posted charge(s) for shipped item(s). new authorization holds for remaining items that haven't shipped. authorization holds can be extended up to 365 days, renewing every 60 days. if at any point an authorization hold request fails, nautilus will attempt to contact you via phone and email prior to cancelling your order if not resolved. if you need help requesting the removal of an authorization hold, contact synchrony. finance through vive if you finance through vive, an authorization will be placed on your account until the order ships. this appears as a pending charge on your account. while authorization holds are not actual charges, they allow your bank to reserve funds so the order can be processed. authorization holds are temporary and will automatically expire after 30 days. once the full order has shipped, the authorization hold is removed and the charge will post to your vive account. authorization holds can be extended up to 365 days, renewing every 30 days. if at any point an authorization hold request fails, nautilus will attempt to contact you via phone and email prior to cancelling your order if not resolved. if you need help requesting the removal of an authorization hold, contact vive. what are your return and cancellation policies? visit return and cancellation policies for full details. how can i track my order? once your order is processed, you can look up the status online by visiting our order status page. i received a notification that my order has been delivered, but i haven't received it yet. what should i do? when your order ships you will receive an email with tracking information from our carrier. occasionally, tracking information will show that your package has been delivered, but you haven't received it. if you don't receive the package within the next few business days: see if someone else accepted delivery. look around the delivery location. look for a notice of attempted delivery. contact the carrier as noted in your shipping confirmation email. if you have any questions about assembly or delivery of a product, please call our customer service department at (800) 605-3369. shipping time & cost shipping time and cost estimates can be found for products in the "shipping info" link on the product page. delivery restrictions delivery is not available to p.o. boxes, apo/fpo addresses, u.s. territories, or international destinations. for some items, delivery may only be available in the contiguous united states. if you have any questions about delivery in your area, please contact customer service. delivery timing the following may affect the delivery timing of your order: items ordered together may not ship at the same time; however, your credit card or account will be billed only for what is shipped. inclement weather may cause unforeseen delays in shipping. payment must be received and approved before an order is processed and shipped. credit card payments are generally approved the same day, but online financing applications and check orders may take additional processing time. taxes companies selling over the internet are subject to the same tax collection requirements as other retailers. the federal internet tax moratorium prohibits the imposition of new taxes on the internet itself and things like internet access services. it doesn't change the applicability of state and local taxes to sales transactions on the web. accordingly, nautilus collects sales/use taxes on the sale of products on our web site(s) based on applicable tax rates and laws. merchandise subject to sales tax based on the applicable state sales tax rate for orders delivered to al, az, ca, dc, ia, id, la, ma, md, me, ok, ut, va, and wy. merchandise plus shipping and handling charges subject to sales tax based on the applicable state sales tax rate for orders delivered to ar, co, ct, fl, ga, hi, il, in, ks, ky, mi, mn, mo, ms, nc, nd, ne, nj, nm, nv, ny, oh, pa, ri, sc, sd, tn, tx, vt, wa, wi, and wv. sales tax is not charged for orders delivered to ak, de, mt, nh and or. the amount of tax charged on your order will depend upon many factors including the type of item purchased and destination of the shipment. factors can change between the time you place an order and the time of credit card charge authorization, which could affect the calculation of sales taxes. please note: order totals calculated during checkout show estimated tax amounts only. final, actual, tax amounts will appear on your order invoice based on the tax rates and rules applicable when your order is shipped. the adaptive fitness membership that evolves with you. explore jrny 800-618-8853 customer supportmonday - friday: 6 a.m. - 5 p.m. pst saturday & sunday: closed december 23-26, 2022: closed sales7 days a week: 7 a.m. - 6 p.m. pst support home purchasing info financing shipping information return policy price match guarantee protection plan limited time offers about us product info request info request a catalog product manuals product registration getting started videos replacement parts recall notices support customer service check order status faqs press awards affiliate program accessibility statement bowflex blog workouts wellness recipes view all stay connected unlock your potential alongside other dedicated individuals. safe checkout secure using ssl encrypted connection. get the latest news & fitness tips. email address sign me up! this site is protected by recaptcha and the google privacy policy and terms of service apply. thanks for signing up.we'll keep you posted on the latest tips, product updates, and special offers. shop our brands privacy policy do not sell my personal information terms of use user generated content agreement copyright © 2022 nautilus inc. all rights reserved.