来源URL: https://web.archive.org/web/20221231100822/https://www.bowflex.com/jrny.html
================================================================================

jrny - workout app with trainer-led videos | bowflex holiday sale! save up to $500 + free shipping shop sale skip to main content skip to footer content homepage search bowflexsearch search catalog search bowflex support contact us 800-618-8853 support home account choose account bowflex account jrny account menu bikes back velocore bike built-in console (2 sizes), lean mode c7 bike jrny & peloton app compatible c6 bike jrny & peloton app compatible shop bikes compare bikes ellipticals back max total 16 built-in 16" console max trainer m9 built-in 10" console max trainer m6 backlit lcd console shop ellipticals compare ellipticals home gyms back revolution 220 lbs. of resistance xtreme 2 se 210 lbs. of resistance shop home gyms compare home gyms weights & benches back dumbbells 5-52 lbs. & 10-90 lbs. back 552 dumbbells 5-52 lbs. 1090 dumbbells 10-90 lbs. compare dumbbells barbell with curlbar 20-80 lbs. kettlebell 8-40 lbs. benches stowable design back 5.1s bench 4.1s bench compare benches shop weights & benches treadmills back treadmill 22 built-in 22" console treadmill 10 built-in 10" console shop treadmills compare treadmills jrny digital fitness back jrny digital fitness adaptive fitness membership explore jrny go to jrny.com accessories & parts back accessories & upgrades replacement parts shop accessories & parts sale back c6 bike - sale limited time: now only $699 xtreme 2 se - sale limited time: now only $1,199 treadmill 22 - sale limited time: now only $2,299 shop all offers account support contact us close support menu 800-618-8853 support home choose account close account menu bowflex account jrny account your browser's javascript functionality is turned off. please turn it on so that you can experience the full capabilities of this site. the adaptive fitness membership that evolves with you. only $19.99/mo or $149/yr. start 1-year free trial see jrny in action already a member? manage your account on jrny.com discover a variety of features that fuel your healthy lifestyle. swipe for more explore the world watch video streaming entertainment1 watch video tracking for unlimited users2 watch video adaptive workouts watch video trainer-led classes & videos watch video train anytime from jrny-compatible products and devices. tap icons to watch video. weights bikes ellipticals treadmills mobile devices not sure if your product is jrny-compatible? see compatible products. personalized workouts delivered daily. smart recommendations experience individualized workouts with real-time virtual coaching that continuously adapt as your fitness improves. choose your effort automatically recalibrates time and difficulty based on personalized targets and how you’re feeling that day. thousands of workout possibilities to explore. expand your wellness with whole-body workouts. round out your routine with full-body workouts like yoga, pilates, and strength. explore the world with virtual destinations. travel through 200+ stunning virtual courses at your own speed or experience them alongside your adaptive workouts. excel with real-time virtual coaching. reach your goals with the guidance of a friendly virtual coach that keeps you in your target zones. energize with trainer-led classes. sweat it out with world-class trainers who inspire you. experience a wide variety of time ranges and class types like hiit, recovery, and endurance. escape with streaming entertainment. experience adaptive workouts alongside your favorite streaming shows.1 with easy access to metrics, coaching, and more near the bottom of your touchscreen. netflix hulu prime video disney+ hbo jrny radio evolve with all-in-one tracking. review your milestones, achievements, and personal bests in one easy place. see it in action coming soon: early 2023 something new is coming to jrny! don't think. just move. discover a whole new jrny® app experience that will elevate your selecttech® dumbbell workouts like never before. explore jrny compatible fitness products. weights bikes ellipticals treadmills selecttech 552 dumbbells 15 sets of weights in one compact design. jrny app on mobile device view 552s selecttech 1090 dumbbells 17 sets of weights in one compact design. jrny app on mobile device view 1090s selecttech 840 kettlebell adjusts from 8 - 40 lbs, replacing 6 kettlebells. jrny app on mobile device view 840 2080 barbell w/ curl bar adjusts from 20 - 80 lbs in 10 lb. increments. jrny app on mobile device view 2080 bowflex velocore bike the award-winning indoor ride that leans from side to side. jrny built-in screen view velocore bowflex c6 bike explore a variety of world-class app experiences. jrny app on mobile device view c6 bowflex c7 bike choose more than one digital experience. jrny built-in screen view c7 bowflex max total 16 immerse yourself in the ultimate, whole-body hiit experience. jrny built-in screen view total 16 bowflex max trainer m9 the full-body sprint machine that elevates your fitness routine. jrny built-in screen view m9 bowflex max trainer m6 the most exhilarating hiit workout on the planet. jrny app on mobile device view m6 bowflex max total high intensity interval training that keeps you coming back. jrny built-in screen view max total bowflex max trainer m8 full-throttle, high-intensity interval training. jrny app on mobile device view m8 bowflex max trainer m7 challenge yourself with addictive hiit-style workouts. jrny app (upgrade kit required) view m7 bowflex max trainer m5 save time with high-intensity interval training. jrny app (upgrade kit required) view m5 bowflex treadmill 22 world-class cardio that challenges your best effort. jrny built-in screen view t22 bowflex treadmill 10 world-class cardio that fuels your runner's high. jrny built-in screen view t10 bowflex treadmill 7 high performance cardio that keeps you motivated. jrny built-in screen view t7 bowflex treadmill bxt216 fuel your runner's high from the comfort of home. jrny app on mobile device view bxt216 bowflex treadmill bxt116 keep yourself motivated with high performance cardio. jrny app on mobile device view bxt116 bowflex treadmill bxt6 challenge yourself and fuel your runner's high. jrny app on mobile device view bxt6 don't have a jrny compatible product? bodyweight workouts now available in the jrny app as "whole-body workouts". watch video 4.6 out of 5 in the app store great app that creates workouts suited to my capabilities and workout history. very easy to use.cohiker79 app store opened the app and the machine connected immediately. it connects faster than my bluetooth® headphones! the workout experience is great. i loved the fitness assessment. now i am confident i can crush workouts!stackofdimes app store very helpful and i like having a plan while the app tracks my progress. i feel like i am accomplishing my goals at a pace i can maintain.john s. google play it sets out a training program just for you. really like that it mixes up the workouts so you're not getting bored.malcolm p. google play super! adjusts to your level then slowly increases over time as you become stronger.leonardo n. google play love this app. it keeps me focused and on point with my workouts.djrkad1966 app store amazing. keeps track of my progress and the trainers are amazing.j b google play each set is different. jrny appears to be in sync with me; not me with it. the routines get more challenging at a level i can do. i am feeling stronger and more confident with each workout. go bowflex.google user google play choose the membership that's right for you. access the full jrny platform through your product's embedded touchscreen and mobile device with the jrny app. best savings annual membership $149/yr billed annually save over $90/year. monthly membership $19.99/mo billed monthly start 1-year free trial already a member? log into jrny.com frequently asked questions talk to an expert. you may also call us during business hours at 1-888-986-5528. for additional questions check out the jrny faq page. which bowflex® home fitness products are compatible with the jrny® digital fitness platform? built-in touchscreen experience is available for: bowflex® velocore® 16/22 bikes, c7 bike, max total 16 machine, max trainer® m9 machine, max total® machine, and treadmills 22, 10, and 7. jrny® app for phone or tablet is available for: bowflex® c6 bike, max trainer® m6 machine, selecttech 552 and 1090 dumbbells, and selecttech 840 kettlebell. pair your jrny® app to expand your fitness experience. products not available from bowflex.com that are compatible with the jrny® app for phone or tablet: bowflex® max trainer m8 machine, t6 treadmill, and 116/216 treadmills. pair your jrny® app to expand your fitness experience. how do adaptive workouts work? first, the jrny® platform assesses your fitness level and designs workouts tailored to you and your personal fitness journey. then, the jrny® platform recommends workouts based on your abilities and the workout experiences you favor. finally, your jrny® workouts automatically adjust over time as you progress. the more you improve, the more your workouts adapt to keep you challenged. this removes the guesswork and creates a personalized fitness plan you can stick to for long-term success. does my jrny® membership work for all family user profiles on my product? yes. one single jrny® membership covers any household member who has a user profile associated with your product. how many individual user profiles can i set up for my household? unlimited user profiles for bowflex cardio products except for the max trainer m6 and m8 models, the c6 bike, and the bxt116 and bxt216 treadmill models. m8: 4 user profiles m6: 2 user profiles c6: 1 user profile bxt216: 4 user profiles bxt116: 4 user profiles when does my jrny® membership become active? if purchased through bowflex.com, your jrny® membership becomes active once you first log into the jrny platform from your touchscreen or smart device. if purchased through the app store/google play, your membership becomes active as soon as you've completed your in-app purchase. if your membership is not activated within 60 days of purchase, bowflex has the right to cancel the trial or to automatically activate your membership. 1 a jrny® membership allows you to follow your workout on-screen while watching your existing netflix, hulu, amazon prime video, disney+, and hbo max accounts on built-in touchscreen products. streaming entertainment not available on jrny® app for smart phones/tablets. separate streaming subscriptions required. 2 unlimited user profiles for bowflex cardio products except for the max trainer m6 and m8 models, the c6 bike, and the bxt116 and bxt216 treadmill models. m8: 4 user profiles. m6: 2 user profiles. c6: 1 user profile. bxt116: 4 user profiles. bxt216: 4 user profiles. the adaptive fitness membership that evolves with you. explore jrny 800-618-8853 customer supportmonday - friday: 6 a.m. - 5 p.m. pst saturday & sunday: closed december 23-26, 2022: closed sales7 days a week: 7 a.m. - 6 p.m. pst support home purchasing info financing shipping information return policy price match guarantee protection plan limited time offers about us product info request info request a catalog product manuals product registration getting started videos replacement parts recall notices support customer service check order status faqs press awards affiliate program accessibility statement bowflex blog workouts wellness recipes view all stay connected unlock your potential alongside other dedicated individuals. safe checkout secure using ssl encrypted connection. get the latest news & fitness tips. email address sign me up! this site is protected by recaptcha and the google privacy policy and terms of service apply. thanks for signing up.we'll keep you posted on the latest tips, product updates, and special offers. shop our brands privacy policy do not sell my personal information terms of use user generated content agreement copyright © 2022 nautilus inc. all rights reserved.