来源URL: https://web.archive.org/web/20250516170156/https://www.bowflex.com/customer-service/shipping-information.html
================================================================================

shipping information | bowflex memorial day sale! save up to $800 shop sale skip to main content skip to footer content homepage search bowflexsearch search catalog search bowflex contact us contact us 800-618-8853 support home account choose account bowflex account jrny.com account menu sale back max trainer se - sale get the max trainer se for only $999 + free shipping! ic bike se - sale get the ic bike se for only $599 + free shipping! xtreme 2 se - sale get the xtreme 2 se for only $999 + free shipping! treadmill 22 - sale get the treadmill for only $2,299 + free shipping! shop all offers bikes back velocore bike built-in console (2 sizes), lean mode ic bike se the bike that adjusts to you c6 bike peloton app compatible & ready to ship shop bikes compare bikes ellipticals back max total 16 built-in 16" console max trainer se 7" console + whisper-quiet functionality max trainer m9 built-in 10" console max trainer m6 backlit lcd console shop max trainer ellipticals compare max trainer models home gyms back revolution 220 lbs. of resistance xtreme 2 se 210 lbs. of resistance shop home gyms compare home gyms weights & benches back kettlebell 8-40 lbs. barbell with curlbar 20-80 lbs. dumbbells 5-52 lbs. & 10-90 lbs. back 552 dumbbells 5-52 lbs. 1090 dumbbells 10-90 lbs. compare dumbbells 5.1s bench stowable design shop weights & benches compare adjustable weights treadmills back treadmill 22 built-in 22" console treadmill 10 built-in 10" console t9 treadmill connect to apple watch bxt8j treadmill backlit lcd console shop treadmills compare treadmills jrny digital fitness back jrny digital fitness adaptive fitness membership explore jrny go to jrny.com accessories & parts back accessories & upgrades replacement parts shop accessories account choose account close account menu bowflex account jrny.com account contact us contact us close support menu 800-618-8853 support home your browser's javascript functionality is turned off. please turn it on so that you can experience the full capabilities of this site. shipping & delivery frequently asked questions why are shipping times longer than normal? with more people working out from home, we're experiencing an extraordinary demand for our products. as we work hard to respond more quickly to the present demand, we want to help you to make an informed decision about your purchase. the item i'm looking at says it will take up to x weeks/months to ship. does this mean i may get it sooner? due to current shipping constraints, it will likely take the full amount of time shown to ship the item. you'll be notified by email once the item ships. if i order today, when will i be charged for my purchase? this will depend on your payment method. review the options below for details: pay with paypal if you use paypal, your paypal account will be charged at the time you place your order. pay with multiple credit cards if you use multiple credit cards to pay for your order, your credit or debit accounts will be charged at the time you place your order. pay with a credit or debit card if you pay with a credit or debit card, an authorization will be placed on your account at the time you place your order and will renew approximately 14 days prior to your order shipping. this appears as a pending charge on your account. while authorization holds are not actual charges, they allow your bank to reserve funds so the order can be processed. authorization holds are temporary and will automatically expire based on a time frame set by your financial institution, usually within 3–5 business days. canceled orders may take up to 5 days for their authorization to expire. once an item has shipped, the authorization hold is removed and charges will post to your debit or credit card account. it’s possible that you may have multiple authorizations and/or charges on your account for an order. authorization holds may be requested for individual items if your order ships in multiple shipments. you may also have any combination of the following: an authorization hold in the amount of the estimated order total. posted charge(s) for shipped item(s). new authorization holds for remaining items that haven't shipped. authorization holds can be extended up to 365 days, renewing every 14 days. if at any point an authorization hold request fails, bowflex will attempt to contact you via phone and email prior to cancelling your order if not resolved. if you need help requesting the removal of an authorization hold, contact your card issuing bank. finance through synchrony or care credit if you finance through synchrony or carecredit, an authorization will be placed on your account until the order ships. this appears as a pending charge on your account. while authorization holds are not actual charges, they allow your bank to reserve funds so the order can be processed. authorization holds are temporary and will automatically expire after 60 days. once an item has shipped, the authorization hold is removed and charges will post to your synchrony account. it’s possible that you may have multiple authorizations and/or charges on your account for an order. authorization holds may be requested for individual items if your order ships in multiple shipments. you may also have any combination of the following: an authorization hold in the amount of the estimated order total. posted charge(s) for shipped item(s). new authorization holds for remaining items that haven't shipped. authorization holds can be extended up to 365 days, renewing every 60 days. if at any point an authorization hold request fails, bowflex will attempt to contact you via phone and email prior to cancelling your order if not resolved. if you need help requesting the removal of an authorization hold, contact synchrony. finance through vive if you finance through vive, an authorization will be placed on your account until the order ships. this appears as a pending charge on your account. while authorization holds are not actual charges, they allow your bank to reserve funds so the order can be processed. authorization holds are temporary and will automatically expire after 30 days. once the full order has shipped, the authorization hold is removed and the charge will post to your vive account. authorization holds can be extended up to 365 days, renewing every 30 days. if at any point an authorization hold request fails, bowflex will attempt to contact you via phone and email prior to cancelling your order if not resolved. if you need help requesting the removal of an authorization hold, contact vive. what are your return and cancellation policies? visit return and cancellation policies for full details. how can i track my order? once your order is processed, you can look up the status online by visiting our order status page. i received a notification that my order has been delivered, but i haven't received it yet. what should i do? when your order ships you will receive an email with tracking information from our carrier. occasionally, tracking information will show that your package has been delivered, but you haven't received it. if you don't receive the package within the next few business days: see if someone else accepted delivery. look around the delivery location. look for a notice of attempted delivery. contact the carrier as noted in your shipping confirmation email. if you have any questions about assembly or delivery of a product, please call our customer service department at (800) 605-3369. shipping charges and estimates your order will leave our warehouse within 5 days of being placed. shipping charges and estimates can be found on product pages (see the “shipping info” link near the add to cart button). delivery options treadmills and velocore bike 16" once shipped from our regional warehouse, your order will be in transit to the delivery hub closest to your location. you will receive email updates and optional text notifications from our delivery partner regarding shipment progress. you can then schedule the delivery time that best fits your schedule. (please be on the lookout for phone calls from our delivery partner.) deliveries are performed from 9 a.m. to 5 p.m. local time, monday through friday. signature required at the time of delivery. standard delivery delivery will be performed by placing the item in front of the main entrance, porch, garage or driveway. it will not include room of choice or any steps. the two-person crew must be able to safely move the item with a hand-powered pallet jack or two-wheeled cart to the garage or house for this to be performed. if the driver cannot safely perform this delivery for any reason (including but not limited to: steepness of driveway or sidewalk, insufficient paved or concrete surface, lack of ground level option, or snow or ice on the sidewalk or driveway), the buyer will be responsible to accept the item at the street or the point closest to the residence that the driver can safely reach. the delivery crew will complete a thorough delivery checklist to make sure there is no damage to your equipment. in the unlikely case that your product has been damaged or you need a replacement part, the delivery crew can assist you in opening a case with our customer experience team. in the event of a return, customer will be subject to return shipping costs of $155 and restocking fee of up to 20%. room of choice delivery includes delivery to the room of choice (including one flight of stairs). if your delivery location requires multiple flights of stairs, please contact our sales team at 800-618-8853 or bowflex.sales@bowflex.com. the delivery crew will complete a thorough unboxing checklist to make sure there is no damage to your equipment. in the unlikely case that your product has been damaged or you need a replacement part, the delivery crew can assist you in opening a case with our customer experience team. delivery with assembly includes delivery to the room of choice (including one flight of stairs), unpacking, full assembly and packaging removal. if your order includes accessories or add-on items, the customer is responsible for installation. if your delivery location requires multiple flights of stairs, please contact our sales team at 800-618-8853 or bowflex.sales@bowflex.com. the delivery crew will complete a thorough unboxing checklist to make sure there is no damage to your equipment. in the unlikely case that your product has been damaged or you need a replacement part, the delivery crew can assist you in opening a case with our customer experience team. all other products standard delivery deliveries are made every day of the week. delivery with assembly (see product page for availability) once shipped from our regional warehouse, your order will be in transit to the delivery hub closest to your location. you will receive email updates and optional text notifications from our delivery partner regarding shipment progress. you can then schedule the delivery time that best fits your schedule. (please be on the lookout for phone calls from our delivery partner.) deliveries are performed from 9 a.m. to 5 p.m. local time, monday through friday. signature required at the time of delivery. includes delivery to the room of choice (including one flight of stairs), unpacking, full assembly and packaging removal. if your delivery location requires multiple flights of stairs, please contact our sales team at 800-618-8853 or bowflex.sales@bowflex.com. if your order includes accessories or add-on items, the customer is responsible for installation. the delivery crew will complete a thorough unboxing checklist to make sure there is no damage to your equipment. in the unlikely case that your product has been damaged or you need a replacement part, the delivery crew can assist you in opening a case with our customer experience team. delivery restrictions and disclaimers delivery is available within the contiguous united states. delivery is not available to p.o. boxes, apo/fpo addresses, u.s. territories, or international destinations. if you change the shipping address after your order has been processed you are responsible for any additional shipping costs that apply. bowflex is not responsible for failures or delays in delivery due to weather, incorrect delivery address provided, or circumstances outside our control. during the winter months and key holiday seasons, your shipment may take slightly longer due to volume, inventory, weather and/or holiday office closures. we will do our best to get your new product to you asap, but some situations are out of our control. if there is a shipping delay, we will notify you as soon as we can. thank you for understanding. taxes companies selling over the internet are subject to the same tax collection requirements as other retailers. the federal internet tax moratorium prohibits the imposition of new taxes on the internet itself and things like internet access services. it doesn't change the applicability of state and local taxes to sales transactions on the web. accordingly, bowflex collects sales/use taxes on the sale of products on our web site(s) based on applicable tax rates and laws. merchandise subject to sales tax based on the applicable state sales tax rate for orders delivered to al, az, ca, dc, ia, id, la, ma, md, me, ok, ut, va, and wy. merchandise plus shipping and handling charges subject to sales tax based on the applicable state sales tax rate for orders delivered to ar, co, ct, fl, ga, hi, il, in, ks, ky, mi, mn, mo, ms, nc, nd, ne, nj, nm, nv, ny, oh, pa, ri, sc, sd, tn, tx, vt, wa, wi, and wv. sales tax is not charged for orders delivered to ak, de, mt, nh and or. the amount of tax charged on your order will depend upon many factors including the type of item purchased and destination of the shipment. factors can change between the time you place an order and the time of credit card charge authorization, which could affect the calculation of sales taxes. please note: order totals calculated during checkout show estimated tax amounts only. final, actual, tax amounts will appear on your order invoice based on the tax rates and rules applicable when your order is shipped. the adaptive fitness membership that evolves with you. explore jrny 800-618-8853 details parts & tech support in-warranty product support monday-friday: 6 a.m.–3 p.m. pdt* saturday & sunday: closed out-of-warranty product support monday-friday: 6 a.m.–5 p.m. pdt* saturday & sunday: closed sales monday - friday: 7 a.m. - 5 p.m. pdt* saturday & sunday: closed *hours may vary on holidays. check our customer service page for holiday hours. support home shop product guide financing shipping information return policy protection plan replacement parts retail partners support customer service order status faqs product manuals getting started videos product registration accessibility statement connect affiliate program stay connected unlock your potential alongside other dedicated individuals. bowflex blog workouts wellness recipes safe checkout secure using ssl encrypted connection. get the latest offers and fitness tips. email address sign me up! this site is protected by recaptcha and the google privacy policy and terms of service apply. thanks for signing up.we'll keep you posted on the latest tips, product updates, and special offers. shop our brands privacy policy do not sell my personal information terms of use user generated content agreement copyright © 2025 johnson health tech retail, inc. all rights reserved.