来源URL: https://web.archive.org/web/20161114143647/https://www.thegardengates.com/blogs/news
================================================================================

news– the garden gates get ready for spring - with our price price match guarantee. order online today! shop now close dropdown trigger my account my wishlist customer service call - 877-780-6699 customer service call - 877-780-6699 my cart 0 your cart is currently empty. continue shopping total $0.00 checkout now or view cart my wishlist login email address* password* register everything for the home. fast free delivery to your home or office. search home bedding bedding by brand bella notte linens pom pom at home bedding quick ship bedding by style duvets & dust ruffles coverlets & blankets decorative pillows & shams fitted & flat sheets bella notte quick ship baby bedding featured products add to wishlist quick view bella notte linens 2017 sale preview guide $0.00 home accents notecards + postcards jewelry kitchen + dinning picture frames throw pillows+blankets southern candles vases + bowls wall decor featured products add to wishlist quick view sugarboo deisgns a true friend notecards $25.00 patio patio accessories fire pits + bowls garden signs hanging baskets hose pots + storage bins pot risers rain chains rugs stepping stones supplies + tools wind chimes patio furniture chaise lounge chairs club chairs coffee + end tables dining tables + chairs ottomans sofas + sectionals lounge collections metal outdoor furniture rattan outdoor furniture wood outdoor furniture patio umbrellas aluminum umbrellas cantilever umbrellas commerical umbrellas speciality umbrellas umbrella base umbrella covers umbrella lights grills bull grills grill dome primo grills grill accessories tec grills outdoor lighting all lighting lamps+posts solar caps+accessories outdoor candleholders shop by brand mayne outdoor accessories sunset west outdoor furniture treasure garden outdoor umbrellas cane-line patio furniture featured products add to wishlist quick view campania international awakening garden statue $229.99 outdoor decor benches & tables console tables garden benches outdoor gatherings outdoor tables birdbaths birdbaths birdfeeders decorative birdbaths large birdbaths patio birdbaths fountains 2 tiered fountains 3 tiered fountains 4 tiered fountains ceramic fountains estate fountains faux bois fountains figure fountains large fountains modern fountains patio fountains table top fountains wall fountains fountain supplies planters cast stone planters ceramic planters fiber cement fiberglass planters garden planters iron planters lite® avantgarde lite® planters modular planters plastic planters urns urns & pedestals window box planters statues all statues animal statues asian statues bird statues cat statues college mascot statues dog statues figure statues gnome statues mythical statues religious statues zen frog statues outdoor accessories address signs birdfeeders cupolas mailboxes raised garden beds pedestals wall plaques weathervanes estate fountains add to wishlist quick view campania international luberon estate fountain $5,099.99 holiday christmas trees all trees christmas trees no lights christmas trees with lights fraser fur multi colored lights flocked flocked light flocked - multi colored lights holiday greens holiday wreaths holiday garland holiday mantels holiday swags holiday poinsettias fall wreaths magnolia wreath company add to wishlist quick view advent calendar wreath from $68.00 fast finds bedding bedding by brand bedding quick ship bedding by style furniture + lighting gifts + accessories kitchen tools kitchen decor notecards + postcards picture frames patio patio accessories patio furniture patio umbrellas grills outdoor lighting shop by brand outdoor decor benches & tables birdbaths fountains planters statues outdoor accessories birdbaths birdbaths birdfeeders decorative birdbaths large birdbaths patio birdbaths fountains 2 tiered fountains 3 tiered fountains 4 tiered fountains ceramic fountains estate fountains faux bois fountains figure fountains large fountains modern fountains patio fountains table top fountains wall fountains fountain supplies statues all statues animal statues asian statues bird statues cat statues college mascot statues dog statues figure statues gnome statues mythical statues religious statues zen frog statues plants + flowering gifts floral plants fresh cut wreaths lacquer wreaths blog top picks for you featured products add to wishlist quick view sugarboo designs to the moon and back from $280.00 blog free shipping on all orders. no minimum purchase required.* learn more here home / news recent articles christmas trees- we deliver the holidays with a click of a button september 30, 2017 team mascot- shadow and george september 23, 2017 fall wreaths september 10, 2017 tags all 31 best garden fountains aiden harris angel statues ashton harris at home with beth and chad bella notte linens beth harris beth harris interior design beth harris interiors beth harris relish new orleans bethkendallharris.com birdbath fountain brass baron camellia birdbath fountain campania finishes campania fountains campania international campania international winter care campania patinas campania urns cast stone pedestals ceramic planters chad harris the garden gates christmas tree flocking christmas tree shortage 2017 christmas trees christmas trees with colored lights closerie wall fountain coupon coupon code courtyard fountain decorating del rey fountain door decor duvets echo park fountain estate fountains europe 2 you fall wreaths faro lite® square planter garden fountains garden gate reviews garden gnome garden statues george holiday home decor jacqueline elizabeth 'beth' kendall-harris kitchen decor large garden fountains lite® planters by campania luberon estate fountain marais wall fountain master plans modern fountains olive tree olive tree reviews order christmas trees online order olive tree outdoor space outdoor urns patio decor patio fountains pedestals prism planter relish relish new orleans shadow sugarboo designs table top fountains tall prism planter the garden gates the garden gates online reviews topiaries trelliage fountain types of garden fountains umbrella umbrellas urns urns with pedestals vence wall fountain wall fountain wall fountains website launch where can i buy a real olive tree? winter care www.relishneworleans.com zen frog zen frog statues news christmas trees- we deliver the holidays with a click of a button posted on sep 30, 2017 by chad harris the garden gates christmas trees the garden gates christmas trees are hand selected in north carolina near boone mountain. thegardengates.com offers hand-selected fraser fir christmas trees that are grown in the boone, north carolina region. each tree is carefully hand pruned, fertilized, and nurtured over the year to provide a beautiful holiday for families in metairie and new orleans. the garden gates simplified the process with online ordering to take the stress out of the holidays. the garden gates has added several new additions to their christmas tree program. this year you can order christmas trees with white lights as well as multicolored lights. in addition to trees with lights, they offer flocked trees, flocked trees with lights, and flocked trees with multi-colored lights. learn more about the garden gates christmas trees by visiting online here. read more tags : chad harris the garden gates, christmas tree flocking, christmas trees, christmas trees with colored lights, order christmas trees online team mascot- shadow and george posted on sep 23, 2017 by chad harris team mascot- shadow and george these two clowns are the love our of lives at thegardengates.com.  they work seven days a week at our main office keeping the humans in line. they take coffee breaks and share donuts from their favorite place, district donuts. our coupon codes are always combinations of george and shadows names.  you can always use, george or shadow for extra savings. read more tags : coupon, coupon code, george, relish new orleans, shadow, the garden gates fall wreaths posted on sep 10, 2017 by chad harris selecting fall wreaths our collection of fall wreath for the home will add the perfect touch of fall to any room or door.  handmade from magnolia leaves that are harvested in florida from a tree farm, are carefully selected with you in mine.  there are several ideas for fall wreaths online at sites like pinterest but if you are looking for really high-quality wreaths, our magnolia wreaths are the best in the industry. types of fall wreaths artifical wreaths dried wreaths handmade wreaths magnolia wreaths chocolate verde wreath one of our favorite classics! lush green accents of hydrangeas, berries, yarrow and birch spring branches create a backdrop for contrasting lotus pods and a chocolate brown double-face satin ribbon. with a background of magnolia leaves cut fresh from the farm, dried and lightly coated with a finish for protection, it is a beauty to be enjoyed for all seasons. learn more. southern style magnolia wreath beckoning to a simpler time where artistry and attention to detail was part of the everyday culture, this stunning wreath evokes a feeling of peaceful beauty with its attractive use of color and texture. set on a natural twig base, this wreath uses dried magnolia, sweet annie, lamb’s ears, mini pomegranates, dried millet grass, globe amaranth, bearded wheat and tansy.  learn more sugarcone wreath magnolia leaves are cut off the farm from specimen magnolia trees and hand-crafted into a beautiful dried magnolia wreath that forms the base for this stunning fall wreath. accented with wisps of rosehip, quince, pinecones, broomcorn and even a few feathers are just some of the elements in this collection. a favorite among staff and customers! learn more. color rush magnolia wreath set to catch the eye with its color and gorgeous grace, this hand-crafted and artisan designed wreath is composed of lotus and mahogany pods, eucalyptus, and burgundy lemon leaf on one side and the simplicity of layered magnolia leaves on the other, to create a stunning design that will become a treasured piece of your home decor. a beautiful thank you, thinking of you, or happy birthday gift! 18" in diameter. natural materials allow for slight size variations. learn more. order a fall wreath today for your home or the perfect gift. read more tags : decorating, door decor, fall wreaths, holiday, the garden gates the garden gates reviews posted on sep 02, 2017 by sara draper the garden gates reviews">shopper approved to survey customers about their buying experience. the reviews are then sent to google and those are displayed in the garden gates advertising for home and garden product sold online.  typically, most customers don't take the time to write a review and the general rule of thumb is that only six percent of  customer actually take the time to complete the review. 4.8 overall satisfaction rating based on 1,012 ratings from actual customers lina p read more tags : aiden harris, ashton harris, at home with beth and chad, beth harris, beth harris interior design, beth harris interiors, beth harris relish new orleans, bethkendallharris.com, chad harris the garden gates, jacqueline elizabeth 'beth' kendall-harris, relish, relish new orleans, the garden gates online reviews christmas trees with colored lights posted on aug 27, 2017 by chad harris oh christmas tree with colored lights the garden gates is now offering christmas trees with colored lights for the first time this holiday season.  customers have begged for years for us to add colored lights to our christmas trees delivered in new orleans and metairie.  adding this additional service to the holiday decor selection gives customer more options for decorating during the holiday season. christmas trees with colored lights details each of our christmas trees with colored lights will have a minimum of 100 lights per vertical height of the tree.  as an example, an eight-foot tree with lights will have a minimum of 800 lights and typically has 1100 -1200 lights due to the girth of the tree. multi colored christmas tree lights 100 incandescent bulbs are spread 2.5 inches apart on green wire, ul listed for indoor/outdoor use 3,000 hours of trouble-free lighting. the set is 21 feet in length 5 sets can safely be connected end-to-end. learn more about christmas trees with multi colored lights here. read more tags : christmas trees, christmas trees with colored lights, order christmas trees online ← 1 2 3 … 29 → need help? we're available at 1-877-780-6699 - email us at expert@thegardengates.com ask the expert shops about us affiliate program privacy policy media inquiries shipping & returns price match about store catalogs relish life on plum kendall & everett sitemap customer service sign in create account view cart my wishlist help contact join our mailing list connect with us to get the latest news & special promotions stay connected facebook twitter google instagram © 2016 thegardengates.com loading... error is added to your shopping cart. is added to your wish list. continue shopping go to cart go to wishlist close availability collection brand limited-time offers, end in: quantity: subtotal add to cart view product details close back to top