来源URL: https://web.archive.org/web/20180823205603/https://www.thegardengates.com/collections/2-tiered-garden-fountains/products/campania-international-caterina-fountain
================================================================================

the garden gates - campania international caterina fountain browse close menu close menu outdoor decor fountains 2 tiered fountains 3 tiered fountains 4 tiered fountains ceramic fountains estate fountains faux bois fountains figure fountains indoor wall fountains large fountains modern fountains wall fountains patio fountains table top fountains fountain supplies planters cast stone planters cast stone urns cast stone urns + pedestals ceramic planters concrete lite fiber cement fiberglass planters garden planters iron planters lite® planters modular planters plastic planters terra cotta planters window box planters zinc planters benches+tables console tables garden benches garden pedestals outdoor gatherings outdoor tables birdbaths birdbaths birdfeeders decorative birdbaths large birdbaths patio birdbaths statues all statues animal statues asian statues bird statues cat statues college mascot statues dog statues figure statues gnome statues mythical statues religious statues zen frog statues patio patio accessories door mats + boot trays fire pits + bowls garden signs hanging baskets hose pots + storage bins outdoor rugs play sets pot risers rain chains stepping stones sundials supplies + tools wind chimes patio furniture chaise lounge chairs club chairs coffee + end tables dining tables + chairs ottomans sofas + sectionals lounge collections metal outdoor furniture rattan outdoor furniture wood outdoor furniture outdoor hammocks planters cast stone planters cast stone urns cast stone urns + pedestals ceramic planters concrete lite fiber cement fiberglass planters garden planters iron planters lite® planters modular planters plastic planters terra cotta planters window box planters zinc planters patio umbrellas aluminum umbrellas cantilever umbrellas commerical umbrellas speciality umbrellas umbrella base umbrella covers umbrella lights outdoor rugs outdoor lighting all lighting lamps+posts solar caps+accessories outdoor candleholders fast finds bella notte linens coverlets + duvets dust ruffles + bed skirts shams + pillows sheets + pillowcases patio patio accessories patio furniture patio umbrellas grills outdoor lighting shop by brand outdoor decor benches & tables birdbaths fountains outdoor accessories planters statues fountains 2 tiered fountains 3 tiered fountains 4 tiered fountains ceramic fountains estate fountains faux bois fountains figure fountains indoor wall fountains large fountains modern fountains wall fountains patio fountains table top fountains fountain supplies statues all statues animal statues asian statues bird statues cat statues college mascot statues dog statues figure statues gnome statues mythical statues religious statues zen frog statues patio furniture chaise lounge chairs club chairs coffee + end tables dining tables + chairs ottomans sofas + sectionals lounge collections metal outdoor furniture rattan outdoor furniture wood outdoor furniture outdoor hammocks home accents home decor & gifts notecards + post cards pet accessories picture frames rugs + flooring southern candles throw pillows + blankets vases + bowls wall decor art for children colorful art work indoor wall fountains inspirational wall art prints + pictures lighting table lamps chandeliers floor lamps home entry features indoor planters mailboxes + address signs indoor wreaths welcome mats bella notte linens bedding by fabric cotton fabrics linen fabrics satin + tencel fabrics silk + velvet fabrics bedding by style coverlets + blankets decorative pillows + shams duvets + dust ruffles fitted + flat sheets bedding quick ship coverlets + duvets dust ruffles + bed skirts shams + pillows sheets + pillowcases news my account cart "close cart" coupon code: shadow copy code usd usd usd news my account 0 your cart is empty. shop now free shipping over $x to 0 usd usd usd outdoor decor fountains 2 tiered fountains 3 tiered fountains 4 tiered fountains ceramic fountains estate fountains faux bois fountains figure fountains indoor wall fountains large fountains modern fountains wall fountains patio fountains table top fountains fountain supplies planters cast stone planters cast stone urns cast stone urns + pedestals ceramic planters concrete lite fiber cement fiberglass planters garden planters iron planters lite® planters modular planters plastic planters terra cotta planters window box planters zinc planters benches+tables console tables garden benches garden pedestals outdoor gatherings outdoor tables birdbaths birdbaths birdfeeders decorative birdbaths large birdbaths patio birdbaths statues all statues animal statues asian statues bird statues cat statues college mascot statues dog statues figure statues gnome statues mythical statues religious statues zen frog statues shipping & returns » price match » campania international beaufort fountain $8,499.99 campania international monteros fountain $3,399.99 patio patio accessories door mats + boot trays fire pits + bowls garden signs hanging baskets hose pots + storage bins outdoor rugs play sets pot risers rain chains stepping stones sundials supplies + tools wind chimes patio furniture chaise lounge chairs club chairs coffee + end tables dining tables + chairs ottomans sofas + sectionals lounge collections metal outdoor furniture rattan outdoor furniture wood outdoor furniture outdoor hammocks planters cast stone planters cast stone urns cast stone urns + pedestals ceramic planters concrete lite fiber cement fiberglass planters garden planters iron planters lite® planters modular planters plastic planters terra cotta planters window box planters zinc planters patio umbrellas aluminum umbrellas cantilever umbrellas commerical umbrellas speciality umbrellas umbrella base umbrella covers umbrella lights outdoor rugs outdoor lighting all lighting lamps+posts solar caps+accessories outdoor candleholders shipping & returns » price match » sunset west provence outdoor chaise lounge with cushions $1,347.00 curved folding chaise lounger $127.99 fast finds bella notte linens coverlets + duvets dust ruffles + bed skirts shams + pillows sheets + pillowcases patio patio accessories patio furniture patio umbrellas grills outdoor lighting shop by brand outdoor decor benches & tables birdbaths fountains outdoor accessories planters statues fountains 2 tiered fountains 3 tiered fountains 4 tiered fountains ceramic fountains estate fountains faux bois fountains figure fountains indoor wall fountains large fountains modern fountains wall fountains patio fountains table top fountains fountain supplies statues all statues animal statues asian statues bird statues cat statues college mascot statues dog statues figure statues gnome statues mythical statues religious statues zen frog statues patio furniture chaise lounge chairs club chairs coffee + end tables dining tables + chairs ottomans sofas + sectionals lounge collections metal outdoor furniture rattan outdoor furniture wood outdoor furniture outdoor hammocks shipping & returns » price match » sugarboo designs for the one i love paper cuff $45.00 sugarboo designs to the moon and back $280.00 home accents home decor & gifts notecards + post cards pet accessories picture frames rugs + flooring southern candles throw pillows + blankets vases + bowls wall decor art for children colorful art work indoor wall fountains inspirational wall art prints + pictures lighting table lamps chandeliers floor lamps home entry features indoor planters mailboxes + address signs indoor wreaths welcome mats shipping & returns » price match » sugarboo designs 'always keep your beautiful' art print $320.00 sugarboo designs always art print $80.00 bella notte linens bedding by fabric cotton fabrics linen fabrics satin + tencel fabrics silk + velvet fabrics bedding by style coverlets + blankets decorative pillows + shams duvets + dust ruffles fitted + flat sheets bedding quick ship coverlets + duvets dust ruffles + bed skirts shams + pillows sheets + pillowcases shipping & returns » price match » bella notte linens adele pillow shams with silk velvet piping quick ship $180.00 bella notte linens adele coverlet with silk velvet edge - quick ship $550.00 mon-fri 9am-5pm central 1-877-780-6699 : : : home / 2 tiered garden fountains share tweet pin it +1 share tweet pin it +1 campania international caterina fountain sold in last hours notify me when this product is available: i agree to subscribe to updates from the garden gates - privacy policy your price: $1,209.99 ft-192 aged limestone - $1,209.99 usd alpine stone - $1,209.99 usd brownstone - $1,209.99 usd copper bronze - $1,209.99 usd english moss - $1,209.99 usd ferro rustico nuovo - $1,209.99 usd grey stone - $1,209.99 usd natural - $1,209.99 usd pietra nuova - $1,209.99 usd nera nuovo - $1,209.99 usd travertine - $1,209.99 usd verde - $1,209.99 usd lead antique - $1,209.99 usd french limestone - $1,209.99 usd quantity add to cart view cart quantity remaining: 80 of 100 sold viewing this product 4 great reasons to buy from us: caterina fountain by campania international due to the popularity of this piece, there is an extended lead time for production. please contact orders@thegardengates.com for more precise details. the caterina fountain is available in your choice of classic and distinct patinas, each applied by hand. shown in brown stone. durably constructed of high-quality fiber-reinforced cast stone concrete, the caterina fountain is designed to last a lifetime. there is no substitute for luxury home and garden decor. our pieces provide value pricing, premium materials, unique designer detail, and superior craftsmanship. all of our campania international fountains are manufactured entirely in the usa. made in the usa from premium cast stone concrete. includes ul-listed pump. no plumbing is needed. water recirculates within the fountain. the black, six-foot cord plugs into any standard 3-prong electrical outlet. campania international caterina fountain is 32.25 inches wide, 52.5 inches tall and weighs 446 pounds. pump included and installation instructions cast stone and concrete construction- ideal for outdoor use campania international caterina fountain is shown in the brownstone (br) patina no plumbing needed-no additional water source. pump recirculates water ships ltl freight carrier for free standard curbside delivery recommended fountain cover - large all campania international pieces are stained to order. this process takes 10-14 business days to complete and to prepare for safe shipment. order the campania international caterina fountain with free curbside delivery to your home from thegardengates.com today. winter care: items should not be able to collect water or debris, and they can be stored indoors during the winter if desired. protect your fountain from damage during freezing weather using one of our fountain covers. we recommend removing the pump if possible to protect the internal parts. drain and cover bird baths and cover statues. planters can be left planted; however, they should be lifted off the ground so that they do not freeze to the ground. caterina fountain stand alone installation preparation instruction: dig 1 rectangular area 25 inches long by 25 inches wide fill excavated area with gravel or stepping-stone. tamp and level make sure to leave a 1-inch channel 1 inch in width to allow pump cord room install electrical fountain pump and pump plug and seal place basin in prepared fountain area complete the remaining assembly and let dry for 24 hours before filling description caterina fountain by campania international due to the popularity of this piece, there is an extended lead time for production. please contact orders@thegardengates.com for more precise details. the caterina fountain is available in your choice of classic and distinct patinas, each applied by hand. shown in brown stone. durably constructed of high-quality fiber-reinforced cast stone concrete, the caterina fountain is designed to last a lifetime. there is no substitute for luxury home and garden decor. our pieces provide value pricing, premium materials, unique designer detail, and superior craftsmanship. all of our campania international fountains are manufactured entirely in the usa. made in the usa from premium cast stone concrete. includes ul-listed pump. no plumbing is needed. water recirculates within the fountain. the black, six-foot cord plugs into any standard 3-prong electrical outlet. campania international caterina fountain is 32.25 inches wide, 52.5 inches tall and weighs 446 pounds. pump included and installation instructions cast stone and concrete construction- ideal for outdoor use campania international caterina fountain is shown in the brownstone (br) patina no plumbing needed-no additional water source. pump recirculates water ships ltl freight carrier for free standard curbside delivery recommended fountain cover - large all campania international pieces are stained to order. this process takes 10-14 business days to complete and to prepare for safe shipment. order the campania international caterina fountain with free curbside delivery to your home from thegardengates.com today. winter care: items should not be able to collect water or debris, and they can be stored indoors during the winter if desired. protect your fountain from damage during freezing weather using one of our fountain covers. we recommend removing the pump if possible to protect the internal parts. drain and cover bird baths and cover statues. planters can be left planted; however, they should be lifted off the ground so that they do not freeze to the ground. caterina fountain stand alone installation preparation instruction: dig 1 rectangular area 25 inches long by 25 inches wide fill excavated area with gravel or stepping-stone. tamp and level make sure to leave a 1-inch channel 1 inch in width to allow pump cord room install electrical fountain pump and pump plug and seal place basin in prepared fountain area complete the remaining assembly and let dry for 24 hours before filling about us our story the garden gates offers the best in home and garden products -  fountains, statues, pottery, benches, candles, outdoor furniture, indoor living items, bird baths, gifts and more.  our products are a collection of french country and shabby chic to match today's perfect home. through the philosophies of building a better box, attracting and retaining talented and dedicated individuals, and creating the perfect demand for our customers, the garden gates exemplifies how inspiration can come alive. it all started in 1984 or so, chad harris became fascinated with gardens. he was living on an island that had a beautiful, glass english greenhouse.  during the summer months, he would plant different seedlings from the grounds. and watch than ever so carefully grow.  as luck would have it, most would die.  but once in a while, he would hit the jackpot with some type of green plant.  later in life, his mother would tell the same story to friends and, lo and behold, these green plants were really just common weeds from the garden. on his 11th birthday, it all came to him; he could make money the old-fashioned way, mowing neighborhood lawns.  during these early years, he became inspired by flowering gardens and the changes they encountered.  years later, his love-- or fascination--with gardening became alive.  he found himself dreaming of a place for everyone to enjoy.  this became reality when the garden gate open a retail store in metairie, la. the garden gate retail store opened in 1990 with co-founders chad everett harris and jacqueline elizabeth 'beth' kendall-harris. the husband-and-wife team sought to start a retail operation that complemented both chad's gardening and landscape design acumen and beth's eye for style and design. beth played an instrumental role in product development, interior design and the fine-tuning the core principles of the garden gates lifestyle, while chad was the brains behind the creativity of the brand, marketing, and technology of the business. over the years, the garden gate was a destination in the old metairie neighborhood located in southern louisiana.  during 2015, the harris' met an impasse with their landlord and were unable to negotiate the continued property lease.  this resulted in the retail store closing and it was heartbreaking for everyone, our family, our staff, and our community. today in the summer of 2015, after their parents closed the retail store, aiden and ashton harris, took their parents' entrepreneurship lead and launched a brand new fully functional online destination featuring the best in home & garden decor. thegardengates.com has a team of landscape architects, designers, and lifestyle enthusiast that assist customers nationwide. the history of the garden gates is being written as we speak; it’s constant re-evaluation and brainstorming, we try every day to make the garden gates better. it is not enough for us just to be good at what we do or even the best at what we do. it’s about doing things so out of the ordinary that remarkable results are created.  the success in the garden gates resonates in the ingredients of the best team, outstanding products and a community that supports the efforts, our opportunities are endless. featured brands the garden gates offers the best in home and garden decor that is delivered to your home, office, or project. each of the brands we offer is selected because of their quality, customer service, and warranties. the garden gates featured brands bella notte linens campania international europe2you henri studios delivery and returns please allow 3-14 days for your order to arrive. we source products from all over the world to bring you epic offers and the lowest prices. this means sometimes you have to wait a little longer to get your order but it's always worth it! returns are easy, simply contact us for a returns number and send your item to our returns centre for fast processing. we'll get you a replacement or refund in a snap! why buy from us here are 5 more great reasons to buy from us: you get a full 365 days to return your item once your new home & garden product arrives, if you've changed your mind or for no reason whatsoever simply send it back to us, as long as it's not a custom order, give us a call and we will help get the return processed. returns are easy, simply contact us for a returns number and send your item to our returns centre for fast processing. we'll get you a replacement or refund in a snap! in the unlikely event that you find your item cheaper at another online store, just let us know and we'll beat the competitor's pricing hands-down. we insist that you love everything you buy from us. if you're unhappy for any reason whatsoever, just let us know and we'll bend over backwards to make things right again. ordering from the garden gates is 100% safe and secure so you can rest easy. your personal details are never shared, sold or rented to anyone either. price match price guarantee policy: we work very hard to ensure that we offer the absolute best prices online.  if you find another online store that offers a lower price then us within sixty days of your purchase date, please let us know, and we will refund your original payment for the difference.  we want you to feel confident that you are getting the absolute best price for the product you are ordering.  if you find that our website has a lower price for the same item you have ordered within sixty days of your purchase date will refund the difference as well. to request your partial refund simply e-mail us( price@thegardengates.com) a link to the same product on our website, or on our competitor's website within 60 days from the date of your order and we will process the credit accordingly. our 100% price guarantee details: you must purchase the item from our website before requesting your price match guarantee promotions such as rebates and buy one, get one free offer are not eligible the item must be in stock on the competitor's website the competitor must be an online store; they may not have a retail location the website can not be a discounter or auction website (i.e., ebay, amazon, shopzilla, overstock, etc..) the competitor must be an authorized retailer for the product in question the price match guarantee includes the item price and the shipping charges, ligft gate services, packing, and handling charges; it excludes sales tax if you have any questions, please feel free to contact us via email or call 877-780-6699 how to order how do i place an order with the garden gates online? find your product.use our keyword search to locate the product you are looking for or browse through our collections of products to find the right one for your lifestyle. select any necessary details. what color? which size? how many are you ordering? make sure you understand all of your choices when making your selection. add products to cart.if you need to add more items to your cart continue shopping, and if you’re ready to make your purchase head to the secure checkout.  all products on thegardengates.com ship for free. provide shipping and billing information. select your payment method and fill out your current billing and shipping addresses. you will need to provide a credit card number with expiration date and security code for payment, unless you are paying with paypal. make sure to leave us any special instructions or comments in the space provided, add a coupon code if you have one and select the preferred shipping method. make sure all your details are correct!  your credit card is charged at the time the order is placed before the item is shipped. complete your order. once you have submitted your order, you will receive an email confirmation with an order number and all of the order’s details for review - keep this email for your records and reference. you will be charged when you submit your order. you will receive another email when your order ships, which will contain the tracking number and delivery information. it is a good idea to keep this information as well until your order arrives. reviews description about us delivery and returns why buy from us price match how to order reviews caterina fountain by campania international due to the popularity of this piece, there is an extended lead time for production. please contact orders@thegardengates.com for more precise details. the caterina fountain is available in your choice of classic and distinct patinas, each applied by hand. shown in brown stone. durably constructed of high-quality fiber-reinforced cast stone concrete, the caterina fountain is designed to last a lifetime. there is no substitute for luxury home and garden decor. our pieces provide value pricing, premium materials, unique designer detail, and superior craftsmanship. all of our campania international fountains are manufactured entirely in the usa. made in the usa from premium cast stone concrete. includes ul-listed pump. no plumbing is needed. water recirculates within the fountain. the black, six-foot cord plugs into any standard 3-prong electrical outlet. campania international caterina fountain is 32.25 inches wide, 52.5 inches tall and weighs 446 pounds. pump included and installation instructions cast stone and concrete construction- ideal for outdoor use campania international caterina fountain is shown in the brownstone (br) patina no plumbing needed-no additional water source. pump recirculates water ships ltl freight carrier for free standard curbside delivery recommended fountain cover - large all campania international pieces are stained to order. this process takes 10-14 business days to complete and to prepare for safe shipment. order the campania international caterina fountain with free curbside delivery to your home from thegardengates.com today. winter care: items should not be able to collect water or debris, and they can be stored indoors during the winter if desired. protect your fountain from damage during freezing weather using one of our fountain covers. we recommend removing the pump if possible to protect the internal parts. drain and cover bird baths and cover statues. planters can be left planted; however, they should be lifted off the ground so that they do not freeze to the ground. caterina fountain stand alone installation preparation instruction: dig 1 rectangular area 25 inches long by 25 inches wide fill excavated area with gravel or stepping-stone. tamp and level make sure to leave a 1-inch channel 1 inch in width to allow pump cord room install electrical fountain pump and pump plug and seal place basin in prepared fountain area complete the remaining assembly and let dry for 24 hours before filling our story the garden gates offers the best in home and garden products -  fountains, statues, pottery, benches, candles, outdoor furniture, indoor living items, bird baths, gifts and more.  our products are a collection of french country and shabby chic to match today's perfect home. through the philosophies of building a better box, attracting and retaining talented and dedicated individuals, and creating the perfect demand for our customers, the garden gates exemplifies how inspiration can come alive. it all started in 1984 or so, chad harris became fascinated with gardens. he was living on an island that had a beautiful, glass english greenhouse.  during the summer months, he would plant different seedlings from the grounds. and watch than ever so carefully grow.  as luck would have it, most would die.  but once in a while, he would hit the jackpot with some type of green plant.  later in life, his mother would tell the same story to friends and, lo and behold, these green plants were really just common weeds from the garden. on his 11th birthday, it all came to him; he could make money the old-fashioned way, mowing neighborhood lawns.  during these early years, he became inspired by flowering gardens and the changes they encountered.  years later, his love-- or fascination--with gardening became alive.  he found himself dreaming of a place for everyone to enjoy.  this became reality when the garden gate open a retail store in metairie, la. the garden gate retail store opened in 1990 with co-founders chad everett harris and jacqueline elizabeth 'beth' kendall-harris. the husband-and-wife team sought to start a retail operation that complemented both chad's gardening and landscape design acumen and beth's eye for style and design. beth played an instrumental role in product development, interior design and the fine-tuning the core principles of the garden gates lifestyle, while chad was the brains behind the creativity of the brand, marketing, and technology of the business. over the years, the garden gate was a destination in the old metairie neighborhood located in southern louisiana.  during 2015, the harris' met an impasse with their landlord and were unable to negotiate the continued property lease.  this resulted in the retail store closing and it was heartbreaking for everyone, our family, our staff, and our community. today in the summer of 2015, after their parents closed the retail store, aiden and ashton harris, took their parents' entrepreneurship lead and launched a brand new fully functional online destination featuring the best in home & garden decor. thegardengates.com has a team of landscape architects, designers, and lifestyle enthusiast that assist customers nationwide. the history of the garden gates is being written as we speak; it’s constant re-evaluation and brainstorming, we try every day to make the garden gates better. it is not enough for us just to be good at what we do or even the best at what we do. it’s about doing things so out of the ordinary that remarkable results are created.  the success in the garden gates resonates in the ingredients of the best team, outstanding products and a community that supports the efforts, our opportunities are endless. featured brands the garden gates offers the best in home and garden decor that is delivered to your home, office, or project. each of the brands we offer is selected because of their quality, customer service, and warranties. the garden gates featured brands bella notte linens campania international europe2you henri studios please allow 3-14 days for your order to arrive. we source products from all over the world to bring you epic offers and the lowest prices. this means sometimes you have to wait a little longer to get your order but it's always worth it! returns are easy, simply contact us for a returns number and send your item to our returns centre for fast processing. we'll get you a replacement or refund in a snap! here are 5 more great reasons to buy from us: you get a full 365 days to return your item once your new home & garden product arrives, if you've changed your mind or for no reason whatsoever simply send it back to us, as long as it's not a custom order, give us a call and we will help get the return processed. returns are easy, simply contact us for a returns number and send your item to our returns centre for fast processing. we'll get you a replacement or refund in a snap! in the unlikely event that you find your item cheaper at another online store, just let us know and we'll beat the competitor's pricing hands-down. we insist that you love everything you buy from us. if you're unhappy for any reason whatsoever, just let us know and we'll bend over backwards to make things right again. ordering from the garden gates is 100% safe and secure so you can rest easy. your personal details are never shared, sold or rented to anyone either. price guarantee policy: we work very hard to ensure that we offer the absolute best prices online.  if you find another online store that offers a lower price then us within sixty days of your purchase date, please let us know, and we will refund your original payment for the difference.  we want you to feel confident that you are getting the absolute best price for the product you are ordering.  if you find that our website has a lower price for the same item you have ordered within sixty days of your purchase date will refund the difference as well. to request your partial refund simply e-mail us( price@thegardengates.com) a link to the same product on our website, or on our competitor's website within 60 days from the date of your order and we will process the credit accordingly. our 100% price guarantee details: you must purchase the item from our website before requesting your price match guarantee promotions such as rebates and buy one, get one free offer are not eligible the item must be in stock on the competitor's website the competitor must be an online store; they may not have a retail location the website can not be a discounter or auction website (i.e., ebay, amazon, shopzilla, overstock, etc..) the competitor must be an authorized retailer for the product in question the price match guarantee includes the item price and the shipping charges, ligft gate services, packing, and handling charges; it excludes sales tax if you have any questions, please feel free to contact us via email or call 877-780-6699 how do i place an order with the garden gates online? find your product.use our keyword search to locate the product you are looking for or browse through our collections of products to find the right one for your lifestyle. select any necessary details. what color? which size? how many are you ordering? make sure you understand all of your choices when making your selection. add products to cart.if you need to add more items to your cart continue shopping, and if you’re ready to make your purchase head to the secure checkout.  all products on thegardengates.com ship for free. provide shipping and billing information. select your payment method and fill out your current billing and shipping addresses. you will need to provide a credit card number with expiration date and security code for payment, unless you are paying with paypal. make sure to leave us any special instructions or comments in the space provided, add a coupon code if you have one and select the preferred shipping method. make sure all your details are correct!  your credit card is charged at the time the order is placed before the item is shipped. complete your order. once you have submitted your order, you will receive an email confirmation with an order number and all of the order’s details for review - keep this email for your records and reference. you will be charged when you submit your order. you will receive another email when your order ships, which will contain the tracking number and delivery information. it is a good idea to keep this information as well until your order arrives. related products quick buy campania international williamsburg pineapple 2 tier fountain $1,189.99 quick buy campania international jensen fountain $524.99 quick buy campania international hydrangea leaves two tier fountain $1,049.99 quick buy campania international cortile fountain $1,189.99 quick buy campania international acanthus two tiered fountain $1,209.99 campania international caterina fountain $1,209.99 aged limestone - $1,209.99 usd alpine stone - $1,209.99 usd brownstone - $1,209.99 usd copper bronze - $1,209.99 usd english moss - $1,209.99 usd ferro rustico nuovo - $1,209.99 usd grey stone - $1,209.99 usd natural - $1,209.99 usd pietra nuova - $1,209.99 usd nera nuovo - $1,209.99 usd travertine - $1,209.99 usd verde - $1,209.99 usd lead antique - $1,209.99 usd french limestone - $1,209.99 usd add to cart recently viewed don't take our word for it! here's what our customers think: i’ve purchased the henri studio flower girl and boy planters and they are so very well made and gorgeous! if you want to invest in a henri studio, this is definitely well worth the investment. nellie f. this birdbath was delivered in excellent packaging. it is perfect for my small garden and we love it. it is well made and i know we will enjoy it. k grace i purchased it for my husband who served in the navy on the kitty hawk. it is the most beautiful statue i have ever seen. this was for his birthday and they rushed the ordered to get it to him on time. thank you so much! kimberly donald campania international my heart is in the garden birdbath the birdbath was so unique, i fell in love with it the minute i saw it. well crafted and solid, had to have my son help me move it. it was wall packaged for shipping too. i love it, beautiful addition to my garden and it isn't a standard birdbath that everyone has! i bought the alpine stone color, i wanted the concrete look/gray stone, very pleased. mary e. unhappy with your product? we'll take it back! we stand by our high-quality products and your satisfaction is 100% guaranteed. secure checkout we use encrypted ssl security to ensure that your credit card information is 100% protected. stay in the loop keep me in the loop i agree to subscribe to updates from the garden gates - privacy policy become a garden gater insider and get 10% off your order today. plus we'll keep you up-to-date with the latest theme news. about us affiliate program privacy policy media inquiries shipping + returns price match got a question? call us 1-877-780-6699 mon-fri 9am-5pm central © 2019 the garden gates . all rights reserved. added to cart! cart total: continue shopping view my cart secure checkout get 10% your first purchase over $30 get 10% off with code shadow i agree to subscribe to updates from the garden gates - privacy policy by clicking the button you'll 1) you'll confirm you're a genius 2) be kept in the loop about the latest gear and deals. free shipping when you spend another $x to free shipping when you order over xx you have qualified for free shipping spend $x to qualify for free shipping you have achieved free shipping free shipping for over $x to free shipping over $x to you have achieved free shipping free shipping when you order over xx ou have qualified for free shipping