来源URL: https://web.archive.org/web/20180823205603/https://www.thegardengates.com/blogs/news
================================================================================

news– the garden gates get ready for spring - with our price price match guarantee. order online today! shop now close dropdown trigger my account my wishlist customer service call - 877-780-6699 customer service call - 877-780-6699 my cart 0 your cart is currently empty. continue shopping total $0.00 checkout now or view cart my wishlist login email address* password* register everything for the home. fast free delivery to your home or office. search home bedding bedding by brand bella notte linens pom pom at home bedding quick ship bedding by style duvets & dust ruffles coverlets & blankets decorative pillows & shams fitted & flat sheets bella notte quick ship baby bedding featured products add to wishlist quick view bella notte linens linen duvet covers quick ship from $431.00 home accents bedroom furniture kitchen + dining kitchen accessories kitchen linens dining tables livingroom furniture sofas + loveseats chairs + ottomans coffee + side tables buffets + consoles cabinets + storage home decor + gift notecards + post cards picture frames southern candles vases + bowls throw pillows + blankets indoor lighting table lamps chandeliers floor lamps wall decor featured products add to wishlist quick view sugarboo designs bird with cherries art print $250.00 patio patio accessories fire pits + bowls garden signs hanging baskets hose pots + storage bins pot risers rain chains rugs stepping stones supplies + tools wind chimes patio furniture chaise lounge chairs club chairs coffee + end tables dining tables + chairs ottomans sofas + sectionals lounge collections metal outdoor furniture rattan outdoor furniture wood outdoor furniture patio umbrellas aluminum umbrellas cantilever umbrellas commerical umbrellas speciality umbrellas umbrella base umbrella covers umbrella lights grills bull grills grill dome primo grills grill accessories tec grills outdoor lighting all lighting lamps+posts solar caps+accessories outdoor candleholders shop by brand mayne outdoor accessories sunset west outdoor furniture treasure garden outdoor umbrellas cane-line patio furniture featured products add to wishlist quick view henri studio little dreamers soldier statue $184.99 outdoor decor benches & tables console tables garden benches outdoor gatherings outdoor tables birdbaths birdbaths birdfeeders decorative birdbaths large birdbaths patio birdbaths fountains 2 tiered fountains 3 tiered fountains 4 tiered fountains ceramic fountains estate fountains faux bois fountains figure fountains large fountains modern fountains patio fountains table top fountains wall fountains fountain supplies planters cast stone planters ceramic planters fiber cement fiberglass planters garden planters iron planters lite® avantgarde lite® planters modular planters plastic planters urns urns & pedestals window box planters statues all statues animal statues asian statues bird statues cat statues college mascot statues dog statues figure statues gnome statues mythical statues religious statues zen frog statues outdoor accessories address signs birdfeeders brass sculptures cupolas mailboxes raised garden beds pedestals wall plaques weathervanes estate fountains add to wishlist quick view henri studio cascadia fountain in dimensions pool $14,189.99 fast finds bedding bedding by brand bedding quick ship bedding by style furniture + lighting gifts + accessories kitchen tools kitchen decor notecards + postcards picture frames patio patio accessories patio furniture patio umbrellas grills outdoor lighting shop by brand outdoor decor benches & tables birdbaths fountains planters statues outdoor accessories birdbaths birdbaths birdfeeders decorative birdbaths large birdbaths patio birdbaths fountains 2 tiered fountains 3 tiered fountains 4 tiered fountains ceramic fountains estate fountains faux bois fountains figure fountains large fountains modern fountains patio fountains table top fountains wall fountains fountain supplies statues all statues animal statues asian statues bird statues cat statues college mascot statues dog statues figure statues gnome statues mythical statues religious statues zen frog statues plants + flowering gifts floral plants fresh cut wreaths lacquer wreaths blog top picks for you featured products add to wishlist quick view sugarboo designs white heart with white frame $120.00 blog free shipping on all orders. no minimum purchase required.* learn more here home / news recent articles best garden elements of 2018 january 23, 2018 5 gifts under $40 for a gardener october 29, 2017 the best gifts for a gardener october 25, 2017 tags all 31 best garden fountains 7 types of garden fountains aiden harris angel statues ashton harris at home with beth and chad bella notte linens best gifts for a gardener beth harris beth harris interior design beth harris interiors beth harris relish new orleans bethkendallharris.com birdbath fountain brass baron camellia birdbath fountain campania finishes campania fountains campania international campania international winter care campania patinas campania pottery campania urns cast stone pedestals ceramic planters chad harris the garden gates christmas tree flocking christmas tree shortage 2017 christmas trees christmas trees with colored lights closerie wall fountain colorful glazed planters coupon coupon code courtyard fountain decorating del rey fountain door decor duvets echo park fountain estate fountains europe 2 you fall wreaths faro lite® square planter garden fountains garden gate reviews garden gnome garden statues george gifts gifts for a gardener holiday holiday gifts 2017 home decor jacqueline elizabeth 'beth' kendall-harris kitchen decor large garden fountains lite® planters by campania luberon estate fountain marais wall fountain master plans modern fountains olive tree olive tree reviews order christmas trees online order olive tree outdoor space outdoor urns patio decor patio fountains pedestals prism planter relish relish new orleans shadow sugarboo designs table top fountains tall prism planter the garden gates the garden gates online reviews topiaries trelliage fountain types of garden fountains umbrella umbrellas urns urns with pedestals vence wall fountain wall fountain wall fountains website launch where can i buy a real olive tree? winter care www.relishneworleans.com zen frog zen frog statues news best garden elements of 2018 posted on jan 23, 2018 by ashley bel campania international just made winning garden of the month as easy as clicking a button! press release  updated: jan 21, 2018 23:52 cst metairie, la., january 21, 2018 (newswire.com) - the competition of winning garden of the month just got easier with campania international's newest additions for outdoor decor in 2018. campania international are the manufacturers of garden and outdoor decor based in pennsburg, pennsylvania. campania international designs and manufactures beautiful cast stone fountains, planters, statues and benches that are sold in garden centers throughout the united states. the team of landscape architects and garden designers at thegardengates.com have been working with campania international for over 17 years selecting the perfect elements to add to the landscape.  "campania is our number one choice for all outdoor decor on any project," says chad harris, co-founder of thegardengates.com. "the quality, craftsmanship and unique products cannot be matched by any other manufacturer." each year, thegardengates.com selects the top garden elements for the home and garden. the best garden elements for 2018 are chosen based on the following criteria: quality of artistry, functionality, design, and style. campania is our number one choice for all outdoor decor on any project. the quality, craftsmanship and unique products cannot be matched by any other manufacturer. the 2018 best garden elements smithsonian classical urn with barnett pedestal williamsburg pineapple two-tier fountain barn board planter bamboo pagoda hillsworth urn & pedestal antique bulldog statue del rey fountain all campania international pieces are stained to order. this process takes 10- 14 business days to complete and to prepare for safe shipment. order all  campania international garden & outdoor decor products with free curbside delivery to your home from thegardengates.com today. about thegardengates.com the garden gates offers the best in home and garden products - fountains, statues, pottery, benches, candles, outdoor furniture, indoor living items, bird baths, gifts and more. our products are a collection of french country and shabby chic to match today's perfect home. through the philosophies of building a better box, attracting and retaining talented and dedicated individuals and creating the ideal demand for our customers, the garden gates exemplifies how inspiration can come alive. for more information, please contact: chad harris at (504) 833-6699 or charris@thegardengates.com read more 5 gifts under $40 for a gardener posted on oct 29, 2017 by chad harris looking for a great affordable gift for a gardener each holiday season we search for the perfect gift for the gardener in your life but you don't want to purchase another pair of felco pruners.  we have put together a great collection of garden accents and gift ideas that will make any gardener super excited to add these treasure to the garden.  i bet the right gift will make their all-time favorite garden selfie. meet amelia the amelia garden statue never took flight across the great atlantic like amelia earhart. but, "adventure is worthwhile in itself."  the amelia garden statue looks ready for a great adventure as it sits ready for flight in her pilot's outfit.  i am sure the great adventure waits in your garden or patio for this adorable garden statue. amelia garden statue is shown in alpine stone (as) patina amelia garden statue is 4 inches long x 3.25 inches wide x 5.5 inches high and weighs 2 pounds amelia garden statue ships for free in 10-14 days made from cast stone meet the baby baby barn owl statue is all puffed up and ready for winter. this little statue is a fun addition to a winter garden, tuck him in amongst your evergreens for a fun point of interest. the details: shown in alpine stone. available in twelve color finishes. made in the usa of durable cast stone. baby barn owl garden statue is 5.75 inches tall, 4.25 inches wide, and 4 inches long. it weighs 2 pounds. meet our nothern cardinal northern cardinal garden statue by campania international is a smart little fella with a lot of detail, perfect to place amongst the winter and fall planters or even a tabletop display. available in twelve color finishes. made in the usa of durable cast stone. details: northern cardinal garden statue naturally ages weighs 3 lbs ﻿northern cardinal garden statue measures 5 inches long x 4.5 inches wide x 7 inches high shown in alpine stone meet cleo the cat cleo the cat garden statue by campania international is a sweet petite little cat that is perfect for a porch or patio. the details: shown in alpine stone available in twelve color finishes. made in the usa of durable cast stone. cleo garden statue is 4.5 inches tall by 4inches wide by 7.25 inches long, and it weighs 3 pounds. meet the parasol frog statue this parasol frog statue lovely little gal sits perched and ready for a day in the sun. her sweet smile will give you joy every day. made in the usa. made from cast stone 12 finishes available the parasol frog statue is 6 inches tall by 4.25 inches wide by 6.25 inches long, and it weighs 5 pounds. our collection of affordable holiday gifts for the gardener makes shopping easy with just a click of a few buttons.  shop for your gardener at thegardengates.com this holiday season. read more tags : best gifts for a gardener, chad harris the garden gates, holiday gifts 2017 the best gifts for a gardener posted on oct 25, 2017 by chad harris the best gifts for a gardener the garden is an extension of the personality of the gardeners that care for them.  they spend hour after hour weeding, pruning, and planting their favorite specimens to create a growing work of art. as passionate gardeners, we have put together our favorite garden statues that will bring years of enjoyment for the gardener in your life. meet henrietta henrietta garden statue by campania international has the feel of an old garden, perfect for a kitchen garden or vegetable garden. available in twelve color finishes. details: henrietta the chicken garden statue naturally ages henrietta the chicken garden statue weighs 43 lbs henrietta the chicken garden statue measures 13.75 inches long x 7.75 inches wide x 12.5 inches high shown in brown stone ships via fedex meet the snail express sometimes the best way to get around is with someone who understands your pace. this clever snail has hitched a ride on his turtle friend, to win the race against the hare. these lovable characters are sure to bring a smile and a lifetime of enjoyment. the details: shown in alpine stone. available in twelve color finishes. made in the usa of durable cast stone. snail express garden statue is 3.75 inches long, 6 inches wide and 4 inches tall. weighs 2 pounds ships via fedex for free meet perky pig perky pig statue by campania international with face to the sun and ears alert he is the perfect pig for a vegetable or butterfly garden, or even placed amongst the wildflowers as a focal point. the details: shown in brown stone available in twelve color finishes. made in the usa of durable cast stone. perky pig garden statue is 16.5 inches tall by 9.5 inches wide by 10 inches long. it weighs 39.75 pounds. tells your story in a fun way creates focal points gives meaning to a garden or landscape meet aiden aiden gnome garden statue is an adorable garden statue made of cast stone. he will sit in your garden to welcome friends and family or other gnome and fairy garden statues. enjoy aiden's sweet smile and playful pose and choose from twelve finish colors by campania international to complement your outdoor decor. proudly made in the usa. aiden gnome garden statue is shown in english moss. details: naturally ages aiden garden statue is 11 inches tall by 8 inches wide by 7 inches long, and it weighs 11 pounds. makes a great gift! shown in english moss part of campania international's mythicals collection the legend of the garden gnome: the garden gnome’s origin begins in germany and travels through the gardens of time, from the farm gardens of france and england to the american kitchen gardens of today. it is said that the garden gnome brings luck to its garden home and that the gnome diligently tends the garden while the gardener sleeps at night. these fun and mystic earth dwellers are whimsical friends to the garden and all its inhabitants. we hope you love our  best gifts for a gardener this season, visit here to discover more. read more tags : best gifts for a gardener, chad harris the garden gates, gifts for a gardener, holiday gifts 2017 the best holiday gifts for family & friends posted on oct 24, 2017 by chad harris best holiday gifts for family & friends original magnolia wreath the original magnolia wreath begin your holiday season by bringing this new orleans favorite into your home. handcrafted from rich green magnolia leaves, this wreath's natural gloss will be a shining part of your holiday season. what customers say: the quality is excellent and the density and color of the leaves is beautiful. extend the olive branch the olive tree is a wonderful gift to give, symbolizing peace, friendship, and abundance. a hardy grower in most climates, this variety of the olive tree can grow up to 25 feet tall. in colder climates, it prefers to be grown in a container and brought inside in cold temperatures, below 15 degrees. this is the perfect gift for any plant enthusiast. what customers say: plant arrived in excellent condition, and the recipient is thrilled. very good. delivery was fast and plant was healthy and cute. english holiday estate swag green magnolia leaves, fresh cut boxwood and noble fir create a luxurious magnolia swag background for bright red pomegranates, yarrow, moss and a red tartan plaid bow to finish it off. inspired by beautiful kate & william's royal wedding and their english country estate, it's a classic magnolia swag to welcome friends & family this holiday season. what customers say: very nice still alive and pretty learn more about holiday gifts and decor by visiting today. read more tags : chad harris the garden gates, gifts, holiday christmas trees- we deliver the holidays with a click of a button posted on sep 30, 2017 by chad harris the garden gates christmas trees the garden gates christmas trees are hand selected in north carolina near boone mountain. thegardengates.com offers hand-selected fraser fir christmas trees that are grown in the boone, north carolina region. each tree is carefully hand pruned, fertilized, and nurtured over the year to provide a beautiful holiday for families in metairie and new orleans. the garden gates simplified the process with online ordering to take the stress out of the holidays. the garden gates has added several new additions to their christmas tree program. this year you can order christmas trees with white lights as well as multicolored lights. in addition to trees with lights, they offer flocked trees, flocked trees with lights, and flocked trees with multi-colored lights. learn more about the garden gates christmas trees by visiting online here. read more tags : chad harris the garden gates, christmas tree flocking, christmas trees, christmas trees with colored lights, order christmas trees online ← 1 2 3 … 30 → need help? we're available at 1-877-780-6699 - email us at expert@thegardengates.com ask the expert shops about us affiliate program privacy policy media inquiries shipping & returns price match about store catalogs relish life on plum kendall & everett sitemap customer service sign in create account view cart my wishlist help contact join our mailing list connect with us to get the latest news & special promotions stay connected facebook twitter google instagram © 2016 thegardengates.com loading... error is added to your shopping cart. is added to your wish list. continue shopping go to cart go to wishlist close availability collection brand limited-time offers, end in: quantity: subtotal add to cart view product details close back to top