来源URL: https://web.archive.org/web/20180823205603/https://www.thegardengates.com/pages/shipping-returns
================================================================================

shipping + returns – the garden gates get ready for spring - with our price price match guarantee. order online today! shop now close dropdown trigger my account my wishlist customer service call - 877-780-6699 customer service call - 877-780-6699 my cart 0 your cart is currently empty. continue shopping total $0.00 checkout now or view cart my wishlist login email address* password* register everything for the home. fast free delivery to your home or office. search home bedding bedding by brand bella notte linens pom pom at home bedding quick ship bedding by style duvets & dust ruffles coverlets & blankets decorative pillows & shams fitted & flat sheets bella notte quick ship baby bedding featured products add to wishlist quick view bella notte linens linen crib skirt $216.00 home accents bedroom furniture kitchen + dining kitchen accessories kitchen linens dining tables livingroom furniture sofas + loveseats chairs + ottomans coffee + side tables buffets + consoles cabinets + storage home decor + gift notecards + post cards picture frames southern candles vases + bowls throw pillows + blankets indoor lighting table lamps chandeliers floor lamps wall decor featured products add to wishlist quick view sugarboo designs be prepared paperweight $60.00 patio patio accessories fire pits + bowls garden signs hanging baskets hose pots + storage bins pot risers rain chains rugs stepping stones supplies + tools wind chimes patio furniture chaise lounge chairs club chairs coffee + end tables dining tables + chairs ottomans sofas + sectionals lounge collections metal outdoor furniture rattan outdoor furniture wood outdoor furniture patio umbrellas aluminum umbrellas cantilever umbrellas commerical umbrellas speciality umbrellas umbrella base umbrella covers umbrella lights grills bull grills grill dome primo grills grill accessories tec grills outdoor lighting all lighting lamps+posts solar caps+accessories outdoor candleholders shop by brand mayne outdoor accessories sunset west outdoor furniture treasure garden outdoor umbrellas cane-line patio furniture featured products add to wishlist quick view henri studio little secrets statue $194.99 outdoor decor benches & tables console tables garden benches outdoor gatherings outdoor tables birdbaths birdbaths birdfeeders decorative birdbaths large birdbaths patio birdbaths fountains 2 tiered fountains 3 tiered fountains 4 tiered fountains ceramic fountains estate fountains faux bois fountains figure fountains large fountains modern fountains patio fountains table top fountains wall fountains fountain supplies planters cast stone planters ceramic planters fiber cement fiberglass planters garden planters iron planters lite® avantgarde lite® planters modular planters plastic planters urns urns & pedestals window box planters statues all statues animal statues asian statues bird statues cat statues college mascot statues dog statues figure statues gnome statues mythical statues religious statues zen frog statues outdoor accessories address signs birdfeeders brass sculptures cupolas mailboxes raised garden beds pedestals wall plaques weathervanes estate fountains add to wishlist quick view henri studio avignon lion fountain $3,249.99 fast finds bedding bedding by brand bedding quick ship bedding by style furniture + lighting gifts + accessories kitchen tools kitchen decor notecards + postcards picture frames patio patio accessories patio furniture patio umbrellas grills outdoor lighting shop by brand outdoor decor benches & tables birdbaths fountains planters statues outdoor accessories birdbaths birdbaths birdfeeders decorative birdbaths large birdbaths patio birdbaths fountains 2 tiered fountains 3 tiered fountains 4 tiered fountains ceramic fountains estate fountains faux bois fountains figure fountains large fountains modern fountains patio fountains table top fountains wall fountains fountain supplies statues all statues animal statues asian statues bird statues cat statues college mascot statues dog statues figure statues gnome statues mythical statues religious statues zen frog statues plants + flowering gifts floral plants fresh cut wreaths lacquer wreaths blog top picks for you featured products add to wishlist quick view sugarboo designs you a bad... postcard $35.00 blog free shipping on all orders. no minimum purchase required.* learn more here home / shipping + returns shipping + returns the garden gates shipping and return policies if you need to return or exchange an item purchased within the last 30 days, you will need to request a return authorization (ra) number. login to your garden gates account and locate your order number verify that the contact information is correct, check if the item is to be returned or replaced and be sure to include a reason for the return or exchange. email returns@thegardengates.com with the necessary information for return. we will review your request for return and email an ra number and instructions for returning the item if the item is eligible for return. if you were not signed into your account when the order was placed, you will need to call 1-877-780-6699  or email returns@thegardengates.com to get your ra#. please let us know your reason for return/exchange and have your order number ready. in some cases, the item will need to be shipped back to the manufacturer. please allow for time to obtain their proper ra# and shipping information. once you have shipped your item back to the manufacturer please email your tracking number to orders@thegardengates.com for reference, failure to do so may delay the refund process. eligible items for return items must be returned in their original packaging in unused condition. soiled/used items will be refused and returned to you at your expense. returns on eligible items that are not defective will incur at least a 25% restocking fee or exchanged for an item of equal or lesser value. refunds will be issued in the original payment form and price, less shipping and handling, re-stocking fees, gift-wrap and return shipping charges. standard shipping charges will apply for all "free shipped" non-defective items. orders that are canceled, has shipped and while the order is still in transit to the customer are subject to a restocking fee, and the customer is responsible for all shipping fees. eligible items for return - that have been unused, remain in original packaging, not made to order, custom or personalized furniture, bedding, and lighting are eligible for return or exchange as long as these items have never been opened or used in any way.  bedding must remain in original packing, be from our quick ship program or already in stock for it to be returned. bedding that has been made to order or customized in any way is never eligible for return. any living plants, including but not limited to christmas trees, orchids, air plants, and terrariums may not be returned.all original art is eligible for return as long as the art was not custom made or done on commission. holiday decor, edibles, and one-time use items are not returnable. canceling an order the following details are important for understanding the nature of the items offered at the garden gates. you have 24 hours from the day of your order to make any changes to your order. please notify us in writing to orders@thegardengates.com. cancellations must be made by the customer on the order, no third party cancellations will be authorized. do to the process of production, some items cannot be canceled this includes and is not limited to campania international, henri studios, brass barron, europe2you, bella notte linens, sunset west, whitehall designs, capital garden products, and good directions. before placing your order for any of these collections, feel free to consult with one of our on-staff designers and technicians for all your questions. the special pieces we offer are designed and/or made by very talented american artists. after 24 hours our teams all work hard to ensure their creations reach you safely for your enjoyment. final sale final sale items are not eligible for return or exchange. this includes but is not limited to trunk show items, discounted items, and custom ordered items. any products made from natural elements such as reclaimed wood, timber, linen, cast stone, and so forth may not be returned or exchanged due to color variation. do to the process of production, some items are final sale, this includes and is not limited to campania international, henri studios, brass barron, europe2you, good directions, whitehall designs, sunset west, capital garden products, and bella notte linens. before placing your order for any of these collections, feel free to consult with one of our on-staff designers and technicians for all your questions. holiday returns all holiday items including but not limited christmas trees, wreaths, garland, poinsettias, and items with any holiday theme whatsoever are a final sale and non-returnable. all items that are considered custom order including but not limited to magnolia wreaths, bella notte linens, campania international and henri studios fall under the custom order policy and are a final sale and non-returnable. christmas trees christmas trees are for local delivery only. we are located in the new orleans area. all orders outside the 15-mile radius of our address will be routed and grouped together for agreed upon delivery days. we need a minimum of 2 business days to light a christmas tree prior to delivery. we need a minimum of 24 business hours for flocking on a christmas tree to dry for safe delivery. in the event of poor weather conditions, the garden gates is not responsible for delays in delivery or production. under no circumstances is a christmas tree refundable once the tree has left for delivery and/or been delivered to the home. if you select the option to choose your tree from the christmas tree lot you must accept the delivery of your chosen tree. the garden gates is not responsible for the christmas tree once it is in the home and under the care of the client. customers are responsible for providing a safe environment for the tree this includes and is not limited to, a flat, level surface and a new surge protector able to handle the electrical load required for the size of the christmas tree ordered. under the electrical standards set forth by the light manufacturer, we will not remove the tags affixed to the light strands. all lighting inquiries are handled on a case by case basis and the garden gates must be contacted with within 24 hours from the time of the delivery to resolve. custom orders custom items, monogrammed or personalized items, and any item that is made to order, including furniture, bedding, lighting, and rugs are not returnable or refundable. outdoor products which are stained or painted to order from capital garden, campania international, montague metals, moss studio, roshambeaux, brass barron, good directions, whitehall designs, capital garden products, and henri studios are considered custom orders. returns will not be accepted based on color variances for any product that is considered custom. lead times and shipping time frames the standard time for shipping all our items is 7-15 business days unless otherwise noted. this minimum time allows our shipping warehouses to properly wrap and package your item for safe transit. rushing this process is risky and may result in additional rush fees and/or possible damages. a rush fee is determined by the allotted warehouse and based on the product being shipped. the production timeframe for all cast stone pieces by campania international is 10-14 business days. in the spring season, the production lead times can take longer due to the influx of orders. this from the time the order is placed until it is prepared to ship. you have 24 hours to notify the garden gates if any changes need to be made to your order after submitting payment. should the production time frame need to be extended for quality control measures or to ensure the safe travel of the order you will be notified by email. each of these pieces is carefully handmade in the usa and ships directly from the manufacturer. the production timeframe for all cast stone pieces by henri studios and brass baron is 6-8 weeks or more. this from the time the order is placed until it is prepared to ship. you have 24 hours to notify the garden gates if any changes need to be made to your order after submitting payment. should the production time frame need to be extended for quality control measures or to ensure the safe travel of the order you will be notified by email. each of these pieces is carefully handmade in the usa and ships directly from the manufacturer. you have 24 hours from the time the order was placed to cancel a custom order and to have the amount refunded to your credit card, excluding bella notte linens orders which are always final sale. after 24 hours all custom orders are non-refundable. custom address signs and mailboxes are final sale. the lead time on these pieces is 2 to 4 weeks depending on the product. the custom made address signs and mailboxes are made by whitehall designs, good directions, and montague metals. these pieces are handmade in the usa and ship directly from the manufacturer. good directions cupolas take a minimum of 10-14 business days to prepare for shipment. please consult with one of our technicians on the proper size for your structure, to ensure that the correct piece is selected. these pieces are handmade in the usa and ship directly from the manufacturer. all sugarboo items are made to order. these handmade pieces take 4-6 weeks and in peak seasons up to 8 weeks for production. these items are considered custom made and are a final sale. capital garden in stock items ship in approximately 7-10 business days. shipping methods are determined by the quantity ordered and size of pieces. all custom made pieces are a final sale and the lead time is determined by the production warehouse and is based on the type of piece ordered. treasure garden items that require a custom or upgraded fabric and/or frame (replacement canopy) are a final sale. the lead time on production takes 4-6 weeks. orders that have shipped and while the order is still in transit to the customer are subject to a restocking fee, and the customer is responsible for all shipping fees. when receiving freight items such as furniture and outdoor decor, please inspect all packages carefully for any damage that may have occurred in transit. claims against damaged items must be made within 3 business days after 3 business days claims will not be accepted and are unable to be returned. for specific products’ policies, please see to our vendor warranties. if custom furniture does not meet ordered specifications, please contact the garden gates immediately to have items replaced or reshipped.the garden gates does everything in our power to guarantee a speedy and safe delivery of your products and special orders. we try our best to make sure that everything is processed and on its way within 7-15 business days; however, there may be circumstances out of our control that will affect this. some brands, including bella notte linens, require a 6-8 week production time until products ship. we welcome inquiries into delivery estimations and provide our customers with tracking information. if a shipment is refused by the customer, the customer will be charged for any and all shipping and freight charges, including those incurred to ship the item to the customer as well as the return shipping or freight. if a shipment is delayed and incurred storage fees the customer will be responsible for payment of those fees. shipping via ltl freight truck many of the heavier items such as those made with cast stone or the oversized items such as furniture, will ship with an ltl (less than truckload) freight truck. this process is simple, however, there are a few points to know when receiving your order. please inform us of any special circumstances at the time you place your order. additional services that are requested at the time of delivery will result in further delays when receiving your item. the free shipping option is for all of the products. for our oversized items, this service stops at your curbside. if you need us to arrange a special white glove delivery please email orders@thegardengates.com for a quote. our logistics team will be happy to help make this process easy for you. if there is a delay when receiving your delivery and storage fees are charged. the amount will be the responsibility of the consumer. please communicate with us with regards to any special needs for your delivery at the time the order is placed to avoid this circumstance. the delivery company will contact you to set up an appointment using the information provided on the order. please be sure your phone number and email address are correct. please contact us with any corrections right away to orders@thegardengates.com. failing to provide the improper contact information can result in delivery delays and possibly storage fees. at the time of delivery please inspect your order. please note on the bol (delivery ticket) pending internal inspection. please note any defects on the packing and take pictures. in the rare event that your item is damaged in shipping, this information is vital in processing your claim and resolving quickly. damaged items when you receive your order, make sure to inspect the outer package for any damages as soon as it arrives. if there are any damages upon opening your shipment, please take notes and pictures so that you can provide us with all pertinent details. email the picture(s) that best represents the damage of your product and provide any helpful information in the description section. if the outside of the package was noticeably damaged, did you tell the delivery person when it arrived? does the damage look related to shipping, or does it appear product related? does the entire item need to be replaced or just a part? please let us know any details that will help us to best serve you. send all pertinent information to orders@thegardengates.com.once your report has been submitted, a customer service representative will begin processing your damage report and will contact you with further details. the garden gates reserves the right to repair or replace damaged items at its sole discretion. determination of what warrants a repair or a replacement is on a case by case basis. the garden gates' trained staff has the knowledge to decide how a damaged product will be repaired based on the extent of damage, item availability and so forth. the garden gates has the right to request pictures of the item, packaging, and any other relevant images. failure to provide adequate images or timely notification of damage may void any repair or replacement measures. warranty center during the life of your product, you may find an abnormality or run into a rare issue that is covered by warranty. although uncommon, it is important for us to be notified of any problems immediately so that we can determine the nature of the issue. warranties often cover repair or replacement but within very specific time frames, and we want to make sure that your warranty does not expire before it’s too late.our warranty center was designed to help you easily pull up your order information, upload a picture of the issue or damage and to write a detailed description of it as well. start by entering your order number or email address, and your order overview will show up on the details screen. from there you can upload a picture and send us a description of the problem. be sure to let us know when you started to experience the problem and exactly what area of the product is affected and how.once your warranty report has been submitted, a customer service representative will begin processing it and will contact you with further details. by accessing or using any part of the site, you accept, without limitation or qualification, these terms. if you do not agree with all of the terms set forth on the site, you may not use any portion of the site. price and policy information found on this site is subject to change without notice. the garden gates reserves the right to change these terms and conditions of use at any time without notice. need help? we're available at 1-877-780-6699 - email us at expert@thegardengates.com ask the expert shops about us affiliate program privacy policy media inquiries shipping & returns price match about store catalogs relish life on plum kendall & everett sitemap customer service sign in create account view cart my wishlist help contact join our mailing list connect with us to get the latest news & special promotions stay connected facebook twitter google instagram © 2016 thegardengates.com loading... error is added to your shopping cart. is added to your wish list. continue shopping go to cart go to wishlist close availability collection brand limited-time offers, end in: quantity: subtotal add to cart view product details close back to top