来源URL: https://web.archive.org/web/20200607014737/https://www.thegardengates.com/pages/shipping
================================================================================

shipping information – the garden gates browse close menu close menu seasonal all wreaths holiday garland everyday wreaths lacquer wreaths fresh trees planters ceramic planters cast stone planters concrete lite fiber planters fiberglass lite planters modular planters plastic planters terra cotta planters window box planters zinc planters fountains table top fountain two tiered fountains three tiered fountains four tiered fountains estate fountains wall fountains modern fountains brass fountains garden statues brass statues animal statues religious statue gnome statues asian statues figure statues mythical statues mascot statues outdoor decor shoe trays fire pits & bowls garden signs hose pots & wall holders pottery risers rain chains stepping stones solar caps lamp posts patio furniture dining tables & chairs chairs & chaises pub tables & barstools sofas, sectionals, & loveseats accent tables umbrellas & accessories home decor home accents + gifts candles + room fragrance interior lighting pillows + throws pet accessories wall art & decor news my account cart "close cart" coupon code: shadow copy code usd usd usd news my account 0 your cart is empty. shop now free shipping for orders over 99.00 0 usd usd usd seasonal all wreaths holiday garland everyday wreaths lacquer wreaths fresh trees planters ceramic planters cast stone planters concrete lite fiber planters fiberglass lite planters modular planters plastic planters terra cotta planters window box planters zinc planters fountains table top fountain two tiered fountains three tiered fountains four tiered fountains estate fountains wall fountains modern fountains brass fountains garden statues brass statues animal statues religious statue gnome statues asian statues figure statues mythical statues mascot statues outdoor decor shoe trays fire pits & bowls garden signs hose pots & wall holders pottery risers rain chains stepping stones solar caps lamp posts patio furniture dining tables & chairs chairs & chaises pub tables & barstools sofas, sectionals, & loveseats accent tables umbrellas & accessories home decor home accents + gifts candles + room fragrance interior lighting pillows + throws pet accessories wall art & decor home / shipping information shipping information shipping on most products the garden gates has agreements with most manufacturers to ship your order direct from the manufacturer’s warehouse to your door. you are getting the products straight from the source so there is less chance for delay or a middleman handling the shipments. shipping time frames orders sent via "ups or fedex ground" average 4 - 7 business days once they leave the factory.orders sent via freight carrier average 6-15 business days depending on location once leaving the factory.*please keep in mind that these time frames are after the product leaves the factory. production time is not included in this. contact us for estimated production and shipping times for your order. production time frames the production timeframe for all cast stone pieces by campania international is 10-14 business days. in the spring and summer season, the production lead times can take longer due to the influx of orders. this from the time the order is placed until it is prepared to ship, excluding holidays and weekends. you have 24 hours to notify the garden gates if any changes need to be made to your order after submitting payment. should the production time frame need to be extended for quality control measures or to ensure the safe travel of the order you will be notified by email. each of these pieces is carefully handmade in the usa and ships directly from the manufacturer. the production timeframe for all cast stone pieces by henri studios and brass baron is 4-6 weeks or more. this from the time the order is placed until it is prepared to ship, excluding holidays and weekends. you have 24 hours to notify the garden gates if any changes need to be made to your order after submitting payment. should the production time frame need to be extended for quality control measures or to ensure the safe travel of the order you will be notified by email. each of these pieces is carefully handmade in the usa and ships directly from the manufacturer. you have 24 hours from the time the order was placed to cancel a custom order and to have the amount refunded to your credit card, excluding bella notte linens orders which are always final sale. after 24 hours all custom orders are non-refundable. custom address signs and mailboxes are final sale. the lead time on these pieces is 2 to 4 weeks depending on the product. the custom made address signs and mailboxes are made by whitehall designs, good directions, and montague metals. these pieces are handmade in the usa and ship directly from the manufacturer. good directions cupolas take a minimum of 10-14 business days to prepare for shipment. please consult with one of our technicians on the proper size for your structure, to ensure that the correct piece is selected. these pieces are handmade in the usa and ship directly from the manufacturer. treasure garden items that require a custom or upgraded fabric and/or frame (replacement canopy) are a final sale. the lead time for production takes 4-6 weeks. orders that have shipped and while the order is still in transit to the customer are subject to a restocking fee, and the customer is responsible for all shipping fees. when receiving freight items such as furniture and outdoor decor, please inspect all packages carefully for any damage that may have occurred in transit. claims against damaged items must be made within 2 business days after 2 business days claims will not be accepted and are unable to be returned. for specific products’ policies, please see to our vendor warranties. the garden gates does everything in our power to guarantee a speedy and safe delivery of your products and special orders. we try our best to make sure that everything is processed and on its way within 7-15 business days; however, there may be circumstances out of our control that will affect this. some brands, including bella notte linens, require a 6-8 week production time until products ship. we welcome inquiries into delivery estimations and provide our customers with tracking information. if a shipment is refused by the customer, the customer will be charged for any and all shipping and freight charges, including those incurred to ship the item to the customer as well as the return shipping or freight. if a shipment is delayed and incurred storage fees the customer will be responsible for payment of those fees. shipping via ltl or freight truck many of the heavier items such as those made with cast stone or the oversized items such as furniture, will ship with an ltl (less than truckload) freight truck. this process is simple, however, there are a few points to know when receiving your order. please inform us of any special circumstances at the time you place your order. additional services that are requested at the time of delivery will result in further delays when receiving your item. the free shipping option is for all of the products. for our oversized items, this service stops at your curbside. if you need us to arrange a special white glove delivery please email orders@thegardengates.com for a quote. our logistics team will be happy to help make this process easy for you. if there is a delay when receiving your delivery and storage fees are charged. the amount of any fees and shipping will be the responsibility of the consumer. if you do not communicate with the freight company or the garden gates your order will be surrendered to the manufacturer and a replacement or refund will not be applicable. if an appointment would still like to be made after your order is surrendered the customer is responsible for all shipping costs. please communicate with us with regards to any special needs for your delivery at the time the order is placed to avoid this circumstance. the delivery company will contact you to set up an appointment using the information provided on the order. please be sure your phone number and email address are correct. please contact us with any corrections right away to orders@thegardengates.com. failing to provide the improper contact information can result in delivery delays and possibly storage fees. at the time of delivery please inspect your order. please note on the bol (delivery ticket) pending internal inspection. please note any defects on the packing and take pictures. in the rare event that your item is damaged in shipping, this information is vital in processing your claim and resolving quickly. damaged items when you receive your order, make sure to inspect the outer package for any damages as soon as it arrives. if there are any damages upon opening your shipment, please take notes and pictures so that you can provide us with all pertinent details within 48 hours. email the picture(s) that best represents the damage of your product and provide any helpful information in the description section. if the outside of the package was noticeably damaged, did you tell the delivery person when it arrived? does the damage look related to shipping, or does it appear product related? does the entire item need to be replaced or just a part? please let us know any details that will help us to best serve you. send all pertinent information to orders@thegardengates.com.once your report has been submitted, a customer service representative will begin processing your damage report and will contact you with further details. the garden gates reserves the right to repair or replace damaged items at its sole discretion. determination of what warrants a repair or a replacement is on a case by case basis. the garden gates' trained staff has the knowledge to decide how a damaged product will be repaired based on the extent of damage, item availability and so forth. the garden gates has the right to request pictures of the item, packaging, and any other relevant images. failure to provide adequate images or timely notification of damage may void any repair or replacement measures. shipping rates & tax most items do ship for at no additional cost and are noted as "free shipping" on each product. taxes are included in our pricing. if an item does have shipping charges the garden gates will automatically calculates your shipping costs at the time of check out in the shopping cart process once an item is placed into your cart with the appropriate delivery method chosen and your zip code entered. shipping and handling charges for all items are a per item charge based on the weight of the item, size of the box and the delivery destination. some of our items require additional charges to ensure they arrive at your home in safe and sound condition. tracking your order tracking information will be emailed to you once your order has shipped. please note that it could take up to 24 hours from the time your order leaves the warehouse to the time the information is available on the carrier’s website. shipping backorders we stock most of our inventory, but occasionally some items are unavailable and we must backorder them from other various warehouses across the country or source them directly from the manufacturers. sometimes an in-stock item may actually be out of stock (selling out before we've had a chance to update the web-site) the garden gates does its best to ship out products in a timely manner, but we reserve the right to backorder or cancel orders at any time for any reason. the garden gates will in no way be responsible for losses by customer due to scheduling of electricians, contractors, or other professional installation. by accessing or using any part of the site, you accept, without limitation or qualification, these terms. if you do not agree with all of the terms set forth on the site, you may not use any portion of the site. price and policy information found on this site is subject to change without notice. the garden gates reserves the right to change these terms and conditions of use at any time without notice. 35 years in business! family owned and operated for 35 years and counting! secure checkout we use encrypted ssl security to ensure that your credit card information is 100% protected. stay in the loop keep me in the loop i agree to subscribe to updates from the garden gates - privacy policy become a garden gater insider and get 10% off your order today. plus we'll keep you up-to-date with the latest theme news. about us affiliate program privacy policy media inquiries price match returns & exchanges shipping information © 2019 the garden gates . all rights reserved. added to cart! cart total: continue shopping view my cart secure checkout get 10% your first purchase over $30 get 10% off with code shadow i agree to subscribe to updates from the garden gates - privacy policy by clicking the button you'll 1) you'll confirm you're a genius 2) be kept in the loop about the latest gear and deals. sign up for our newsletter for great deals and gardening tips! free shipping when you order over xx you have qualified for free shipping spend $x to qualify for free shipping you have achieved free shipping free shipping for over $x within usa free shipping for orders over 99.00 you have achieved free shipping free shipping when you order over xx ou have qualified for free shipping