来源URL: https://web.archive.org/web/20221218151020/https://www.thegardengates.com/policies/refund-policy
================================================================================

refund policy – the garden gates skip to content pause slideshow play slideshow discover more, go beyond the garden gates discover more, go beyond the garden gates instagram facebook youtube twitter pinterest ... site navigation the garden gates search close search account 0 cart ... site navigation close search close cancel fountains estate fountains 3 tiered estate fountains 4 tiered estate fountains basin estate fountains modern estate fountains patio fountains basin patio fountains bird bath fountains bowl patio fountains modern patio fountains natural patio fountains tiered patio fountains tabletop fountain bowl tabletop fountains figure tabletop fountains modern tabletop fountains natural tabletop fountains tiered tabletop fountains tiered fountains 2 tiered fountains 3 tiered fountains 4 tiered fountains pedestal fountains wall fountains basin wall fountains hanging wall fountains modern wall fountaina tiered wall fountains cascading fountains glazed fountains lightweight fountains fountain care & accessories outdoor decor bronze garden statues children statues cast stone garden statues animal statues asian statues bird statues cat statues dog statues figure statues mythical statues religious statues zen frog statues garden accents bird feeders bird houses baskets & trays fire pits & accessories rain chains sundials garden bird baths cast stone large birdbaths cast stone small birdbaths copper birdbaths table top birdbaths garden decor hose holders pedestals pottery risers stepping stones outdoor & patio furniture furniture collections chill furniture collection coastal furniture collection piedmont furniture collection shoreline furniture collection quick ship furniture collection outdoor seating garden benches outdoor chairs outdoor hammocks outdoor sofas outdoor tables accent tables cast stone garden tables patio accessories mail box accessories outdoor lighting outdoor rugs outdoor storage outdoor umbrellas planters & urns cast stone planters large planters medium planters small planters tabletop planters cast stone urns garden urns with pedestals large urns medium urns small urns tabletop urns glazed ceramic planters ceramic jar planters glazed planter sets lightweight planters window box planters square planters tall planters rectangle planters metal garden planters zinc garden planters lightweight steel planter terracotta planters fiberglass lightweight planters search close add order note close subtotal $0.00 check out shipping, taxes, and discount codes calculated at checkout. your cart is currently empty. fountains expand submenu fountains view all estate fountains expand submenu estate fountains view all 3 tiered estate fountains 4 tiered estate fountains basin estate fountains modern estate fountains patio fountains expand submenu patio fountains view all basin patio fountains bird bath fountains bowl patio fountains modern patio fountains natural patio fountains tiered patio fountains tabletop fountain expand submenu tabletop fountain view all bowl tabletop fountains figure tabletop fountains modern tabletop fountains natural tabletop fountains tiered tabletop fountains tiered fountains expand submenu tiered fountains view all 2 tiered fountains 3 tiered fountains 4 tiered fountains pedestal fountains wall fountains expand submenu wall fountains view all basin wall fountains hanging wall fountains modern wall fountaina tiered wall fountains cascading fountains glazed fountains lightweight fountains fountain care & accessories outdoor decor expand submenu outdoor decor view all bronze garden statues expand submenu bronze garden statues view all children statues cast stone garden statues expand submenu cast stone garden statues view all animal statues asian statues bird statues cat statues dog statues figure statues mythical statues religious statues zen frog statues garden accents expand submenu garden accents view all bird feeders bird houses baskets & trays fire pits & accessories rain chains sundials garden bird baths expand submenu garden bird baths view all cast stone large birdbaths cast stone small birdbaths copper birdbaths table top birdbaths garden decor expand submenu garden decor view all hose holders pedestals pottery risers stepping stones outdoor & patio furniture expand submenu outdoor & patio furniture view all furniture collections expand submenu furniture collections chill furniture collection coastal furniture collection piedmont furniture collection shoreline furniture collection quick ship furniture collection outdoor seating expand submenu outdoor seating view all garden benches outdoor chairs outdoor hammocks outdoor sofas outdoor tables expand submenu outdoor tables view all accent tables cast stone garden tables patio accessories expand submenu patio accessories view all mail box accessories outdoor lighting outdoor rugs outdoor storage outdoor umbrellas planters & urns expand submenu planters & urns view all cast stone planters expand submenu cast stone planters view all large planters medium planters small planters tabletop planters cast stone urns expand submenu cast stone urns view all garden urns with pedestals large urns medium urns small urns tabletop urns glazed ceramic planters expand submenu glazed ceramic planters view all ceramic jar planters glazed planter sets lightweight planters expand submenu lightweight planters view all window box planters square planters tall planters rectangle planters metal garden planters expand submenu metal garden planters view all zinc garden planters lightweight steel planter terracotta planters fiberglass lightweight planters top searched campania international large del rey fountain no reviews $3,649.99 $3,649.99 campania international richmond hill fountain $3,299.99 $3,299.99 campania international lunas fountain $359.99 $359.99 campania international m-series kenzo fountain 1 review $244.99 $244.99 campania international del rey fountain $1,399.99 $1,399.99 campania international wiltshire fountain $3,299.99 $3,299.99 view more optional button "close (esc)" refund policy refund policy: login to your garden gates account and locate your order number verify that the contact information is correct, check if the item is to be returned or replaced and be sure to include a reason for the return or exchange. email info@thegardengates.com with the necessary information for return. we will review your request for return and email an ra number and instructions for returning the item if the item is eligible for return. if you were not signed into your account when the order was placed, you will need to email info@thegardengates.com to get the ra number. please let us know your reason for return/exchange and have your order number ready. in some cases, the item will need to be shipped back to the manufacturer. please allow for time to obtain their proper ra number and shipping information. once you have shipped your item back to the manufacturer please email your tracking number to info@thegardengates.com for reference, failure to do so may delay the refund process. eligible items for return items must be returned in their original packaging in unused condition. soiled/used items will be refused and returned to you at your expense. returns on eligible items that are not defective will incur at least a 25% restocking fee or exchanged for an item of equal or lesser value. refunds will be issued in the original payment form and price, less shipping and handling, re-stocking fees, gift-wrap and return shipping charges. standard shipping charges will apply for all "free shipped" non-defective items. orders that are canceled and have shipped and while the order is still in transit to the customer are subject to a restocking fee, and the customer is responsible for all shipping fees. eligible items for return - that have been unused, remain in original packaging, that are not made to order, custom or personalized canceling an order you have 24 hours from the day of your order to make any changes to your order. please notify us in writing to info@thegardengates.com. cancellations must be made by the customer on the order, no third party cancellations will be authorized. due to the process of production, some items cannot be canceled this includes and is not limited to campania international. before placing your order for any of these collections, feel free to consult with one of our on-staff designers and technicians for all your questions. orders that have shipped and while the order is still in transit to the customer are subject to a restocking fee, and the customer is responsible for all shipping fees. final sale final sale items are not eligible for return or exchange. this includes but is not limited to trunk show items, discounted items, and custom ordered items. any products made from natural elements such as reclaimed wood, timber, linen, cast stone, and so forth may not be returned or exchanged due to color variation. do to the process of production, some items are final sale, this includes and is not limited to campania international. before placing your order for any of these collections, feel free to consult with one of our on-staff designers and technicians for all your questions. custom orders custom items, monogrammed or personalized items, and any item that is made to order, including furniture, bedding, lighting, and rugs are not returnable or refundable. outdoor products which are stained or painted to order are considered custom orders. returns will not be accepted based on color variances for any product that is considered custom. the average production timeframe for all cast stone pieces by campania international is 10-14 business days. this from the time the order is placed until it is prepared to ship. you have 24 hours to notify the garden gates if any changes need to be made to your order after submitting payment. should the production time frame need to be extended for quality control measures or to ensure the safe travel of the order you will be notified by email. each of these pieces is carefully handmade in the usa and ships directly from the manufacturer. you have 24 hours from the time the order was placed to cancel a custom order and to have the amount refunded to your credit card. after 24 hours custom orders are non-refundable. when receiving freight items such as furniture and outdoor decor, please inspect all packages carefully for any damage that may have occurred in transit. claims against damaged items must be made within 3 business days, after 3 business days claims will not be accepted and are unable to be resolved. for specific products’ policies, please see to our vendor warranties. if custom furniture does not meet ordered specifications, please contact the garden gates immediately to have items replaced or reshipped. the garden gates does everything in our power to guarantee a speedy and safe delivery of your products and special orders. we try our best to make sure that everything is processed and on its way within 7-15 business days; however, there may be circumstances out of our control that will affect this. some brands, require a 6-8 week production time until products ship. we welcome inquiries into delivery estimations and provide our customers with tracking information. if a shipment is refused by the customer, the customer will be charged for any and all shipping and freight charges, including those incurred to ship the item to the customer as well as the return shipping or freight. if a shipment is delayed and incurs storage fees the customer will be responsible for payment of those fees. shipping via ltl freight truck many of the heavier items such as those made with cast stone or the oversized items such as furniture, will ship with an ltl (less than truckload) freight truck. this process is simple, however, there are a few points to know when receiving your order. please inform us of any special circumstances at the time you place your order. additional services that are requested at the time of delivery will result in further delays when receiving your item. the free shipping option is for all of the products. for our oversized items this service stops at your curbside. if you need us to arrange a special white glove delivery please email orders@thegardengates.com for a quote. our logistics team will be happy to help make this process easy for you. if there is a delay when receiving your delivery and storage fees are charged. the amount will be the responsibility of the consumer. please communicate with us with regards to any special needs for your delivery at the time the order is placed to avoid this circumstance. the delivery company will contact you to set up an appointment using the information provided on the order. please be sure your phone number and email address are correct. please contact us with any corrections right away to orders@thegardengates.com. failing to provide the improper contact information can result in delivery delays and possibly storage fees. at the time of delivery please inspect your order. please note on the bol (delivery ticket) pending internal inspection. please note any defects on the packing and take pictures. in the rare event that your item is damaged in shipping, this information is vital in processing your claim and resolving quickly. damaged items when you receive your order, make sure to inspect the outer package for any damages as soon as it arrives. if there are any damages upon opening your shipment, please take notes and pictures so that you can provide us with all pertinent details. email the picture(s) that best represents the damage of your product and provide any helpful information in the description section. if the outside of the package was noticeably damaged, did you tell the delivery person when it arrived? does the damage look related to shipping, or does it appear product related? does the entire item need to be replaced or just a part? please let us know any details that will help us to best serve you. send all pertinent information to orders@thegardengates.com. once your report has been submitted, a customer service representative will begin processing your damage report and will contact you with further details. the garden gates reserves the right to repair or replace damaged items at its sole discretion. determination of what warrants a repair or a replacement is on a case by case basis. the garden gates' trained staff has the knowledge to decide how a damaged product will be repaired based on the extent of damage, item availability and so forth. the garden gates has the right to request pictures of the item, packaging, and any other relevant images. failure to provide adequate images or timely notification of damage may void any repair or replacement measures. warranty center during the life of your product, you may find an abnormality or run into a rare issue that is covered by warranty. although uncommon, it is important for us to be notified of any problems immediately so that we can determine the nature of the issue. warranties often cover repair or replacement but within very specific time frames, and we want to make sure that your warranty does not expire before it’s too late. our warranty center was designed to help you easily pull up your order information, upload a picture of the issue or damage and to write a detailed description of it as well. start by entering your order number or email address, and your order overview will show up on the details screen. from there you can upload a picture and send us a description of the problem. be sure to let us know when you started to experience the problem and exactly what area of the product is affected and how. once your warranty report has been submitted, a customer service representative will begin processing it and will contact you with further details. by accessing or using any part of the site, you accept, without limitation or qualification, these terms. if you do not agree with all of the terms set forth on the site, you may not use any portion of the site. price and policy information found on this site is subject to change without notice. the garden gates reserves the right to change these terms and conditions of use at any time without notice. vip access + 10% off your first purchase enter your email subscribe get in touch +1 888-715-8885 email us follow us instagram facebook youtube twitter pinterest we accept american express mastercard visa important places military, first responder & teacher discountsprivacy policyabout uscontact usmy account help & shipping help questionsshipping informationterms of servicereturn policyrefund policy © 2023 the garden gates powered by shopify "close (esc)" "close (esc)"