来源URL: https://web.archive.org/web/20221218151020/https://www.thegardengates.com/pages/shipping
================================================================================

shipping and production timelines | the garden gates – the garden gates skip to content pause slideshow play slideshow discover more, go beyond the garden gates discover more, go beyond the garden gates instagram facebook youtube twitter pinterest ... site navigation the garden gates search close search account 0 cart ... site navigation close search close cancel fountains estate fountains 3 tiered estate fountains 4 tiered estate fountains basin estate fountains modern estate fountains patio fountains basin patio fountains bird bath fountains bowl patio fountains modern patio fountains natural patio fountains tiered patio fountains tabletop fountain bowl tabletop fountains figure tabletop fountains modern tabletop fountains natural tabletop fountains tiered tabletop fountains tiered fountains 2 tiered fountains 3 tiered fountains 4 tiered fountains pedestal fountains wall fountains basin wall fountains hanging wall fountains modern wall fountaina tiered wall fountains cascading fountains glazed fountains lightweight fountains fountain care & accessories outdoor decor bronze garden statues children statues cast stone garden statues animal statues asian statues bird statues cat statues dog statues figure statues mythical statues religious statues zen frog statues garden accents bird feeders bird houses baskets & trays fire pits & accessories rain chains sundials garden bird baths cast stone large birdbaths cast stone small birdbaths copper birdbaths table top birdbaths garden decor hose holders pedestals pottery risers stepping stones outdoor & patio furniture furniture collections chill furniture collection coastal furniture collection piedmont furniture collection shoreline furniture collection quick ship furniture collection outdoor seating garden benches outdoor chairs outdoor hammocks outdoor sofas outdoor tables accent tables cast stone garden tables patio accessories mail box accessories outdoor lighting outdoor rugs outdoor storage outdoor umbrellas planters & urns cast stone planters large planters medium planters small planters tabletop planters cast stone urns garden urns with pedestals large urns medium urns small urns tabletop urns glazed ceramic planters ceramic jar planters glazed planter sets lightweight planters window box planters square planters tall planters rectangle planters metal garden planters zinc garden planters lightweight steel planter terracotta planters search close add order note close subtotal $0.00 check out shipping, taxes, and discount codes calculated at checkout. your cart is currently empty. fountains expand submenu fountains view all estate fountains expand submenu estate fountains view all 3 tiered estate fountains 4 tiered estate fountains basin estate fountains modern estate fountains patio fountains expand submenu patio fountains view all basin patio fountains bird bath fountains bowl patio fountains modern patio fountains natural patio fountains tiered patio fountains tabletop fountain expand submenu tabletop fountain view all bowl tabletop fountains figure tabletop fountains modern tabletop fountains natural tabletop fountains tiered tabletop fountains tiered fountains expand submenu tiered fountains view all 2 tiered fountains 3 tiered fountains 4 tiered fountains pedestal fountains wall fountains expand submenu wall fountains view all basin wall fountains hanging wall fountains modern wall fountaina tiered wall fountains cascading fountains glazed fountains lightweight fountains fountain care & accessories outdoor decor expand submenu outdoor decor view all bronze garden statues expand submenu bronze garden statues view all children statues cast stone garden statues expand submenu cast stone garden statues view all animal statues asian statues bird statues cat statues dog statues figure statues mythical statues religious statues zen frog statues garden accents expand submenu garden accents view all bird feeders bird houses baskets & trays fire pits & accessories rain chains sundials garden bird baths expand submenu garden bird baths view all cast stone large birdbaths cast stone small birdbaths copper birdbaths table top birdbaths garden decor expand submenu garden decor view all hose holders pedestals pottery risers stepping stones outdoor & patio furniture expand submenu outdoor & patio furniture view all furniture collections expand submenu furniture collections chill furniture collection coastal furniture collection piedmont furniture collection shoreline furniture collection quick ship furniture collection outdoor seating expand submenu outdoor seating view all garden benches outdoor chairs outdoor hammocks outdoor sofas outdoor tables expand submenu outdoor tables view all accent tables cast stone garden tables patio accessories expand submenu patio accessories view all mail box accessories outdoor lighting outdoor rugs outdoor storage outdoor umbrellas planters & urns expand submenu planters & urns view all cast stone planters expand submenu cast stone planters view all large planters medium planters small planters tabletop planters cast stone urns expand submenu cast stone urns view all garden urns with pedestals large urns medium urns small urns tabletop urns glazed ceramic planters expand submenu glazed ceramic planters view all ceramic jar planters glazed planter sets lightweight planters expand submenu lightweight planters view all window box planters square planters tall planters rectangle planters metal garden planters expand submenu metal garden planters view all zinc garden planters lightweight steel planter terracotta planters top searched campania international richmond hill fountain $3,299.99 $3,299.99 campania international lunas fountain $359.99 $359.99 campania international m-series kenzo fountain 1 review $244.99 $244.99 campania international del rey fountain $1,399.99 $1,399.99 campania international wiltshire fountain $3,299.99 $3,299.99 campania international westover fountain $1,299.99 $1,299.99 view more optional button "close (esc)" shipping and production timelines please contact us with any inquiry, shipping times, production time and special orders, we are here to help. info@thegardengates.com shipping time frames orders sent via ups or fedex ground average 4 - 7 business days once they leave the factory.orders sent via freight carrier average 6-15 business days depending on location once leaving the factory.*please keep in mind that these time frames are after the product leaves the factory. production time is not included in this. contact us for estimated production and shipping times for your order. the garden gates does not guarantee the delivery of any item to reach its destination for any holiday or special event unless specifically noted. to inquire about delivery within a certain time frame, call to speak to a representative. thegardengates.com team will do their best to get your order delivered within a requested time frame but cannot guarantee this. thegardengates.com is not responsible for a delay in delivery due to the holiday closure of any shipping company, weather delays, natural disasters or any unforeseen problems noted by our shipping carriers. production time frames the production timeframe for all cast stone pieces by campania international is 5-7 business days. in the spring and summer season, the production lead times can take longer due to the influx of orders. this from the time the order is placed until it is prepared to ship, excluding holidays and weekends. you have 24 hours to notify the garden gates if any changes need to be made to your order after submitting payment. should the production time frame need to be extended for quality control measures or to ensure the safe travel of the order you will be notified by email. each of these pieces is carefully handmade in the usa and ships directly from the manufacturer. you have 24 hours from the time the order was placed to cancel a custom order and to have the amount refunded to your credit card. after 24 hours all custom orders are non-refundable. custom address signs and mailboxes are final sale. the lead time on these pieces is 2 to 4 weeks depending on the product. these pieces are handmade in the usa and ship directly from the manufacturer. good directions cupolas take a minimum of 10-14 business days to prepare for shipment. please consult with one of our technicians on the proper size for your structure, to ensure that the correct piece is selected. these pieces are handmade in the usa and ship directly from the manufacturer. simply shade items that require a custom or upgraded fabric and/or frame (replacement canopy) are a final sale. the lead time for production takes 4-6 weeks. breezesta items are a final sale. the lead time for production takes 2 weeks for standard items, subject to change based on market flow. special ordered colors and fabrics may take longer. for all orders, we can provide you with an updated lead time. during certain times of the year the production times can be much shorter or longer. the time frames given are just an estimate. reconsigning a shipment: orders that have shipped and (while the order is still in transit) and the delivery address needs to be changed may be subject to a restocking or reconsignment fee, and the customer is responsible for all such shipping fees. when receiving freight items such as furniture and outdoor decor, please inspect all packages carefully for any damage that may have occurred in transit. claims against damaged items must be made within 2 business days after 2 business days claims will not be accepted and are unable to be returned. for specific products’ policies, please see to our vendor warranties. the garden gates does everything in our power to guarantee a speedy and safe delivery of your products and special orders. we try our best to make sure that everything is processed and on its way within 7-15 business days; however, there may be circumstances out of our control that will affect this. some brands, require a 6-8 week production time until products ship. we welcome inquiries into delivery estimations and provide our customers with tracking information. if a shipment is refused by the customer, the customer will be charged for any and all shipping and freight charges, including those incurred to ship the item to the customer as well as the return shipping or freight. if a shipment is delayed and incurred storage fees the customer will be responsible for payment of those fees. fees such as restocking or reconsignment are determined by the manufacturer as part of their policies. the value either based on a percentage of the order or a set fee depending on their policy. if this issue arises we will get this quote for you as part of the shipping resolution process. all quotes for these fees will be provided via email. shipping via ltl or freight truck many of the heavier items such as those made with cast stone or the oversized items such as furniture, will ship with an ltl (less than truckload) freight truck. this process is simple, however, there are a few points to know when receiving your order. please inform us of any special circumstances at the time you place your order. additional services that are requested at the time of delivery will result in further delays when receiving your item. the free shipping option is for all of the products. for our oversized items, this service stops at your curbside. if there is a delay when receiving your delivery and storage fees are charged, the amount of any fees and shipping will be the responsibility of the consumer. if you do not communicate with the freight company or the garden gates your order will be surrendered to the manufacturer and a replacement or refund will not be applicable. if an appointment would still like to be made after your order is surrendered the customer is responsible for all shipping costs. please communicate with us with regards to any special needs for your delivery at the time the order is placed to avoid this circumstance. the delivery company will contact you to set up an appointment using the information provided on the order. please be sure your phone number and email address are correct. failing to provide the proper contact information can result in delivery delays and possibly storage fees. at the time of delivery please inspect your order: please note on the bol (delivery ticket) pending internal inspection. please note any defects on the packing and take pictures. in the rare event that your item is damaged in shipping, this information is vital in processing your claim and resolving quickly. shipping claims claims against damaged items must be made within 2 business days after 2 business days claims will not be accepted and are unable to be returned. for all standard ground shipping with ups and fedex, damage or missing orders must be claimed by the recipient. this is the policy of these common carriers. once the claim has been submitted please email all the details to claims@thegardengates.com. keeping us in the loop with this process is vial to any steps we need to take to resolve your order. claims for all heavy items delivered by an ltl carrier, must start as soon as possible. we are at the mercy of your images and delivery details, the more information we have the faster we can resolve your claim. please contact us first and follow the instructions to the letter as these carriers can have different policies for their resolution process. claims@thegardengates.com damaged items when you receive your order, make sure to inspect the outer package for any damages as soon as it arrives. if there are any damages upon opening your shipment, please take notes and pictures so that you can provide us with all pertinent details within 48 hours. when applicable please note this with the delivery driver as well. email the picture(s) that best represents the damage of your product and provide any helpful information in the description section. if the outside of the package was noticeably damaged, did you tell the delivery person when it arrived? does the damage look related to shipping, or does it appear product related? does the entire item need to be replaced or just a part? please let us know any details that will help us to best serve you. send all pertinent information to claims@thegardengates.com once your report has been submitted, a customer service representative will begin processing your damage report and will contact you with further details. the garden gates reserves the right to repair or replace damaged items at its sole discretion. determination of what warrants a repair or a replacement is on a case by case basis. the garden gates' trained staff has the knowledge to decide how a damaged product will be repaired based on the extent of damage, item availability and so forth. the garden gates has the right to request pictures of the item, packaging, and any other relevant images. failure to provide adequate images or timely notification of damage may void any repair or replacement measures. shipping rates most items do ship for at no additional cost and are noted as "free shipping" on each product. if an item does have shipping charges the garden gates will automatically calculates your shipping costs at the time of check out in the shopping cart process once an item is placed into your cart with the appropriate delivery method chosen and your zip code entered. shipping and handling charges for all items are a per item charge based on the weight of the item, size of the box and the delivery destination. some of our items require additional charges to ensure they arrive at your home in safe and sound condition. tracking your order tracking information will be emailed to you once your order has shipped. please note that it could take up to 24 hours from the time your order leaves the warehouse to the time the information is available on the carrier’s website. you can find tracking information in your account. we will also email you the tracking.  please feel free to call, email or chat us for an update! 888-715-8885 9am-5pm central time or email any time at info@thegardengates.com shipping backorders backorders after 24 hours of the placement of the order. it is rare but in some cases there is a delay in the production of one of the items. this is due to material availability, labor force and supply chain issues. all of which are out of our control. we strive to keep items in our collections that have the shortest possible lead time. however, we are not perfect. we can and will keep you updated along the way of this process, via email. we know that communicating with you is vital and all news of your order status will be at your finger tips. due to the methods and techniques of our items, we can not cancel your order due to a delay in the production process. we work with skilled artists and craftsmen that have accounted for your item in their production process. you can always contact us: we are available 9am-5pm monday to friday central standard time via chat and phone 888-715-8885. order email 24/7 via info@thegardengates.com before placing an order for a custom made piece feel free to reach out and we can confirm the timeline of production and do our best to get ahead of any possible delays. occasionally some items are unavailable and we must backorder them from other various warehouses across the country or source them directly from the manufacturers. sometimes an in-stock item may actually be out of stock (selling out before we've had a chance to update the web-site) the garden gates does its best to ship out products in a timely manner, but we reserve the right to backorder or cancel orders at any time for any reason. the garden gates will in no way be responsible for losses by customer due to scheduling of electricians, contractors, or other professional installation. by accessing or using any part of the site, you accept, without limitation or qualification, these terms. if you do not agree with all of the terms set forth on the site, you may not use any portion of the site. price and policy information found on this site is subject to change without notice. the garden gates reserves the right to change these terms and conditions of use at any time without notice. contact us name email message send this site is protected by recaptcha and the google privacy policy and terms of service apply. vip access + 10% off your first purchase enter your email subscribe get in touch +1 888-715-8885 email us follow us instagram facebook youtube twitter pinterest we accept american express mastercard visa important places military, first responder & teacher discountsprivacy policyabout uscontact usmy account help & shipping help questionsshipping informationterms of servicereturn policyrefund policy © 2023 the garden gates powered by shopify "close (esc)" "close (esc)"