来源URL: https://web.archive.org/web/20241208184303/https://www.thegardengates.com/pages/help-topics-questions-answers
================================================================================

help topics - questions & answers – the garden gates skip to content pause slideshow play slideshow discover more, go beyond the garden gates discover more, go beyond the garden gates instagram facebook youtube twitter pinterest ... site navigation the garden gates search close search account 0 cart ... site navigation close search close cancel fountains estate fountains 3 tiered estate fountains 4 tiered estate fountains basin estate fountains modern estate fountains patio fountains basin patio fountains bird bath fountains bowl patio fountains modern patio fountains natural patio fountains tiered patio fountains tabletop fountain bowl tabletop fountains figure tabletop fountains modern tabletop fountains natural tabletop fountains tiered tabletop fountains tiered fountains 2 tiered fountains 3 tiered fountains 4 tiered fountains pedestal fountains wall fountains basin wall fountains hanging wall fountains modern wall fountains tiered wall fountains cascading fountains glazed fountains lightweight fountains gfrc fountains resin fountains fountain care & accessories outdoor decor cast stone garden statues animal statues asian statues bird statues cat statues dog statues figure statues mythical statues religious statues zen frog statues lightweight garden statues animal resin statues figure resin statues gnome resin statues outdoor wall decor fairy resin statues metal garden statues bronze garden statues cast aluminum garden statues garden accents bird feeders bird houses baskets & trays rain chains sun catchers sundials garden bird baths cast stone large birdbaths cast stone small birdbaths copper birdbaths table top birdbaths garden decor hose holders pedestals pergolas & arbors pottery risers stepping stones trellises weathervanes & finials wind chimes classic wind chimes meditation wind chimes modern wind chimes ornate wind chimes solar wind chimes outdoor & patio furniture furniture collections chill furniture collection classic terrace furniture collection coastal furniture collection palm beach furniture collection piedmont furniture collection outdoor seating cast stone garden benches metal garden benches outdoor chairs outdoor sectionals outdoor sofas wooden garden benches outdoor tables accent tables bar tables & chairs counter tables & chairs dining tables garden tables patio accessories fire pits & fire bowls mail box accessories outdoor lighting outdoor rugs outdoor storage outdoor umbrellas planters & urns cast stone planters large planters medium planters small planters tabletop planters cast stone pedestals cast stone urns garden urns with pedestals large urns medium urns small urns tabletop urns fiberglass lightweight planters classic planters modern planters textured planters glazed ceramic planters ceramic jar planters glazed planter sets indoor glazed planters metal garden planters copper & bronze planters lightweight steel planter zinc garden planters terracotta planters antico terracotta planters brown clay terracotta planters classic terracotta planters farmer's pots self-watering planters rectangle planters square planters tall planters window box planters search close add order note close subtotal $0.00 check out shipping, taxes, and discount codes calculated at checkout. your cart is currently empty. fountains expand submenu fountains view all estate fountains expand submenu estate fountains view all 3 tiered estate fountains 4 tiered estate fountains basin estate fountains modern estate fountains patio fountains expand submenu patio fountains view all basin patio fountains bird bath fountains bowl patio fountains modern patio fountains natural patio fountains tiered patio fountains tabletop fountain expand submenu tabletop fountain view all bowl tabletop fountains figure tabletop fountains modern tabletop fountains natural tabletop fountains tiered tabletop fountains tiered fountains expand submenu tiered fountains view all 2 tiered fountains 3 tiered fountains 4 tiered fountains pedestal fountains wall fountains expand submenu wall fountains view all basin wall fountains hanging wall fountains modern wall fountains tiered wall fountains cascading fountains glazed fountains lightweight fountains expand submenu lightweight fountains view all gfrc fountains resin fountains fountain care & accessories outdoor decor expand submenu outdoor decor view all cast stone garden statues expand submenu cast stone garden statues view all animal statues asian statues bird statues cat statues dog statues figure statues mythical statues religious statues zen frog statues lightweight garden statues expand submenu lightweight garden statues view all animal resin statues figure resin statues gnome resin statues outdoor wall decor fairy resin statues metal garden statues expand submenu metal garden statues view all bronze garden statues cast aluminum garden statues garden accents expand submenu garden accents view all bird feeders bird houses baskets & trays rain chains sun catchers sundials garden bird baths expand submenu garden bird baths view all cast stone large birdbaths cast stone small birdbaths copper birdbaths table top birdbaths garden decor expand submenu garden decor view all hose holders pedestals pergolas & arbors pottery risers stepping stones trellises weathervanes & finials wind chimes expand submenu wind chimes view all classic wind chimes meditation wind chimes modern wind chimes ornate wind chimes solar wind chimes outdoor & patio furniture expand submenu outdoor & patio furniture view all furniture collections expand submenu furniture collections view all chill furniture collection classic terrace furniture collection coastal furniture collection palm beach furniture collection piedmont furniture collection outdoor seating expand submenu outdoor seating view all cast stone garden benches metal garden benches outdoor chairs outdoor sectionals outdoor sofas wooden garden benches outdoor tables expand submenu outdoor tables view all accent tables bar tables & chairs counter tables & chairs dining tables garden tables patio accessories expand submenu patio accessories view all fire pits & fire bowls mail box accessories outdoor lighting outdoor rugs outdoor storage outdoor umbrellas planters & urns expand submenu planters & urns view all cast stone planters expand submenu cast stone planters view all large planters medium planters small planters tabletop planters cast stone pedestals cast stone urns expand submenu cast stone urns view all garden urns with pedestals large urns medium urns small urns tabletop urns fiberglass lightweight planters expand submenu fiberglass lightweight planters view all classic planters modern planters textured planters glazed ceramic planters expand submenu glazed ceramic planters view all ceramic jar planters glazed planter sets indoor glazed planters metal garden planters expand submenu metal garden planters view all copper & bronze planters lightweight steel planter zinc garden planters terracotta planters expand submenu terracotta planters view all antico terracotta planters brown clay terracotta planters classic terracotta planters farmer's pots self-watering planters expand submenu self-watering planters view all rectangle planters square planters tall planters window box planters top searched color shown aged limestone alpine stone brownstone +13campania international large del rey fountain no reviews $3,959.99 $3,959.99 color shown aged limestone alpine stone brownstone +13campania international richmond hill fountain no reviews $3,559.99 $3,559.99 color shown aged limestone alpine stone brownstone +13campania international lunas fountain no reviews $359.99 $359.99 color shown aged limestone alpine stone brownstone +13campania international m-series kenzo fountain 1 review $244.99 $244.99 color shown aged limestone alpine stone brownstone +13campania international del rey fountain no reviews $1,479.99 $1,479.99 color shown aged limestone alpine stone brownstone +13campania international wiltshire fountain no reviews $3,559.99 $3,559.99 view more optional button "close (esc)" help topics - questions & answers contact us please let us know all your questions. we are always seeking to provide the best possible service to you. at any point you can contact us with order questions. we are available 9am-5pm monday to friday central standard time via chat and phone 888-715-8885. order email 24/7 via info@thegardengates.com order status what is the order process? once you have placed your order we will notify you via email with an order confirmation. you have 24 hours to make changes or cancel the order. for all custom orders once this time frame is up the order is in production and a final sale. every time there is an update for your order you will receive an email. this includes and is not limited to: confirmation production - timelines shipping - tracking and shipping details delivery follow up at any point you can contact us with order questions. we are available 9am-5pm monday to friday central standard time via chat and phone 888-715-8885. email 24/7 via info@thegardengates.com why just 24 hours to make any changes to my order? time is of the essence! we want to get your order started and shipped as soon as possible. since a large portion of the items on the site are custom and or super heavy we have adopted this policy as the standard. please contact us with any and every question you might have before placing the order. we strive to get the order right the first time! we are available 9am-5pm monday to friday central standard time via chat and phone 888-715-8885. email 24/7 via info@thegardengates.com refunds on canceled orders. canceled orders or items will be credited at the time of cancellation. by using our 24 hour policy, it also helps with the refund process. in the event you cancel an order, your refund will be processed right away. the time it takes to post back to your account will be based on the policy of your financial institution. we will also email you a confirmation of your cancellation. returned items have to be received back to the manufacturer, in the original packaging, and undamaged, before a refund can be issued. the refund will be the amount of the order less the shipping and restocking fees. how do i change quantities or cancel an item in my order? all changes must be submitted in writing via email. this is key to communications with our warehouses. email 24/7 via info@thegardengates.com we are available 9am-5pm monday to friday central standard time via chat and phone 888-715-8885. email 24/7 via info@thegardengates.com missing or lost delivery: double check the tracking number to see when the expected delivery date is or if your order has been delivered. if it has been delivered and you cannot find it, there are usually notes in the tracking as to where the package was left outside your home. check with neighbors in case the package went to the wrong house. if you still cannot find your package, please call the delivery company and have your tracking number ready for reference. as the receiver of the order, all claims must be submitted by you. we can provide as much assistance as possible, but this is the policy of the carriers we use. for orders that are confirmed delivered by the carrier and are missing, lost or stolen a claim must be filed with the carrier. any refunds given will be based on the final determination of this claim. the garden gates will not be held responsible for lost, stolen or missing orders. we will help you with the claims process and work to resolve the claim. an item missing from my shipment or product is missing parts. for convenience, some orders with multiple items will ship separately. review your email notification and tracking to see which items shipped and if there are still some on their way. please contact us if any component part is missing and we will get it shipped out to you as soon as possible. we are available 9am-5pm monday to friday central standard time via chat and phone 888-715-8885. email 24/7 via info@thegardengates.com i received the wrong product. email info@thegardengates.com immediately upon receipt of the incorrect product and include your order number as well as a picture of the incorrect item. when will my backorder arrive? all backorders will be kept open unless you have expressly indicated to cancel the backorder, with our 24 hour window. backorders experience various wait times, and we will do our best to keep you updated on the status of your backorder. please note that these dates are subject to change. for status updates or to cancel, please email info@thegardengates.com backorders after 24 hours of the placement of the order. it is rare but in some cases there is a delay in the production of one of the items. this is due to material availability, labor force and supply chain issues. all of which are out of our control. we strive to keep items in our collections that have the shortest possible lead time. however, we are not perfect. we can and will keep you updated along the way of this process, via email. we know that communicating with you is vital and all news of your order status will be at your finger tips. due to the methods and techniques of in the productions of our items, we can not cancel your order due to a delay in the production process. we work with skilled artists and craftsmen that have accounted for your item in their production process. you can always contact us: we are available 9am-5pm monday to friday central standard time via chat and phone 888-715-8885. order email 24/7 via info@thegardengates.com before placing an order for a custom made piece feel free to reach out and we can confirm the timeline of production and do our best to get ahead of any possible delays. shipping process shipping policy how do we ship? all smaller items, usually under 100 pounds, will ship a small parcel carrier like ups or fedex ground. depending on your location and time of year the average shipping time is about a week. for the big stuff, please read our full shipping policy. the short version, if it has to go on a pallet it is going to ship in a larger truck. we are only able to do free curbside delivery. these deliveries are by appointment and we will need a good phone number from you. emails are sent to you as this process moves along! we do not ship to a po box. can i delay my order for shipping and/or schedule a more specific time frame for delivery? yes, we understand that you will need assistance with managing the heavier items and are happy to accommodate this request. at the time of ordering please add any notes for shipping timelines in the text box provided on the check out page. please note, delays in scheduling a delivery once it has already shipped will incur storage fees. please refer to our shipping policies for more information. you can also contact us to make arrangements. at any point you can contact us with order questions. we are available 9am-5pm monday to friday central standard time via chat and phone 888-715-8885. email 24/7 via info@thegardengates.com shipping policy has my order shipped? we ship direct from our warehouses to you. once your order is processed we send it to our shipping and production facilities, they get it ready to go out the door to you. as much as we would like to have your items for you the very next day, this is just not possible with the type of collections we carry. we strive to find items that are special, made to order and curated by craftsmen. this means that some products will have a production time, while some will be ready to ship. depending on the type of product ordered will determine the timeline for production and shipping. some items ship within 24 hours and some can take up to 8 weeks. please see our shipping information for all the details. shipping policy you will receive an email notification when your order ships. if you cannot find your email, go to the my account link at the top right-hand side of our site and log in to check your order status. if you checked out as a guest, you can email info@thegardengates.com for an update. at any point you can contact us with order questions. we are available 9am-5pm monday to friday central standard time via chat and phone 888-715-8885. email 24/7 via info@thegardengates.com how do i track my order? there will be tracking information in the email notification you receive when your order ships. simply copy the tracking number and paste it into your browser to get the tracking info. if you cannot find this information, you can log into your account and get the tracking information there. multiple items from different warehouses will require separate tracking numbers. an email for each tracking will be sent to your email address. ltl shipments will have a pro number as the tracking number. we will provide you with a link to their websites for tracking and delivery details. at any point you can contact us with order questions. we are available 9am-5pm monday to friday central standard time via chat and phone 888-715-8885. email 24/7 via info@thegardengates.com can i have my order expedited? we are so sorry, but due to the nature of these amazing items we can not expedite an order. can my order ship internationally? we are so sorry, but due to the nature of these amazing items we can not ship internationally. how much is my shipping? standard shipping is free. my heavy order has shipped and i need to change the delivery date. when you have an order that ships ltl (less than truckload), the carrier will call you to schedule an appointment for your curbside delivery. in the event that you can not make an appointment with the shipping company, and your order goes into storage, you will be responsible for the storage fees. let's do our best by avoiding this issue altogether! contact us before your order ships and let us know what your schedule is looking like around the estimated time of delivery. that way we can hold off moving your order, keeping it safe with us at our warehouse(s), and shipping it when you are ready. communication is key here and we are ready to assist! shipping policy at any point you can contact us with order questions. we are available 9am-5pm monday to friday central standard time via chat and phone 888-715-8885. email 24/7 via info@thegardengates.com my account how do i create an account? you can create an account during the checkout process, or go to my account on the homepage. this is very useful in managing your order and checking in on the tracking. especially if you are ordering a large item. how do i edit my account information? sign into your account and edit your information. if you have trouble please let us know! at any point you can contact us with questions. we are available 9am-5pm monday to friday central standard time via chat and phone 888-715-8885. email 24/7 via info@thegardengates.com why didn't i get an email confirmation? check to make sure your email address is keyed correctly. you may also call us to confirm that your order is processed and your details are correct. we can make any adjustments needed. check your spam and junk folders. if your emailed order confirmation did go to spam or junk please redirect it to your regular inbox. do you sell gift cards? yes!! what a great gift for the gardener in your life! pricing and billing do i have to pay sales tax? order totals shown during checkout reflect estimated sales tax. your credit card will be charged with all applicable taxes at the time of shipment and will appear on your invoice. we charge taxes based on state and local tax laws and rates. taxes depend on the delivery address and warehouse location. where required, taxes are applied to shipping and handling charges. if you return an item, your refund will include taxes paid on the item but not taxes paid on shipping and handling. if you have any questions, please email info@thegardengates.com if you are making a purchase as a tax-exempt organization or individual, please contact us. have the necessary paperwork ready to send in so that we can verify this status before approving the purchase. payment methods we currently take mastercard, visa, american express i have a question about my charges. at any point you can contact us with questions. we are available 9am-5pm monday to friday central standard time via chat and phone 888-715-8885. email 24/7 via info@thegardengates.com i need a copy of my receipt/invoice. you will receive an email confirmation at the time of your order. we recommend that you save and print this for your records. if you cannot find your email confirmation, please email info@thegardengates.com for a copy of your invoice or receipt. when will my credit appear on my account? you will be credited once we receive the returned order and have properly inspected it. canceled orders or items will be credited at the time of cancellation. by using our 24 hour policy, it also helps with the refund process. in the event you cancel an order, your refund will be processed right away. the time it takes to post back to your account will be based on the policy of your financial institution. when will my credit card be charged? for all orders, your credit card will be charged at the time of purchase. privacy policy your privacy is important to us. we do not sell any customer information when you purchase from us. rest assured that all the information in your customer account and order is safe and not used outside of the garden gates for any purpose. security protecting our customers online is our top priority. we are an authorized merchant by authorize.net and geotrust. your credit card information is never stored after it is used, and our site is protected against outside parties throughout the entire checkout process. you can also read more in general term & conditions we only accept visa, master card and american express. we will never ask you for your credit card information over the phone or in an email. the best practice for placing an order is through your computer. this insures your information is not shared. we will help you through this process and will not ask for your credit card or payment information. if needed we can provide a secure link via email to complete your purchase. buyer's guide how do i find my product and navigate the site? use the search bar at the top of the screen or use the drop down menus for navigation. go back to the main page by selecting our logo. access the cart at the top right of your screen. access your account at the top right of your screen. all the company information is located at the bottom of your screen. select any image to go to that product’s collection. newsletter and blog sign up is at the bottom! how do i get a coupon code? sign up for our emails! how do i use a coupon code? coupon codes are issued and available to use at different times throughout the year. enter your coupon code at checkout and hit apply to make sure your code is still current. i am a designer or contractor, do you offer any business to business discounts? yes, and we want to work with you! we are a group of designers and artisans that know the steps to a great successful project. please contact us to discuss your project and how we can help you make it fabulous! we are available 9am-5pm monday to friday central standard time via chat and phone 888-715-8885. email 24/7 via info@thegardengates.com product safety what is california proposition 65? you see will this listed on the product pages that it pertains to and can download the details if needed. this is the link to the california website containing all the details https://www.p65warnings.ca.gov/ warning: california residents - pro 65 do your items come with instructions? yes, most of our products come with instructions and some even have really awesome videos! most you can access through the product page itself, but if you need us to send them to you we can email them as well. you should receive a paper copy for the big and/or complicated items in your shipping box. contact us name email message send this site is protected by hcaptcha and the hcaptcha privacy policy and terms of service apply. vip access + 10% off your first purchase enter your email subscribe important places military, first responder & teacher discountsprivacy policyabout uscontact usmy account we accept american express mastercard visa get in touch +1 888-715-8885 email us follow us instagram facebook youtube twitter pinterest help & shipping help questionsreturn policyshipping informationterms of service © 2025 the garden gates powered by shopify "close (esc)" "close (esc)"