来源URL: https://web.archive.org/web/20250419230248/https://www.thegardengates.com/pages/refund-policy
================================================================================

returns and shipping claims | the garden gates – the garden gates skip to content pause slideshow play slideshow celebrate earth day! use code planet25 for 15% off* your purchase. *excludes berlin gardens celebrate earth day! use code planet25 for 15% off* your purchase. *excludes berlin gardens instagram facebook youtube twitter pinterest ... site navigation the garden gates search close search account 0 cart ... site navigation close search close cancel fountains estate fountains 3 tiered estate fountains 4 tiered estate fountains basin estate fountains modern estate fountains patio fountains basin patio fountains bird bath fountains bowl patio fountains modern patio fountains natural patio fountains tiered patio fountains tabletop fountain bowl tabletop fountains figure tabletop fountains modern tabletop fountains natural tabletop fountains tiered tabletop fountains tiered fountains 2 tiered fountains 3 tiered fountains 4 tiered fountains pedestal fountains wall fountains basin wall fountains hanging wall fountains modern wall fountains tiered wall fountains cascading fountains glazed fountains lightweight fountains gfrc fountains resin fountains fountain care & accessories outdoor decor cast stone garden statues animal statues asian statues bird statues cat statues dog statues figure statues mythical statues religious statues zen frog statues lightweight garden statues animal resin statues figure resin statues gnome resin statues outdoor wall decor fairy resin statues metal garden statues bronze garden statues cast aluminum garden statues garden accents bird feeders bird houses baskets & trays rain chains sun catchers sundials garden bird baths cast stone large birdbaths cast stone small birdbaths copper birdbaths table top birdbaths garden decor hose holders pedestals pergolas & arbors pottery risers stepping stones trellises weathervanes & finials wind chimes classic wind chimes meditation wind chimes modern wind chimes ornate wind chimes solar wind chimes outdoor & patio furniture furniture collections chill furniture collection classic terrace furniture collection coastal furniture collection palm beach furniture collection piedmont furniture collection outdoor seating cast stone garden benches metal garden benches outdoor chairs outdoor sectionals outdoor sofas wooden garden benches outdoor tables accent tables bar tables & chairs counter tables & chairs dining tables garden tables patio accessories fire pits & fire bowls mail box accessories outdoor lighting outdoor rugs outdoor storage outdoor umbrellas planters & urns cast stone planters large planters medium planters small planters tabletop planters cast stone pedestals cast stone urns garden urns with pedestals large urns medium urns small urns tabletop urns fiberglass lightweight planters classic planters modern planters textured planters glazed ceramic planters ceramic jar planters glazed planter sets indoor glazed planters metal garden planters copper & bronze planters lightweight steel planter zinc garden planters terracotta planters antico terracotta planters brown clay terracotta planters classic terracotta planters farmer's pots self-watering planters rectangle planters square planters tall planters window box planters search close add order note close subtotal $0.00 check out shipping, taxes, and discount codes calculated at checkout. your cart is currently empty. fountains expand submenu fountains view all estate fountains expand submenu estate fountains view all 3 tiered estate fountains 4 tiered estate fountains basin estate fountains modern estate fountains patio fountains expand submenu patio fountains view all basin patio fountains bird bath fountains bowl patio fountains modern patio fountains natural patio fountains tiered patio fountains tabletop fountain expand submenu tabletop fountain view all bowl tabletop fountains figure tabletop fountains modern tabletop fountains natural tabletop fountains tiered tabletop fountains tiered fountains expand submenu tiered fountains view all 2 tiered fountains 3 tiered fountains 4 tiered fountains pedestal fountains wall fountains expand submenu wall fountains view all basin wall fountains hanging wall fountains modern wall fountains tiered wall fountains cascading fountains glazed fountains lightweight fountains expand submenu lightweight fountains view all gfrc fountains resin fountains fountain care & accessories outdoor decor expand submenu outdoor decor view all cast stone garden statues expand submenu cast stone garden statues view all animal statues asian statues bird statues cat statues dog statues figure statues mythical statues religious statues zen frog statues lightweight garden statues expand submenu lightweight garden statues view all animal resin statues figure resin statues gnome resin statues outdoor wall decor fairy resin statues metal garden statues expand submenu metal garden statues view all bronze garden statues cast aluminum garden statues garden accents expand submenu garden accents view all bird feeders bird houses baskets & trays rain chains sun catchers sundials garden bird baths expand submenu garden bird baths view all cast stone large birdbaths cast stone small birdbaths copper birdbaths table top birdbaths garden decor expand submenu garden decor view all hose holders pedestals pergolas & arbors pottery risers stepping stones trellises weathervanes & finials wind chimes expand submenu wind chimes view all classic wind chimes meditation wind chimes modern wind chimes ornate wind chimes solar wind chimes outdoor & patio furniture expand submenu outdoor & patio furniture view all furniture collections expand submenu furniture collections view all chill furniture collection classic terrace furniture collection coastal furniture collection palm beach furniture collection piedmont furniture collection outdoor seating expand submenu outdoor seating view all cast stone garden benches metal garden benches outdoor chairs outdoor sectionals outdoor sofas wooden garden benches outdoor tables expand submenu outdoor tables view all accent tables bar tables & chairs counter tables & chairs dining tables garden tables patio accessories expand submenu patio accessories view all fire pits & fire bowls mail box accessories outdoor lighting outdoor rugs outdoor storage outdoor umbrellas planters & urns expand submenu planters & urns view all cast stone planters expand submenu cast stone planters view all large planters medium planters small planters tabletop planters cast stone pedestals cast stone urns expand submenu cast stone urns view all garden urns with pedestals large urns medium urns small urns tabletop urns fiberglass lightweight planters expand submenu fiberglass lightweight planters view all classic planters modern planters textured planters glazed ceramic planters expand submenu glazed ceramic planters view all ceramic jar planters glazed planter sets indoor glazed planters metal garden planters expand submenu metal garden planters view all copper & bronze planters lightweight steel planter zinc garden planters terracotta planters expand submenu terracotta planters view all antico terracotta planters brown clay terracotta planters classic terracotta planters farmer's pots self-watering planters expand submenu self-watering planters view all rectangle planters square planters tall planters window box planters top searched color shown aged limestone alpine stone brownstone +13campania international large del rey fountain no reviews $3,959.99 $3,959.99 color shown aged limestone alpine stone brownstone +13campania international richmond hill fountain no reviews $3,559.99 $3,559.99 color shown aged limestone alpine stone brownstone +13campania international lunas fountain no reviews $359.99 $359.99 color shown aged limestone alpine stone brownstone +13campania international m-series kenzo fountain 1 review $244.99 $244.99 color shown aged limestone alpine stone brownstone +13campania international del rey fountain no reviews $1,479.99 $1,479.99 color shown aged limestone alpine stone brownstone +13campania international wiltshire fountain no reviews $3,559.99 $3,559.99 view more optional button "close (esc)" returns and shipping claims the garden gates return policy and shipping claims damaged items & submitting a claim claims@thegardengates.com when you receive your order, inspect the outer package for any damages as soon as it arrives. if there are any damages upon opening your shipment, please take notes and pictures so that you can provide us with all pertinent details. all damages must be submitted within 48 hours of delivery email the picture(s) that best represents the damage to your product and provide any helpful information in the description section. if the outside of the package was noticeably damaged, did you tell the delivery person when it arrived? does the damage look related to shipping, or does it appear product-related? does the entire item need to be replaced or just a part? please let us know any details that will help us to serve you best. send all pertinent information to claims@thegardengates.com. once your report has been submitted, a customer service representative will begin processing your damage report and will contact you with further details. the garden gates reserves the right to repair or replace damaged items at its sole discretion. determination of what warrants a repair or a replacement is on a case-by-case basis. the garden gates' trained staff has the knowledge to decide how a damaged product will be repaired based on the extent of damage, item availability, and so forth. the garden gates will request pictures of the item, packaging, and other relevant images. failure to provide adequate images or timely notification of damage may void any repair or replacement measures. returns and exchanges: login to your garden gates account and locate your order number, verify that the contact information is correct, check if the item is to be returned or replaced, and include a reason for the return or exchange. email info@thegardengates.com with the necessary information for return. we will review your request for return and email an ra number and instructions for returning the item if the item is eligible for return. if you were not signed into your account when the order was placed, you must email info@thegardengates.com to get the ra number. please let us know your reason for return/exchange and have your order number ready. the item must be shipped back to the manufacturer. please allow for time to obtain their proper ra number and shipping information. once you have shipped your item back to the manufacturer, please email your tracking number to info@thegardengates.com for reference. failure to do so may delay the refund process. eligible items for return: items must be returned in their original packaging in unused condition. soiled/used items will be refused and returned to you at your expense. returns on eligible items that are not defective will incur at least 25%, or the value determined by the terms set forth by the manufacturer, restocking fee, or exchange for an item of equal or lesser value. refunds will be issued in the original payment form and price, less shipping and handling, re-stocking fees, gift wrap, and return shipping charges. standard shipping charges will apply for all "free shipped" non-defective items. eligible items for return - that have been unused remain in original packaging, that are not made to order, custom or personalized order cancellation you have 24 hours from the day of your order to make any changes. please notify us in writing to info@thegardengates.com. the customer must make cancellations on the order; no third-party cancellations will be authorized. due to the production process, some items cannot be canceled. this includes and is not limited to campania international. before placing your order for any of these collections, please consult with one of our on-staff designers and technicians for all your questions. orders shipped while the order is still in transit to the customer are subject to a re-stocking fee, and the customer is responsible for all shipping fees. final sale final sale items are not eligible for return or exchange. this includes but is not limited to trunk show items, discounted items, and custom-ordered items. any products made from natural elements such as reclaimed wood, timber, linen, cast stone, and so forth may not be returned or exchanged due to color variation. due to the production process, some items are final sale, including but not limited to campania international. before placing your order for any of these collections, please consult with one of our on-staff designers and technicians for all your questions. custom orders custom items, monogrammed or personalized items, and any item made to order, including furniture, bedding, lighting, and rugs, are not returnable or refundable. outdoor products which are stained or painted to order are considered custom orders. returns will not be accepted based on color variances for any product that is considered custom. the average production timeframe for all cast stone pieces by campania international is 5-7 business days. this is from when the order is placed until it is prepared to ship. after submitting payment, you have 24 hours to notify the garden gates if any changes need to be made to your order. should the production time frame need to be extended for quality control measures or to ensure the safe travel of the order, you will be notified by email. each piece is handmade in the usa and shipped directly from the manufacturer. you have 24 hours from when the order was placed to cancel a custom order and have the amount refunded to your credit card. after 24 hours, custom orders are non-refundable. when receiving freight items such as furniture and outdoor decor, please inspect all packages carefully for any damage that may have occurred in transit. claims against damaged items must be made within 48 hours of receiving the order. after 48 hours, claims will not be accepted or resolved. for specific product policies, please see our vendor warranties. if custom furniture does not meet the ordered specifications, please get in touch with the garden gates immediately to have items replaced or reshipped. the garden gates does everything it can to guarantee speedy and safe delivery of your products and special orders. we try our best to ensure that everything is processed and on its way within 7-15 business days; however, circumstances out of our control may affect this. some brands require a 6-8 week production time until products ship. we welcome inquiries into delivery estimations and provide our customers with tracking information. if the customer refuses a shipment, the customer will be charged for any shipping and freight charges, including those incurred to ship the item to the customer and the return shipping or freight. if a shipment is delayed and incurs storage fees, the customer will be responsible for payment of those fees. shipping via ltl freight truck many heavier items, such as those made with cast stone, or oversized items, such as furniture, will ship with an ltl (less than truckload) freight truck. this process is simple. however, there are a few points to know when receiving your order. please inform us of any particular circumstances when you place your order. additional services requested during delivery will result in further delays when receiving your item. the free shipping option is for all of the products. for our oversized items, this service stops at your curbside. storage fees are charged if there is a delay when receiving your delivery. the amount will be the responsibility of the consumer. please communicate with us regarding any special needs for your delivery when the order is placed to avoid this circumstance. the delivery company will contact you to set up an appointment using the information provided on the order. please be sure your phone number and email address are correct. please get in touch with us with any corrections right away to info@thegardengates.com. failing to provide the proper contact information can delay delivery and possibly storage fees. at the time of delivery, please inspect your order. please note on the bol (delivery ticket) pending internal inspection. please report any defects in the packing and take pictures. if your item is damaged in shipping, this information is vital in processing and resolving your claim quickly. warranty center during the life of your product, you may find an abnormality or run into a rare issue that is covered by warranty. although uncommon, we need to be notified of any problems immediately to determine the nature of the case. warranties often cover repair or replacement but within concrete time frames, and we want to make sure that your warranty does not expire before it's too late. our warranty center was designed to help you quickly pull up your order information, upload a picture of the issue or damage, and write a detailed description of it. enter your order number or email address, and your order overview will appear on the details screen. you can upload a picture and send us a problem description from there. be sure to let us know when you started to experience the pain, what area of the product is affected, and how. once your warranty report has been submitted, a customer service representative will begin processing it and contact you with further details. by accessing or using any part of the site, you accept these terms without limitation or qualification. if you do not agree with all of the terms set forth on the site, you may not use any portion of the site. price and policy information on this site is subject to change without notice. the garden gates reserves the right to change these terms and conditions of use without notice. contact us name email message send this site is protected by hcaptcha and the hcaptcha privacy policy and terms of service apply. vip access + 10% off your first purchase enter your email subscribe important places military, first responder & teacher discountsprivacy policyabout uscontact usmy account we accept american express mastercard visa get in touch +1 888-715-8885 email us follow us instagram facebook youtube twitter pinterest help & shipping help questionsreturn policyshipping informationterms of service © 2025 the garden gates powered by shopify "close (esc)" "close (esc)"