来源URL: https://web.archive.org/web/20101227133053/http://www.barenecessities.com/customerservice.aspx
================================================================================

customer service at bare necessities bare necessities now accepts paypal ask jenny! your style questions ask now 0 items in your cart bras panties shapewear hosiery & socks sleepwear clothing new! swimwear accessories footwear new! slips & camis plus size now on sale view all brands underwear t-shirts shapewear new! sleep & lounge socks & slippers swimwear multi-packs now on sale great deals shop by bra size our top 10 lists fit tips & guides maternity & nursing privacy policy like us follow us customer service - faq's placing an order are my items in stock? what about backorders? what are my payment options? is it safe to use my credit card? is gift wrapping available? are gift invoices available? where can i enter a coupon or promotional code? what is my shopper id? how do i change my membership information? how do i order by mail or fax? shipping and returns how much do you charge for shipping? can i track my order? when will my order be shipped? does bare necessities accept international orders? what is bare necessities' return policy? who pays for return shipping? how do i return something? about bare necessities what about my privacy? what are cookies? does bare necessities use them? how do i subscribe to the bare necessities mailing list? how can i submit comments and suggestions? international orders canadian customers - click here are my items in stock? bare necessities site has real-time inventory, which means that you can see the availability of any color/size combination on each product's web page. back ordered items are also shown in the order confirmation email. back to top what about backorders? there is no additional cost to ship backorders. there is only one shipping & handling charge per order and it is charged when your first shipment is sent. additional shipments are shipped at no additional cost to you. backordered items are shipped as they become available via united states postal service (usps) or ups. backordered items will be grouped and shipped together when appropriate. you will be notified via email if one or more items will be delayed beyond the date range specified on the product page. back to top what are my payment options? we accept visa, mastercard, american express, discover, bill me later and paypal online. you may also place your order by printing our order form and mailing it to us with a check or money order enclosed. please be aware that orders placed with personal checks require an additional two weeks to process. for your security please do not send cash. back to top is it safe to use my credit card? yes, shopping at bare necessities is safe. our secure server software encrypts information, ensuring that internet transactions stay private and protected. we use secure sockets layer (ssl) technology, considered the gold standard in internet encryption technology, to protect the security of your credit card information as it is transmitted to us. under the fair credit billing act, your bank or credit card company cannot hold you liable for more than $50 of unauthorized or fraudulent charges on a credit card. your liability for unauthorized use of a debit card may be higher, but most debit card issuers voluntarily apply the $50 limit to their cards, as well. if your bank does hold you liable for any amount up to $50, bare necessities will cover the liability imposed on you, up to $50. bare necessities will cover this amount only if the unauthorized use of your credit card occurred at bare necessities, as determined by your credit card company, and through no fault of your own. you must notify your card provider, in accordance with the agreement you have with the company, if unauthorized use of your credit or debit card does occur. you may also place your order by printing our order form and faxing or mailing it to us. you may need adobe acrobat reader to view/print the order form. download adobe acrobat reader back to top is gift wrapping available? we take great pride in our packaging - each order is carefully wrapped in delicate green tissue and placed inside an unmarked shipping box or shipping envelope. at this time we do not offer gift wrapping services although we do offer gift invoices. bare necessities gift invoices are quite similar to our normal invoices with the exception that they do not contain pricing information. please be aware that the order confirmation email does contain pricing information regardless of the type of invoice accompanying the shipment. back to top are gift invoices available? yes! during the checkout process you will have an opportunity to choose to have a gift invoice enclosed with your order. bare necessities gift invoices are quite similar to our normal invoices with the exception that they do not contain pricing information. please be aware that the order confirmation email does contain pricing information regardless of the type of invoice accompanying the shipment. back to top where can i enter a coupon or promotional code? occasionally we offer coupon or promotional codes to our customers. to use one of these codes, please enter the code on the "payment" page of our checkout process. if you place your order over the phone, please inform the customer service agent that you have a code. only one coupon code may be used per order. back to top what is my shopper id? your shopper id is 1846bf a shopper id is a unique id that identifies what is in your shopping cart. in the event that you are experiencing technical difficulties, or do not wish to continue on your own, you may call customer service to complete your transaction. by providing our customer service representatives with this shopper id, we can make this experience speedier and more convenient for you. back to top how do i change my membership information? personal information relating to you and your order history are only available to you if you provide the correct password that you create. to access your private information, you first sign in, and then you can edit or delete your information through the "my account" page. back to top how do i order by mail or fax? you may place your order by printing our order form and faxing or mailing it to us. you may need adobe acrobat reader to view/print the order form. download adobe acrobat reader back to top how much do you charge for shipping? below are delivery estimates for in-stock items (backordered items will be delivered as they become available, via either ups or usps, at no extra cost to you). your shipping options and costs will vary based on your delivery address and package weight. your actual shipping charges will be reflected at checkout. shipping method delivery by* ordersbelow $50 orders$50 and up shoprunner , free 2-day shipping guaranteed delivery 1-2 business days free free standard shipping estimated7-10 business days $5 free preferred shipping estimated3-6 business days $6.95flat rate just $2.95flat rate usps priority mail estimated4-7 business days starts at $7.00 starts at $7.00 ups ground estimated3-6 business days starts at $8.95 starts at $8.95 2-day delivery guaranteed delivery 2-3 business days starts at $8.95 starts at $8.95 ups next day air guaranteed delivery 1-2 business days starts at $22 starts at $22 ups next day air saturday delivery guaranteed delivery by saturday starts at $35 starts at $35 shipping is available to all 50 united states, apo/fpo/dpo addresses, u.s. territories (guam, puerto rico, u.s. virgin islands), rural routes and p.o. box addresses. available shipping methods will vary based on your shipping address. standard shipping and preferred shipping may ship via either usps or ups. our 2-day delivery ships via ups. if you require a certain carrier, please see other shipping options offered above or call us at 877-728-9272 for assistance. shipping fees are not refundable. * about guaranteed shipping methods: if you select a guaranteed shipping method (2-day delivery, ups 3 day select, ups next day air or saturday delivery) and an attempt to deliver the package is not made by the date shown during your checkout process, we will refund your shipping costs. this guarantee applies to the delivery of in-stock items only. please allow an additional 5–7 business days for deliveries to alaska, hawaii, u.s. territories, po boxes or military apo/fpo addresses. all orders are subject to verification. shoprunner is a membership program that gives you and your family unlimited free 2-day shipping and other great benefits on millions of eligible items from the biggest and the best. eligible items, (those with a green shoprunner logo next to them) will ship free 2-day. the term "2-day" describes the number of business days your package is in transit after it leaves our warehouse. "2-day shipping" means that your order will arrive at the shipping address within 2 business days from the time it leaves our warehouse. orders with shoprunner shipping that are placed before 3:00 pm est on a business day will leave our warehouse the same day. orders with shoprunner shipping that are place after 3:00 pm est on a business day will leave our warehouse the next business day. out of stock items will ship as they become available. orders with shoprunner shipping placed on a non-business day will ship the next business day. shoprunner only ships to physical addresses in the united states (including alaska, hawaii and puerto rico). po box, apo/fpo/dpo are excluded from the shoprunner program. back to top can i track my order? once your order is shipped, you will be sent an email confirmation. your email confirmation will include applicable ups tracking or postal delivery confirmation information. back to top when will my order be shipped? we usually ship in stock items within 1-3 business days, excluding holidays. select shipping methods ship the same day for in-stock orders placed by 3pm et- see our shipping methods above, for details. don’t forget it is never too late to send an e-gift certificate. back to top does bare necessities accept international orders? currently we only accept orders that ship to the united states, canada, puerto rico, us virgin islands, apos, fpos and dpos. back to top what is bare necessities' return policy? we have a no-hassle return policy: if you are not satisfied with your purchase, you may return it for a prompt credit or exchange. simply return unworn merchandise with all tags attached within 60 days for an exchange or refund. credits or charges due will be issued to the original credit card. please note that exchanges are processed as a return and a subsequent shipment. you will receive a credit issued back to your original payment method for the item(s) you are returning, and then charged separately for the exchange when it ships. returns after 60 days will result in an online credit. please allow up to 10 business days from date received for your return/exchange to be processed. initial shipping fees and return shipping costs are not refundable. back to top who pays for return shipping? you do. for your convenience, we will include a pre-paid return label in your package. when we process your return, a fee of $6.95 will be deducted from your return credit. alternatively you may ship it yourself. we recommend using an insured, traceable method. your return will be processed and your credit card credited within ten business days. please allow up to two billing cycles for a refund to appear on your credit card statement. if you request a replacement item as an exchange, there is no additional fee to ship your exchange to you, only the $6.95 return fee for your return package will be applied to your return if you choose to use our bare necessities return label. if you would like to upgrade your shipping method please contact customer service at 877-728-9272. an additional shipping cost will apply for shipping upgrades. in the unlikely event that we have inadvertently sent you incorrect merchandise or you received damaged merchandise, please notify us immediately. we will reimburse you for the cost of returning the package to us, and we will not charge you for the shipping costs of replacement merchandise. back to top how do i return something? you will find a return-and-exchange form enclosed with your order. to return an item, complete the form and enclose it with the merchandise you are returning. please indicate on the form whether you would prefer a refund or an exchange, and allow ten business days for your return or exchange to be processed. we will notify you via e-mail of your refund once we have received and processed the returned item. shipping fees on your original order are not refundable. for your convenience, we include a pre-paid return label in your package. when we process your return, a fee of $6.95 will be deducted from your return credit. please follow these instructions for using our pre-paid return label: step 1: affix the pre-addressed return label to your package. cover or remove the original shipping label. step 2: package the return and seal securely with tape. step 3: drop your package anywhere in the u.s. mail: at home, at work, or with your postal carrier. no payment is necessary at the time you mail your package with our pre-paid return label. if your pre-paid return label is lost or damaged, please contact customer service at 877-728-9272, so that a replacement label can be emailed to you. you may also choose to return your package via an alternate method of your choice. if so, please label your package clearly, and send it via a prepaid, insured, traceable method. please note that your return shipping fees will not be refundable. address the package to bare necessities, returns center, 280 raritan center pkwy, edison, n.j. 08837-3610. shoprunner returns: as a shoprunner member, returns are easy and free of charge. shoprunner members please click here to log into your shoprunner account and print a pre-paid return label. if you have any questions or need additional return labels, please be sure to contact shoprunner at memberservices@shoprunner.com or call 1-888-771-7467. back to top what about my privacy? we are committed to protecting your privacy. we use the information we collect on the site to make shopping at barenecessities.com possible and to enhance your overall shopping experience. click on this link to view our complete privacy policy. back to top what are cookies? does bare necessities use them? simply put, a cookie is a small piece of information that web sites use to remember information about users. bare necessities uses two types of cookies to recognize our members. we use transient cookies to provide continuity from page to page. they do not contain any personally identifying information. bare necessities uses persistent cookies to identify members after their first visit. back to top how do i subscribe to the bare necessities mailing list? sign-up using our online form, or call customer service (877) 728-9272 (8:30am-5:30pm et), and we'll be happy to add you to our mailing list. back to top how can i submit comments and suggestions? you can send email to info@barenecessities.com, use our feedback form, or call us at (877) 728-9272 during business hours, monday through friday 8:30am to 5:30pm et. for questions about your order, our customer service agents are available to assist you monday-friday between 8:30am-5:30pm. to place a new order, call anytime. we're available 24 hours a day, 7 days a week. back to top site map  join our mailing list  returns & exchanges  shipping info  about us  affiliate program  contact us  privacy policy established 1998 copyright and disclaimer © 1997-2010, bareweb, inc., bare necessities®