来源URL: https://web.archive.org/web/20121227010535/http://www.barenecessities.com/contactus.aspx
================================================================================

need help? 1.877.728.9272 track my order | my account | sign in 0 items in your cart bras panties dd+ plus shapewear hosiery workout swim men brands clearance bras bras by size panties dd+ plus size shapewear hosiery & socks workout swim sleepwear clothing accessories footwear bridal sexy lingerie new arrivals sale multi-packs briefs boxer briefs boxers t-shirts & undershirts workout sleep & lounge socks new arrivals sale new - parisa fe new - under armour arlotta cashmere spanx le mystère glamorise prima donna ugg australia wacoal chantelle elomi panache hanky panky lyssé yummie tummie view all brands fit tips & advice top 10 sports bras luxury wacoal perfect 10 men's top picks general inquiries: info@barenecessities.com order-related inquiries: orders@barenecessities.com affiliate information: affiliates@barenecessities.com press / media: press@barenecessities.com buying department: brands@barenecessities.com marketing & business inquiries: corporate@barenecessities.com employment: jobs@barenecessities.com click here to send us a message via our online form. general: 1-732-902-5000 fax: 1-732-902-5001 customer service: 1-877-728-9272* *for questions about your order, our customer service agents are available to assist you monday-friday between 8:30am-5:30pm. to place a new order, call anytime. we're available 24 hours a day, 7 days a week. bare necessities 90 northfield avenue edison, n.j. 08837-3610 for returns please click here for address information. bare necessities is experiencing explosive growth, it is the #2 online specialty retailer of branded bras and intimates for women and men, and will only consider extremely highly-qualified candidates for a position. be prepared to submit a detailed resume that describes accomplishments and substantiates the claims with hard metrics. be prepared to submit impressive references to further substantiate your experience.positions are based in edison, nj. application developer position overview we are in need of a talented .net developer to join our growing technical team. the developer should be well versed in asp.net, javascript, sql, html and css and ideally will have experience developing and maintaining high-traffic ecommerce websites. if you are a .net developer looking for a permanent position and have the appropriate experience, we'd love to tell you more about this amazing opportunity! essential job functions •	build and manage all internal software products, including our ecommerce websites and multiple backend systems •	assist in all stages of sdlc •	work with the marketing and design teams to design, develop, deploy and support new initiatives and functionality •	work with project managers to accurately estimate the work effort on projects resulting in timely delivery of features •	collaborate with business owners and business analysts to build well-defined requirements resulting in well-documented and intuitive systems •	collaborate with qa testers to create and execute strong unit and functional test plans resulting in stable, defect-free systems •	work with server administrators to plan for, implement and support high-performance, well-instrumented software expertise in the following technologies •	.net framework 3.5 or higher, c#, asp.net, ado.net •	html, css, xml, json •	javascript, jquery, ajax •	ms sql server including data design and stored procedure development requirements •	must be a well-rounded developer with strong computer science fundamentals •	ability to design and apply common paradigms across a variety of languages and technologies •	must have excellent verbal and written communication skills •	practical experience with load testing and performance tuning of software systems •	familiarity with unit/integration testing and continuous integration other skills/abilities •	experience with high-volume distributed ecommerce applications •	familiarity with primary and supporting retail software systems and technologies (erp, wms, edi, cms etc.) •	familiarity with microsoft commerce server 2007 or later •	experience with ms sql server ssrs and ssis •	experience with tfs 2010 source control and build automation bare necessities is the multi-channel retailer of brand name and designer intimate apparel and men's underwear. launched in december 1998, bare necessities is the second largest online lingerie retailer and has sold more than 5 million bras. our flagship website, www.barenecessities.com, offers lingerie, shapewear, swimwear, sleepwear, hosiery and men's underwear from more than 180 brands, including calvin klein, wacoal, spanx, hanky panky, chantelle, elomi and la perla. we offer competitive salary and benefits. bare necessities is located in edison, nj. bare necessities - customer service representative – open position bare necessities is the multi-channel retailer of brand name and designer intimate apparel and men's underwear. launched in december 1998, bare necessities is the second largest online lingerie retailer and has sold more than 5 million bras. our flagship website, www.barenecessities.com offers lingerie, shapewear, swimwear, sleepwear, hosiery and men's underwear from more than 180 brands, including calvin klein, wacoal, spanx, hanky panky, chantelle, elomi and la perla. the job will be located in our edison, new jersey office. if you have a passion for serving people, love learning, and enjoy a face-paced environment, our customer service team could be the right place for you! customer service team mission statement: we strive to create repeat customers by exceeding the customer expectation with each shopping experience. as intimate apparel consultants, we will share our knowledge of our products and match your need with the best possible solution. our highest quality of customer service will help make bare necessities a household name. position summary: as a customer service representative you will be responsible for placing phone orders and responding to customer inquiries via phone and email. you will be expected to provide outstanding customer service measured by team goals, industry service level standards and most importantly customer satisfaction. candidate requirements: we are looking for candidates with strong communication, organization and follow up skills. at least three years’ experience as a customer service representative or previous exposure to a call center environment is preferred. associates degree or higher preferred. start date: 2/4/13 hours: regular hours are 9:30 am to 6 pm; additional hours and saturdays required occasionally. affiliate marketing manager the affiliate marketing manageris responsible for overseeing and optimizing the performance of online sales channels, including affiliate, comparison shopping engines, marketplaces and online advertising and sponsorships. this role will work closely with the marketing, merchandising and creative teams to develop and maximize marketing campaigns through online partnerships, and will be responsible for developing and growing relationships with key affiliates and marketing partners. the affiliate marketing manager will bring a proven approach to maximizing sales from online partnerships, including a history of relationship building, campaign development and execution, and a proven ability to evaluate opportunities and measure their success. qualified candidates must have 5+ years’ work experience in online marketing with 2+ years’ experience in affiliate marketing. this position reports to the senior marketing manager. you must be based in the nj, ny, or pa area, within a reasonable commute to edison, nj, to be considered. if you are not within this geographic area, do not reply. send your resume, references, and links to great work to jobs2@barenecessities.com assistant buyer we are looking for a highly organized, sales driven, creative thinker with strong retail math abilities and communication skills. buying office experience is required as well as experience in managing basic replenishment and fashion businesses. responsibilities include but are not limited to: •	team with and support buyer in driving profitable sales growth. develop and execute sales driving strategies. •	assist buyer in the development and execution of sales and assortment plans for categories and vendors. •	perform analysis of business and react accordingly with buyer guidance. •	responsible for top notch presentation of product/categories on the site to maximize conversion and sales. •	independently manage operational functions for the buying office. •	proficiently manage all internal retail management systems critical to the operation of the business. •	establish and develop strong partnerships with vendors. requirements: •	successful track record as an assistant buyer with 1-2 years experience in a department or specialty store environment. e-commerce experience is an advantage. •	4-year bachelors degree required •	strong organizational and analytical skills •	proficiency in excel and familiarity with retail management systems. •	experience or knowledge of intimate apparel or men’s furnishings is preferred. ability to relate to better and bridge level consumer is necessary. •	ability to travel to new york city frequently for market appointments. send your resume and cover letter to jobs6@barenecessities.com email marketing associate (temp position) learn the ins-and-outs of email marketing. if you ever wanted to gain experience in the exciting world of online and fashion retail, then this is the position for you. send your resume and cover letter to jobs1@barenecessities.com with the subject line of “temp: email marketing associate”. this is a full-time temporary position. information technology lead the information technology lead is a key position inside the i.t. operations department that offers exposure to many projects and the opportunity to participate in shaping the future of the company’s it infrastructure. the person in this position will be responsible for designing, analyzing, recommending, planning, implementing, changing, and supporting new and existing operational projects, processes, technologies, systems, and/or software. the it lead will also be responsible for select database and web admin operations and will augment system and end-user support. we are fast growing and have state-of-the-art servers, networking equipment, monitoring, virtualization, storage, and software. principal tasks and responsibilities include but are not limited to: •	analyzes, evaluates, and/or modifies existing or proposed systems, procedures, and related hardware and software •	works on special projects as defined or assigned by company initiatives and/or departmental management •	provides assistance with system administration and support •	helps maintain and support the website and ecommerce front-ends •	helps maintain and support system databases •	establishes and maintains vendor relationships •	coordinates efforts with the development team and/or business groups on project implementation and task management •	creates and maintains procedure and system documentation •	seeks input from business groups and users on existing systems •	researches, evaluates, and recommends new systems and/or improvements •	assists others in the it team; performs operations tasks including but not limited to pc issues, phone issues, cabling/physical issues, application support, etc. •	participates in the 24x7 afterhours on call rotation* required qualifications •	bs or equal in computer science, information systems, or related field •	3+ years experience in the areas of windows administration and webserver administration and/or sql administration •	understanding of networking and systems concepts and equipment including tcp/ip, “wintel” platform hardware, and cisco networking equipment •	understanding of sql server (basic db management including backups, queries, replication, etc.) •	strong troubleshooting skills •	strong interpersonal and communication skills •	strong team player preferred qualifications •	5+ years experience •	project management experience •	knowledge of administrative scripting tools and capabilities •	msda •	mcse/mcp * this requires the staff member to be available 24 hours a day during the time on call. on call schedules are typically one calendar week in duration and pre-assigned by management. send your resume, references, and links to great work to jobs11@barenecessities.com sign up for email we value your privacy helpful links about us customer service gift certificates shipping information returns & exchanges site map contact us/jobs affiliate program privacy policy connect with us follow us become a fan we're mobile!shop on your phone watch us copyright and disclaimer © 1997-2013, bareweb, inc., bare necessities® close email address *click here to view our privacy policy close you will begin to receive our emails including new styles and special offers as they become available. our apologies...we are experiencing a technical issue with this page. please call us at (877) 728-9272, 24 hours a day, 7 days a week and we'll gladly help you complete your order. if you prefer, you may also email us at webadmins@barenecessities.com. please include: your name, where on our site you received the error, any questions you may have, and how and when you'd like us to contact you. our business hours are monday through friday 8:30am to 5:30pm et. close close close our apologies...we are experiencing a technical issue with this page. please call us at (877) 728-9272, 24 hours a day, 7 days a week and we'll gladly help you complete your order. if you prefer, you may also email us at webadmins@barenecessities.com. please include: your name, where on our site you received the error, any questions you may have, and how and when you'd like us to contact you. our business hours are monday through friday 8:30am to 5:30pm et. close