来源URL: https://web.archive.org/web/20131229100426/http://www.barenecessities.com/contactus.aspx
================================================================================

need help? 1.877.728.9272 track my order | my account | sign in 0 items in your cart bras panties sleep shapewear dd+ plus hosiery workout swim men brands clearance bras by size bras panties sleepwear shapewear hosiery leggings socks workout swim luxury slips & camis accessories shoes sexy lingerie new arrivals sale multi-packs briefs boxer briefs boxers t-shirts & undershirts workout sleep & lounge socks new arrivals sale spanx wacoal jockey hanky panky yummie tummie under armour bali l'agent chantelle le mystère panache fantasie calvin klein view all brands dd+ must-haves expert panty picks bridal fit tips & advice general inquiries: info@barenecessities.com order-related inquiries: orders@barenecessities.com affiliate information: affiliates@barenecessities.com press / media: press@barenecessities.com buying department: brands@barenecessities.com marketing & business inquiries: corporate@barenecessities.com employment: jobs@barenecessities.com click here to send us a message via our online form. general: 732.902.5000 fax: 732.902.5001 customer service: 1.877.728.9272 * * for questions about your order, our customer service agents are available to assist you monday-sunday 8am-6pm est. to place a new order, call anytime. we're available 24 hours a day, 7 days a week. bare necessities 90 northfield avenue edison, n.j. 08837-3807 for returns please click here for address information. bare necessities is experiencing explosive growth, it is the #2 online specialty retailer of branded bras and intimates for women and men, and will only consider extremely highly-qualified candidates for a position. bare necessities is the largest online specialty retailer of women’s and men’s branded and designer intimate apparel and lingerie. since 1998, bare necessities has featured bras ranging from band size 28 to 56 and cup sizes aa to n, as well as a variety of other products up to a size 6x and 24w, including one of the best selections of shapewear, hosiery, swimwear, and shaping clothing for average, full-busted, and plus-size women. in february of 2012, bareplus.com was launched, providing a vast selection of intimate fashion exclusively for curvy women. bare necessities features over 180 national and international brands such as wolford, la perla, bali, calvin klein, dkny, hue, under armour, spanx, skinnygirl by bethenny frankel, chantelle, wacoal, hanky panky, and many more! positions are based in edison, nj. senior vice president of e-commerce reports to: chief marketing officer bare necessities is seeking the best ecommerce leader in the retail industry. very important: the candidate must be a svp, vp or director of ecommerce on his/her current org chart at a national or international multichannel specialty store, department store, or big box retailer with sales in excess of $250m to be considered. others need not apply. the candidate currently must have complete p&l responsibility and a proven track record of delivering double-digit sales growth results year-over-year through desktop, tablet, and smartphone storefronts. the ideal candidate must have the “blueprint” and the leadership to build a high-performing and best-in-class ecommerce environment designed to support aggressive double-digit, year-over-year sales targets. the candidate must be a true change agent with the vision, expertise, and gravitas to analyze our existing technology, platforms, merchandising, and marketing and offer a clear and defined roadmap to building a world-class retail ecommerce environment. as the ecommerce leader at his/her current employment, deep experience and verifiable success metrics are required in achieving sales targets, site planning, marketing, customer acquisition/data capture/segmentation, and inventory management to maximize sales opportunities. strong analytical skills with a focus on driving qualified traffic to achieve sales order targets, conversion, average order value, units per transition, inventory sell-through, data capture and repeat customers targets. must be adept at execution of a marketing calendar across desktop, tablet, and smartphone to achieve aggressive financial goals in a fast-paced business environment. candidate has a “toolbox” of selling techniques and retail/ecommerce best practices to be employed immediately to grow the bare necessities business quickly, while building a foundation for sustained and robust sales growth and customer acquisition. must understand the importance of retail branding, clean and efficient site design, intuitive usability, and accustomed to collaboration with marketing, merchandising, and creative to build a world-class online retail experience designed to turn visitors into purchasers, and purchasers into repeat customers. the ideal candidate has an impressive track record of growing the business via m-com and t-com, employing crm and segmentation strategies across a multi-platform marketing strategy to achieve sales growth, and a history of expanding the customer base and customer purchase frequency to support a rapid growth sales strategy. best-in-class experience in analytics, website design & navigation, taxonomy, site performance (technical & financial), product presentation & site merchandising, customer experience, seo, and ux/ui (in collaboration with creative). reporting to the position is the ecommerce team and ecommerce operations team. the position works closely with members of the merchandising, marketing, creative, and it/web development teams to achieve business and website objectives. essential duties & responsibilities: •	develop business plan and annual budget for ecommerce business unit. •	align marketing strategies and initiatives with the master marketing calendar and merchandising goals. •	perform detailed analysis and report results across programs, campaigns and segments and make actionable recommendations for improvement. •	develop and implement effective marketing strategies including segmentation/targeting, ongoing testing, direct response best practices and content, template and creative optimization designed to drive sales and increase units per transaction size. •	maximize salesmanship on website via holistic and segmented value proposition development, emotional triggers, direct response best practices, user experience, personalization, landing page development, and cookie data optimization. •	process expertise to ensure set up, testing, review, qa, deployment, and reporting is managed effectively and executed in a timely, repeatable fashion. •	provide and implement recommendations to improve creative, site functionality, personalization and segmentation. •	collaborate with members of the merchandising, ecommerce operations, online merchandising, marketing, ux, and graphic design teams to produce impactful marketing messages while adhering to strict deadlines. •	drive new projects as business lead while collaborating with internal resources and outside vendors. •	identify and develop strategies to support key customer segments and behavioral opportunities. skills, knowledge & abilities: •	very important: the candidate must be a svp, vp or director of ecommerce on his/her current org chart at a national or international multichannel specialty store, department store, or big box retailer with sales in excess of $250m to be considered. others need not apply. •	bachelor’s degree in ecommerce, retail, merchandising, marketing, or related field required. mba or master’s preferred. experience with a large multi-channel retailer is essential. •	extraordinary personnel management skills. must be a true leader, able to inspire others to achieve aggressive goals, serving as mentor to direct reports and to organization. •	ability to think strategically and creatively, while at the same time developing practical and specific strategy and proven tactics that produce sales and customer growth. •	exceptional planning and project management skills. •	unsurpassed attention to detail and ability to effectively multi-task and meet deadlines in a fast-paced environment. •	superior verbal and written communication skills. be prepared to submit a detailed resume that describes accomplishments and substantiates the claims with hard metrics. be prepared to submit impressive references to further substantiate your experience. send your resume, references, and links to great work to jobs5@barenecessities.com online marketing manager position overview we are in need of an online marketing manager. the prime candidate will be a top-notch marketing guru capable of managing the day-to-day operations, strategy, optimization and reporting for all of our paid acquisition programs to include: sem, datafeeds, affiliate marketing, amazon & ebay market places. essential job functions •	develop strategy & execute all online acquisition marketing programs and campaigns to achieve/exceed roi, revenue and household growth goals. •	manage the acquisition marketing budget, actively participate in annual budget and demand planning and forecasting sessions. •	execute keyword research; develop campaign strategy and campaign structure. •	prepare daily and weekly campaign performance and budget reports for all paid acquisition programs. •	perform detailed analysis and report results across programs, campaigns and segments and make actionable recommendations for improvement. •	align marketing strategies and initiatives with the master marketing calendar for barenecessities.com. •	collaborate with internal merchandising team, content team and graphic designers to produce creative assets and deliverables while adhering to strict deadlines. •	manage internal operational tasks and external vendor relationships. •	evaluate and recommend new online marketing opportunities. expertise in the following …. •	continuously review and manage all aspects of existing campaigns – keywords, bids, budgets, and positions– to optimize campaign performance. •	writing and testing ad copy creative with a focus on driving conversions for barenecessities.com. •	using keyword research tools to identify opportunities in new and existing categories. •	analyzing and translating data into plans for improving and expanding sem campaigns. •	conducting paid search landing page testing, optimization and reporting. •	creating regular campaign reports outlining results, challenges, and opportunities. •	the ideal candidate will have a problem solver mentality and the ability to think critically. requirements •	bachelor’s degree in marketing, advertising, economics, or mathematics. •	5+ years of full-time experience in paid search advertising and other online marketing activities. •	5+ years of overall job experience (ecommerce experience is strongly preferred). •	a passion for details, and enjoys finding opportunities in the data. •	excellent verbal and written communication skills. •	ability to work in a results-oriented and fast-paced environment, both individually and as part of a team. •	eagerness to meet and exceed objectives and take on more responsibility. •	mastery of google adwords and bing ads (is a must). •	strong background in ppc campaign architecture and optimization. •	strong microsoft excel abilities, including basic understanding of formulas, functions and pivot tables. •	google adwords certification is a plus. •	google analtyics and/or coremetrics experience is preferred. please send your resume and cover letter to jobs1@barenecessities.com senior accountant bare necessities is a fast-growing online retailer that is looking for an accounting professional to be a right hand to the finance manager. in addition to responsibility for financial reporting and general accounting, this individual will work with the account payable merchandise department on daily processing and the development of new procedures and controls. key accountabilities: •	supports the preparation of the income statement by preparing monthly journal entries and analyzing expense variances •	prepare balance sheet account analysis •	assist in the documentation of internal controls and processes •	ensure accurate and timely processing of merchandise payables and related payments. •	ensure vendor invoices and credit memos are processed in accordance with merchandise payable procedures. •	respond to vendor inquiries regarding payment issues promptly and clearly. •	communicate professionally with merchants and vendors; maintain strong and positive working relationships to build a partnership for understanding challenges and opportunities. •	hands-on and detail oriented •	assist in other accounting processes, procedures and reporting as needed. •	willingness to work overtime. experience, qualifications, and skills: •	bachelor’s degree in accounting is required •	three to seven years of accounting experience is required •	supervisory experience is a plus •	experience with great plains / microsoft dynamics a plus. •	retail accounting experience is required. •	retail accounts payable experience a plus •	excellent interpersonal, verbal, and written communication skills. •	proficient use of microsoft office programs, including word, excel and outlook. •	strong organizational skills. •	versatility, flexibility, and a willingness to work with constantly changing priorities. this position is located in edison, nj. please send your resume and cover letter to jobs8@barenecessities.com application developer position overview we are in need of a talented .net developer to join our growing technical team. the developer should be well versed in asp.net, javascript, sql, html and css and ideally will have experience developing and maintaining high-traffic ecommerce websites. if you are a .net developer looking for a permanent position and have the appropriate experience, we'd love to tell you more about this amazing opportunity! essential job functions •	build and manage all internal software products, including our ecommerce websites and multiple backend systems •	assist in all stages of sdlc •	work with the marketing and design teams to design, develop, deploy and support new initiatives and functionality •	work with project managers to accurately estimate the work effort on projects resulting in timely delivery of features •	collaborate with business owners and business analysts to build well-defined requirements resulting in well-documented and intuitive systems •	collaborate with qa testers to create and execute strong unit and functional test plans resulting in stable, defect-free systems •	work with server administrators to plan for, implement and support high-performance, well-instrumented software expertise in the following technologies •	.net framework 3.5 or higher, c#, asp.net, ado.net •	html, css, xml, json •	javascript, jquery, ajax •	ms sql server including data design and stored procedure development requirements •	must be a well-rounded developer with strong computer science fundamentals •	ability to design and apply common paradigms across a variety of languages and technologies •	must have excellent verbal and written communication skills •	practical experience with load testing and performance tuning of software systems •	familiarity with unit/integration testing and continuous integration other skills/abilities •	experience with high-volume distributed ecommerce applications •	familiarity with primary and supporting retail software systems and technologies (erp, wms, edi, cms etc.) •	familiarity with microsoft commerce server 2007 or later •	experience with ms sql server ssrs and ssis •	experience with tfs 2010 source control and build automation we offer competitive salary and benefits. please send your resume and cover letter to jobs4@barenecessities.com e-commerce coordinator position overview e-commerce coordinator is responsible for collaborating with the marketing, merchandising, creative, and it teams to deliver promotional site content for the flagship web site, sister sites and mobile devices. as business priorities shift, the e-commerce coordinator must be able to react quickly to support business needs, determine daily activities, and program content while delivering online merchandising strategies on time and to spec. he/she works closely with the senior director of e-commerce operations and the e-commerce manager to translate the vision for meeting marketing and merchandising goals into actionable tasks. the e-commerce coordinator is also responsible for delivering functionality and features that ensure a great customer experience while maximizing sales and profit. the e-commerce coordinator tracks, manages and reports on work requests underway including progress of work and obstacles putting deadlines at risk. this role requires a high-energy individual who is deadline driven. specific responsibilities: 1.	partner with marketing, e-commerce, merchandising, development and it teams to establish and maintain seamless communication, adhere to approved workflow and procedures, and ensure timely and cost-effective execution of site features and functionality. 2.	work closely with marketing and merchandising teams to develop features and functionality that support business initiatives, campaigns and promotions. 3.	collaborate with designers, writers and management on a daily basis to solidify the vision and identify deliverables for all promotions. 4.	develop and maintain site content; analyze trends, performance and effectiveness. 5.	proactively resolve problems and roadblocks in order to keep work flow on schedule and escalate higher level conflicts to manager for resolution. 6.	program promotional site content, leveraging image mapping to achieve the desired experience. 7.	scrutinize all site enhancements to ensure page speed and site performance are protected. 8.	conduct patterning to document current feature standards, trends and shifts in common user behavior. qualifications: •	3+ years experience in a directly related position in e-commerce, preferably in the retail or fashion industry. •	high energy – must be a deadline driven, highly flexible, and a multi-tasking master. •	experience in website content management including image mapping and html (endeca and mscs2007 marketing manager a plus). •	experience with coremetrics or other analytics packages. •	ability to maintain high standards and support innovation in the business. •	ability to support the translation of marketing strategies into compelling, easy to use, and engaging promotions and features. •	ability to interface seamlessly with the development and it teams. •	bachelor's degree. please send your resume and cover letter to jobs15@barenecessities.com merchandise planner position overview bare necessities is seeking an experienced planning executive to join our merchandise planning team. this position, reporting to the director of planning, is a key member of the merchandising team. the merchandise planner has direct responsibility for identifying opportunities, risks, and making business recommendations through the analysis of brand and product performance. the planner works closely with the merchant teams to develop business strategies that will result in achieving the financial goals of the company. essential job functions •	develop seasonal and monthly assortment and inventory plans. •	plan and project receipt flow for key items to support sales forecasts and replenishment needs. •	understand and manage the forecasting/ replenishment system to minimize stock outs and optimize inventory turn. •	develop size allocation strategy. •	partner with merchant teams to develop markdown recommendations. •	forecast sales and inventory turn by month, at a brand level and communicate business performance during weekly sales and bi-monthly open to buy meetings. •	publish weekly business reporting and provide expert analysis on trends. make recommendations based on this analysis. •	lead special projects, identify and champion business growth opportunities across multiple buying teams. expertise in the following …. •	high volume, multiple category, and large sku count environment. •	management of retail erp, demand planning and forecasting systems such as inforem, arthur, e3, just enough, or dcm. •	advanced excel skills imperative (including pivot tables). experience in systems and programs relative to planning processes. •	developing and forecasting financial plans and otb. •	planning and managing large volume seasonal fashion and replenishment businesses. •	ability to translate findings from analysis into business strategy. •	ability to remain flexible and willing to change strategies as business needs dictate. •	leading and participating in vendor meetings with the focus on sales growth, assortment and inventory investment decisions. requirements •	bachelor’s degree (business, finance, marketing or equivalent) •	minimum 1-3 years retail merchandise planning experience in a department store, direct mail, or e-commerce environment. •	buying experience is a plus. •	experience in intimate apparel, swimwear, and/or men’s furnishings •	strong analytical skills with the ability to analyze complex and detailed data. •	ability to create and manage reports from databases. •	experience using online analytical tools (i.e. coremetrics, google analytics, omniture) a plus. other skills/abilities •	our offices are located in edison, nj. a car is required to reach our offices. •	ability to travel to new york city frequently. please send your resume and cover letter to jobs17@barenecessities.com sign up for email we value your privacy helpful links about us customer service gift certificates shipping information returns & exchanges terms of use contact us/jobs affiliate program privacy policy international shipping connect with us follow us become a fan we're mobile!shop on your phone watch us copyright © 1997-2013, bareweb, inc., bare necessities® close close our apologies...we are experiencing a technical issue with this page. please call us at 1.877.728.9272, 24 hours a day, 7 days a week and we'll gladly help you complete your order. if you prefer, you may also email us at info@barenecessities.com. please include: your name, where on our site you received the error, any questions you may have, and how and when you'd like us to contact you. our business hours are monday-sunday 8am-6pm est. close click below to save our apologies...we are experiencing a technical issue with this page. please call us at 1.877.728.9272, 24 hours a day, 7 days a week and we'll gladly help you complete your order. if you prefer, you may also email us at info@barenecessities.com. please include: your name, where on our site you received the error, any questions you may have, and how and when you'd like us to contact you. our business hours are monday-sunday 8am-6pm est. close close