来源URL: https://web.archive.org/web/20141231201837/http://www.barenecessities.com/Shapewear_catalog_nxs,33.htm
================================================================================

shapewear | bare necessities checkout track my order my account your cart 0 free shipping on orders of $70 bras panties sleep active shapewear hosiery shoes swim dd+ plus men brand clearance what’s hot nowpjs up to 60% offdd+ must haveswacoal new arrivalsmen's 25% + 20% saleugg® slippers & more refine your results: problem area trims torso (163) smoothes back (37) trims waist (66) controls tummy (466) shapes rear (199) slims hips & thighs (156) slims legs (67) all over control (11) style open bust shapers (38) shaping bodysuit (50) slimming slips (30) slimming camisoles (71) waist cinchers (91) shaping panties (105) high waist panties (38) shapewear thongs (13) mid-thigh shapers (87) shapewear leggings (79) slimming pants (14) best sellers (50) new arrivals (2) shapewear on sale (79) size xs (31) s (290) m (314) l (311) xl (299) 1x (83) 2x (135) 3x (55) 4x (9) brand assets red hot label by spanx (56) bali (18) berkshire (4) bodywrap (9) cass luxury shapewear (2) chantelle (3) commando (12) curvy kate (1) dkny (11) fantasie (1) flexees by maidenform (27) freya (1) hue (2) jockey (21) julie france (17) knock out! (2) le mystère (1) lyssé (42) maidenform (13) miraclesuit (17) msp by miraclesuit (12) nancy ganz (16) olga (1) panache (3) simone perele (2) skinnygirl (3) spanx (101) squeem (2) tc fine intimates (15) va bien (4) wacoal (11) yummie by heather thomson (64) home | shapewear shapewear (494) sort by: best sellersprice high-to-lowprice low-to-highbrands a-zbrands z-anew arrivals1 of 9|   view 300 per page   viewing 1-60 of 494 yummie by heather thomson yt5-003 nici seamlessly shaped everyday shaping briefie $18.00 buy 2 for $30! more yummie by heather thomson: nici seamlessly shaped everyday shaping briefie 25 reviews colors: details: light control seamless shaping brief double lining at the waist offers signature smoothing inspirational messages on the waistband stretch microfiber featured review: on june 17, 2014 super soft and comfortable! love these! i was surprised at how soft and comfortable these are, i will definitely be ordering more. click to order this style​​ spanx 128 tight-end tights shaping opaque $28.00 more spanx: tight-end tights shaping opaque 17 reviews colors: details: opaque shaping tights with cotton gusset shapes & firms tummy, hips, thighs and rear smooth and comfortable flat waistband will not dig in rounded seams at toe for reinforcement and comfort coolmax wicks sweat away from feet featured review: on october 16, 2014 better than i imagined these tights looked very small and i thought it would hurt to put them on. they worked wonderfully. the fit was perfect. i am a 2x in pants and the tights held me in firmly and did not roll down. i am going to check if these come in other colors. this was a great find. click to order this style​​ spanx 167 tight-end tights shaping high-waist opaque $38.00 more spanx: tight-end tights shaping high-waist opaque 5 reviews colors: details: high-waist, shaping opaque tights shapes & firms tummy, hips, thighs and rear comfortable waistband stays in place and won't dig in matte yarns and unique toe design for a flattering look cotton double-gusset for your convenience featured review: on december 5, 2013 more like tight tummy these are great. the high waist is fabulous. but i wouldn't call them "tight end". there is extra compression in the tummy area (awesome) but not so much around the hips and rear end (which i could also use). click to order this style​​ spanx 916 in-power line firm control high-waist shaper $38.00 more spanx: in-power line firm control high-waist shaper 29 reviews colors: details: firm control high-waist, mid-thigh shaper slims from bust to mid-thigh with tummy compression unique design gives rear a lift legband-free for a smooth look and no vpl open cotton double gusset for bathroom accessibility featured review: on august 30, 2014 effective and comfortable this garment does the job, and the top does not roll down. i would say it performs as advertised. click to order this style​​ spanx 2066 ready-to-wow denim shaping leggings $67.99-$98.00 more spanx: ready-to-wow denim shaping leggings 4 reviews colors: +2 more details: slimming denim leggings with side zipper for less bulk double-layer stretch waistband smoothes the tummy real lean denim fabric flatters your legs and thighs patch pockets on back, faux front pockets and fly approx. 28'' inseam featured review: on november 15, 2014 these denim leggings are awesome! i ordered the black - they are a high quality denim that you can wear as "leggings" or just skinny jeans - great fit and very comfortable. absolutely love the side zipper. i am going to order another pair in a different color. click to order this style​​ lyssé 1219 medium control tight ankle leggings $41.99-$60.00 more lyssé: medium control tight ankle leggings 30 reviews colors: +3 more details: medium control shaping and smoothing leggings shapes and smoothes from waist to ankles approx. 27.5" inseam ultra-comfy, stretch cotton featured review: on october 12, 2014 must have . these are my favorite leggings. i love my aubergine color. i ordered the black too. i will look and see if there are more colors. they are a true fit. so comfortable and slimming, no bulges. the wide waist band is the best feature. click to order this style​​ spanx 914 in-power line firm control high-waist pantyhose $32.00 more spanx: in-power line firm control high-waist pantyhose 8 reviews colors: details: firm control, high-waist shaping pantyhose smoothes midriff, hips, thighs, and rear zoning in lower back eliminates bulge new sleek yarns won't cling to clothes convenient cotton double gusset featured review: on november 29, 2013 no jiggles, no panty-lines no errors i've been a fan of the spanx line of shapewear from the first day i heard about it on the oprah show about 5 years ago. i've worn them under thin material pants to form fitting dresses. they are somewhat of a 'fight' to get into when new out of the package, but once you pass the stocking portion and slowly pull it up (use soft gloves to prevent snags and accidentally creating a hole) everything is in place!!! no pantylines, no cellulite in close fitting or light color pants and absolutely no errors. the one trick i found it was best to put it on first all the way up to the bra-band area and then put your bra on afterward to give a smooth line and a flawless look. it holds your tummy in (front, back and sides), smooths off hips and limits back fat. i love this product and will not leave home without it. click to order this style​​ spanx 101 all the way firm control pantyhose $28.00 more spanx: all the way firm control pantyhose 5 reviews colors: details: luxe firm control shaping pantyhose with cotton gusset shapes & firms tummy, hips, thighs and rear soft non-binding waistband & no vpl invisible reinforced toe for comfort sheer stretch nylon featured review: on may 21, 2013 love the feel of this hose i usually like spanx everything, so not surprising the control and feel of this hose is excellent. starting to get a bit warm to wear them but for work they help making my legs feel great all day! click to order this style​​ miraclesuit 2783 sexy sheer extra firm control bodysuit $62.00 more miraclesuit: sexy sheer extra firm control bodysuit 23 reviews colors: details: extra-firm control bodysuit with targeted tummy panel shapes midriff, tummy, hips, back and rear double-layer mesh cups with underwire for support wonderful edge silicone lining on rear leg bands moderate rear coverage with center seam featured review: on september 27, 2014 great this bodysuit fits smoothly, doesn't bind, is relatively comfortable, and is easy to wear. if only the bra portion had a bit more support, it would be perfect. but i nevertheless have ordered more. it's hard enough to find one that is almost perfect. click to order this style​​ spanx 913 in-power line firm control pantyhose $28.00 more spanx: in-power line firm control pantyhose 9 reviews colors: details: luxe, firm control shapewear pantyhose shapes & firms tummy, hips, thighs and rear new sleek yarns won't cling to clothes invisible center seam and reinforced toe convenient cotton gusset featured review: on december 18, 2013 thank you spanx i absolutely love the spanx shaping pantyhose. i love the look they give my legs. my legs look absolutely flawless in these shaping sheers - they give an overall smooth and luxurious feel yet provide my legs amazing support. they also hold me in where i need it the most. although i have a very slim and athletic build they provide that extra smoothness needed when wearing body-con dresses - they give you a great looking silhouette under form fitting clothing. once again spanx - thank you so much for making these!!! also - these shaping pantyhose have great durability as well. click to order this style​​ bali 8l10 lace 'n smooth firm control bodysuit $54.00 more bali: lace 'n smooth firm control bodysuit 23 reviews colors: details: firm control, shaping lace bodysuit stretch lace offers 360° of comfortable control seamless, double-layer molded unlined underwire cups smooth lace pattern won't show under clothes fully adjustable, non-stretch straps featured review: on july 15, 2014 this is the perfect body suit! i have tried them all. this is the perfect one. i have bought at least 10 of these after trying many others. i am tall (5'10") and a size 10. this is comfortable, long enough, good control (snug but not too tight) and light enough for summer wear, too. i wear this body suit every single day. click to order this style​​ spanx 409 higher power® medium control power panties $38.00 more spanx: higher power® medium control power panties 4 reviews colors: details: slimproved medium control high-waist shaper all-around shaping power for torso, tummy & thighs legband-free design banishes bulges on legs cotton double-gusset for your convenience 4-way stretch microfiber featured review: on may 24, 2014 i love these products. i am getting ready to order some for someone else. i love these products. i am getting ready to order some for someone else. click to order this style​​ miraclesuit 2802 extra firm control comfort leg bodysuit $70.00 more miraclesuit: extra firm control comfort leg bodysuit 1 review colors: details: extra-firm control bodysuit with comfort leg bands shapes midriff, tummy, back and rear double-layer mesh cups with underwire for support wonderful edge silicone lining on rear - no vpl adjustable stretch straps featured review: on september 22, 2014 very comfortable i'm a large busted woman and usually underwires are excruciating for me. this bodysuit is surprisingly comfortable and does a good job of smoothing my bulges. i have ordered another one! click to order this style​​ flexees by maidenform 1644 fat free dressing firm control leggings $34.00 more flexees by maidenform: fat free dressing firm control leggings 14 reviews color: details: firm control capri leggings offers 360° of shaping slimming mesh liner shapes tummy, waist, hips and rear approx. 20.5'' long stretch microfiber with cotton panel featured review: on july 21, 2014 nice fit wear these with a long shirt,i like the the look and texture. click to order this style​​ miraclesuit 2782 sexy sheer extra firm control camisole $56.00 more miraclesuit: sexy sheer extra firm control camisole 6 reviews colors: details: extra-firm control shaping camisole with tummy control shapes midriff, tummy and back double-layer mesh cups with underwire for support wonderful edge silicone lining on hem adjustable stretch straps featured review: on september 13, 2014 great camisole, but... i have now purchased 5 of these - 4 nudes and 1 black, all this year. they all have a different fit! the last one was the best in terms of shaping - great support and shaping for the bust. they all have one problem - they start fraying at the edges and straps and snagging very quickly, even when they fit perfectly! i like to wear them almost every day, so i have to keep buying them, which would become impossible at full price - thank god for them going on sale pretty often!.. i am a size 40dd, and it is impossible to find a lightweight supporting camisole, so please, keep selling it and don't discontinue it like all my previous favorites!!! click to order this style​​ spanx 2420 ready-to-wow super skinny denim shaping leggings $98.00 more spanx: ready-to-wow super skinny denim shaping leggings colors: details: slimming denim leggings with patch pockets on back shapes waist and comfortably firms the tummy faux front pockets and fly approx. 30'' inseam stretch cotton blend click to order this style​​ spanx 005b tight-end tights shaping reversible opaque $34.00 more spanx: tight-end tights shaping reversible opaque 8 reviews colors: details: light control, reversible tights shaping tights shapes & firms tummy, hips, thighs and rear flat waistband is smooth and comfortable, won't dig has cotton gusset, so can be worn without underwear reinforced toe & coolmax® wicks sweat away from feet featured review: on november 17, 2013 nice fit and feel like the idea of two colors in one. the fit is comfortable and they do not need to be constantly pulled up. the look is smooth and they feel as nice as they look. click to order this style​​ bali x204 everyday smoothing firm control brief 2-pack $36.00 value multi-pack! more bali: everyday smoothing firm control brief 2-pack 15 reviews colors: details: firm control, shaping panty, 2-pack comfortable microfiber featured review: on november 6, 2014 great fit! best underwear i have ever owned. support with comfort. worth every penny. elasticity last awhile as long as you keep out of the dryer. click to order this style​​ spanx 234 higher power® firm control high-waist brief $36.00 more spanx: higher power® firm control high-waist brief 12 reviews colors: details: firm control, high-waist brief slims tummy and shapes waist with stay-put waistband non-binding leg bands minimize panty lines stretch microfiber with cotton gusset featured review: on october 17, 2014 this product really does the job! i have tried many foundations and always have trouble with the ones that stop at the waist. these were perfect because they fit way above the waist and they stay there! so often they fit above the waist, but as the day goes on, they keep slipping down. i am a bowler and they never move! spanx is always a good brand, but these were the best i have ever had and less expensive. click to order this style​​ spanx 2266a look-at-me firm control denim leggings $68.00 more spanx: look-at-me firm control denim leggings 3 reviews colors: details: seamless denim-look leggings with firm all-over shaping comfortable tummy control with a lightweight feel all-over firming shapes legs, hips, thighs and rear approx. 25'' inseam stretch cotton blend featured review: on october 28, 2014 love them; not tight like spanx underthings love love love these leggings. very flattering (and i am not skinny-mini; 5'6, 145 lbs, runner) and slimming, but not tight like spanx underthings (which are so tight they give me indigestion). will buy a second pair. click to order this style​​ tc fine intimates 444 firm control shelf bra camisole $48.00 more tc fine intimates: firm control shelf bra camisole 24 reviews colors: details: seamless shaping camisole with built-in self bra provides firm control and incredible comfort back adjustable, stretch straps wonderful edge silicone on hem to prevent ride-up size 34-40dd and up: please see size chart featured review: on july 10, 2014 love it! i love this top. it fits comfortably and works well for me. it is well made. click to order this style​​ lyssé 6174a medium control denim skinny leggings $78.00 more lyssé: medium control denim skinny leggings colors: details: medium control denim leggings with faux back pockets shapes and smoothes tummy, hips, thighs and legs targeted tummy panel flattens tummy approx. 27.5'' inseam ultra-comfy, stretch cotton denim click to order this style​​ yummie by heather thomson yt5-042 mina seamlessly shaped cotton everyday shaping briefie $9.99-$18.00 buy 2 for $30! more yummie by heather thomson: mina seamlessly shaped cotton everyday shaping briefie 8 reviews colors: details: light control seamless shaping brief double-lined waist shapes and smoothes the tummy inspirational messages on the inner waistband modest, 7.5 inch rise stretch cotton blend featured review: on august 27, 2014 pretty, good fit, well made this panty seemed a tiny bit snug to me, beyond just the control thing, but was overall quite comfortable. looks great. click to order this style​​ lyssé 1519 medium control ponte knit leggings $74.00 more lyssé: medium control ponte knit leggings 5 reviews colors: details: medium control leggings with stitched seam down front ponte is a thicker knit, perfect for travel & office targeted spandex panel & wide waist flatten the tummy shapes and smoothes from hips to ankles ankle length - approx. 26'' inseam featured review: on september 12, 2014 love my lysse leggings.......... i've been hooked on the lysse brand ever since i bought my first pair years ago. the quality and styles are great! i'm full figured and they do the trick to hide what you want to hide........ click to order this style​​ spanx 912 in-power line firm control footless pantyhose $28.00 more spanx: in-power line firm control footless pantyhose 4 reviews colors: details: firm control, high-waist capri pantyhose shapes & firms tummy, hips, thighs and rear new sleek yarns won't cling to clothes hidden waistband sits just below the bra line convenient cotton double gusset featured review: on april 25, 2013 wonderful slimming lines!!!! ordered an "e" (i'm size 20), and wasn't sure it would even fit - and when i saw how small it was - i thought - i'll never get into this!!! but - voila!!! this is a wonderful asset to any woman's wardrobe!!! not only did it smooth all the lines, and hide all the bulges, it is extremely comfortable - which is huge. i definitely give this product a high "five!!" (and it was really easy to pull on - so don't worry - you won't be sorry - this is an awesome product). click to order this style​​ va bien 1191 firm control bodysuit $60.00 more va bien: firm control bodysuit 6 reviews colors: details: firm control bodysuit with built in bra for support foam-lined inner slings for a flattering uplift comfort straps to gently cushion the shoulder double lined front and side panels for tummy support hook and eye, cotton gusset for convenience featured review: on august 19, 2013 very comfortable, and shapes nicely i have a problem with shapewear sized by bra size, simply because i'm carrying a lot more poundage than i'd like, but not, alas, in my bosom. i am a b cup at best, but any shapewear that fits the rest of me comes only in a c cup and above. the 2x size of this shaper is a perfect solution. the fabric (in both the black and nude colors) is containing but not stifling, with a lot of movement possible. i am short-waisted enough that the underwire ends tend to poke my underarms when i'm sitting, but not everyone will have that to contend with. my one complaint is that the hooks and eyes in the crotch panel are somewhat difficult to manage because of the reinforced seam on either side. that will come with practice, i'm sure. if these last (i bought three), they'll be a great investment -- but they are not cheap. click to order this style​​ assets red hot label by spanx 1873 flipside firmers extra firm control tank $44.00 more assets red hot label by spanx : flipside firmers extra firm control tank 1 review colors: details: extra firm control, 4-way reversible shaping tank top reverses from black to nude or white to ecru reverses from scoop neck to v-neck double-layer fabric provides all-over slimming hip length with smooth laser-cut edge featured review: on march 30, 2013 versatile and comfortable! v neck or round neck, nude color or black - so many options! the fit is firm but not constricting. the only thing i don't care for is that the black shows around the edges when the nude side is worn. washes well on delicate cycle - i don't put anything with spandex in the dryer as the heat ruins the spandex. i will definitely wear this often and may order another one. click to order this style​​ spanx 1071 haute contour shaping tights $30.99-$42.00 more spanx: haute contour shaping tights 3 reviews colors: details: light control shaping tights with sumptuous yarns comfortable stay-put waistband tames the tummy 50 denier, opaque stretch nylon featured review: on june 14, 2014 super silky yarns i bought these for my gf, and i have not felt pantyhose this luxurious before. they fit her well with a hihg waist, but the color was more magenta than purple - still a great buy, even if they're a bit expensive. these were on sale. click to order this style​​ spanx 1189a ready-to-wow medium control leggings $92.00 more spanx: ready-to-wow medium control leggings 4 reviews colors: details: slimming leggings with luxe jersey knit fabrication shapes & firms hips, thighs, rear and legs wide stretch waistband firms the tummy streamlined fit - perfect to tuck into boots approx. 25'' inseam featured review: on april 1, 2014 must have wardrbe item! these leggings are it! from day to night, they shape and last for hours with this really great material. i never feel restricted or that any part of my legs and/or butt are too see thru and sheer like some other brands. this is the perfect legging for a tunic length top and easy to dress up with heels or down with flats. it's a must have piece with the perk of also shaping your legs. click to order this style​​ bali 8l14 lace ’n smooth firm control brief $22.00 more bali: lace ’n smooth firm control brief 6 reviews colors: details: firm control, shaping lace brief smoothes tummy and shapes rear smooth lace pattern won't show under clothes full rear coverage with no ride-up design modest, 8 inch rise and cotton panel featured review: on august 8, 2014 nice a pretty version of a shaper. not a lot of tummy control, but enough to help. comfy and elegant. click to order this style​​ spanx 1069 trust your thinstincts medium control tank $58.00 more spanx: trust your thinstincts medium control tank 13 reviews colors: details: medium control shaping tank top non-compression fabric at the bust flatters the chest microfiber smoothes tummy and love handles high-back design; thick straps prevent bra peek-a-boo bonded arm holes and hem for a sleek transition to skin featured review: on june 23, 2014 most comfortable slimming tank love this slimming tank by spanx! thinstincts is the perfect name for this invention. the material is very thin, smoothe, and comfortable. it is miraculous in how it smoothes your lumps and bumps without being tight or uncomfortable. spanx hit this one out of the park! it was great to get it on sale through bare necessities. these undergarments can be pricey so your sales are so appreciated! thank you!!! click to order this style​​ bodywrap 44841 firm control high-waist thong $38.00 more bodywrap: firm control high-waist thong 2 reviews colors: details: firm control high-waist thong smoothes the tummy and waist wide, comfortable elastic waistband seamless, stretch microfiber featured review: on december 23, 2013 looks good provides firm control and is comfortable for everyday wear all day. click to order this style​​ bali x70j tummy panel shaping brief 2-pack $28.00 value multi-pack! more bali: tummy panel shaping brief 2-pack 12 reviews colors: details: light control shapewear brief smooths tummy, 2-pack cotton panel shimmering, stretch microfiber featured review: on august 28, 2014 i can wear these all day comfortably true to size, stylish, comfortable and not binding. click to order this style​​ spanx 991 slimplicity firm control open-bust bodysuit $84.00 more spanx: slimplicity firm control open-bust bodysuit 11 reviews colors: details: firm control, open-bust mid-thigh body briefer firms tummy, hips, thighs, and rear front adjustable stretch straps laser-cut hem for a smooth look under clothes open-gusset crotch for easy bathroom accessibility featured review: on october 30, 2013 this product cut into my shoulders i bought this product to wear underneath a very tight dress for smooth lines. it definitely did its job well. when i went to take it off, i realized that it cut into me at my shoulder straps. not sure that the next size would have made a difference. click to order this style​​ nancy ganz ng3310 slimtastic medium control tank $39.00 more nancy ganz: slimtastic medium control tank 3 reviews colors: details: medium control, shaping tank top shapes waist and back with targeted tummy control wire-free cups contour to your shape for a natural look back view: scoop u-design which hits mid-back non-adjustable straps featured review: on october 23, 2014 love, love, love it!!!! not too tight, not too loose, just enough coverage for a smooth look. i will be ordering another one in black. click to order this style​​ yummie by heather thomson yt5-018 stephanie cooling medium control tank $34.00 buy 2 for $58! more yummie by heather thomson: stephanie cooling medium control tank 15 reviews colors: details: medium control 2-way reversible shaping tank top reversible seamless tank can be worn as scoop or v-neck fabric maintains body temperature for all day comfort slims tummy and waist for a smooth look approx. 22" from top of shoulders featured review: on july 20, 2014 jackiejj this product is great. wish there were more color.. i love the them. click to order this style​​ assets red hot label by spanx 1845 high-waist sheers firm control pantyhose $22.00 more assets red hot label by spanx : high-waist sheers firm control pantyhose 2 reviews colors: details: firm control, high-waist shaping pantyhose strong yarns firm your hips, thighs and rear targeted tummy panel flattens entire waistline designed to offer a long and lean silhouette designed to banish muffin top and visible panty lines featured review: on december 15, 2012 these don't roll down as a tall woman 6' 3", i could never find pantyhose that were tall enough. no matter what brand i bought the band would always rool down. i work in a office where pantyhose is still part of the mandatory dress code. these are the 1st ones i could wear all day with no problems, and the control top part really holds you in. keep up the good work. thanks heather. click to order this style​​ panache 7288 envy bodysuit $109.00 more panache: envy bodysuit 1 review color: details: light control bodysuit with built-in underwire bra u.k. cup sizes. see size chart for u.s. conversion. seamed, unlined 4 section balconette cups adjustable snap closure gusset fully adjustable stretch straps featured review: on november 20, 2014 jaw dropping- gorgeous! this is the first time i have tried a bodysuit. and this changed my life. i recently had a baby and traditional shapewear is uncomfortable for me. i saw this and thought "this could work under a dress or skirt/top outfit or to wear for my husband. when i put this on i felt like my old self. va va voom. here's the deal: there is lace over the butt that stretches... perfect for any booty. there are sheer side panels which make you look extra slim. there is light control so you are held in and the bonus is - the cups are that of the envy bra (stretch lace for the one breast that is larger than the other) awesome separation and lift!! it's well made and gorgeous - get one now. thank me later. click to order this style​​ spanx 1587 trust your thinstincts medium control camisole $58.00 more spanx: trust your thinstincts medium control camisole 12 reviews colors: details: medium control shaping camisole smoothes tummy and love handles fits every bust best! non-compression chest coverage bonded arm holes and hem for a sleek transition to skin fully adjustable stretch straps featured review: on december 25, 2014 does the job a very nice medium control garment. the length is perfect - i am just over six feet tall and it is just what i need. i especially like the very lightweight of this shaper as it travels and washes well while on the road. also good for warmer climates which is a plus. click to order this style​​ yummie by heather thomson yt5-029 sylvie seamlessly shaped comfort control camisole $34.00 buy 2 for $58! more yummie by heather thomson: sylvie seamlessly shaped comfort control camisole 2 reviews colors: details: medium control shaping camisole slims waistline outlast® fabric regulates body temperature for comfort non-restrictive fabric over bust fits up to a g-cup back adjustable stretch straps approx. 23" from top of shoulders featured review: on august 28, 2014 gives me control security i like the security this give me that my belly is under control. i'm about 30 pounds overweight (jelly belly), and i wear these under my shirts just for some added control. they're comfortable enough that you don't feel pinched but firm enough that you don't feel like you're bouncing all around. i bought two, but i'm seriously considering buying a couple more. i wish they had a bit of lace for those peek-a-boo shirts, however. click to order this style​​ flexees by maidenform 6868 instant slimmer® firm control waist cincher $42.00 more flexees by maidenform: instant slimmer® firm control waist cincher 6 reviews colors: details: firm control, long torso waist cincher targets the tummy and waist 1 column, 14 row hook and eye back closure non-stretch microfiber panty and bra not included featured review: on august 29, 2014 really creates a smaller waist should have ordered larger size. really makes my waist smaller but pushes skin above bra line. click to order this style​​ assets red hot label by spanx 1844 firm control sheer pantyhose $20.00 more assets red hot label by spanx : firm control sheer pantyhose 2 reviews colors: details: firm control, shaping pantyhose strong yarns firm your hips, thighs and rear targeted tummy panel no visible panty lines instantly gorgeous sheer legs with reinforced toe featured review: on august 22, 2013 excellent nylons nylons are durable; color good; support for my legs is good; reinforced toe looks sheer and is very durable click to order this style​​ assets red hot label by spanx 1847 top this firm control tank $42.00 more assets red hot label by spanx : top this firm control tank 4 reviews colors: details: firm control, tank with smoothing inner tummy panel non-restrictive fabric over bust for a great fit no-slip fabrication under hem to stay in place non-adjustable stretch straps layer underneath for day, or show it off alone! featured review: on september 26, 2013 really like this cami. this cami is comfortable. my physical therapist wants me to wear this type of garment. she is happy with this one, the way it fits. as with all this kind of garment you need to step into it when putting it on. click to order this style​​ spanx 2331 haute contour medium control high-waist boyshort $48.00 more spanx: haute contour medium control high-waist boyshort 2 reviews colors: details: medium control, high-waist shaping boyshort no-show belly bandeau smoothes waist & flattens tummy seam-free center offer a sleek look under clothes sumptuous stretch microfiber featured review: on october 28, 2014 great product love this product, it was exactly what i wanted. click to order this style​​ lyssé 1410 medium control ponte wide leg pants $78.00 more lyssé: medium control ponte wide leg pants colors: details: medium control wide leg pants, approx. 32.5" inseam ponte is a thicker knit, perfect for travel & office targeted spandex panel & wide waist flatten the tummy shapes and smoothes hips and thighs knitted center seams on front and back click to order this style​​ spanx 1230 bagel-buster™ medium control pants $118.00 more spanx: bagel-buster™ medium control pants 5 reviews colors: details: medium control shaping pants with flared leg pants do not have pockets slim-x® bagel-buster™ built-in to flatten tummy shapes hips, thighs, and rear approx. 32.5'' inseam and cotton panel featured review: on june 15, 2012 make my butt look great just received my second pair of these fantastic pants. great, breathable stretchy fabric that holds you in. great fit and flare. i tried these on and my husband immediately said to keep them. expensive but worth it. click to order this style​​ spanx 1060 slimmer & shine extra firm control open-bust bodysuit $82.00 more spanx: slimmer & shine extra firm control open-bust bodysuit 7 reviews colors: details: extra firm control open-bust bodysuit shapes and slims below the bust to hips engineered bust lift offers an added lift comfortably smoothes back bulge contoured panels on rear help lift and support featured review: on may 20, 2014 good for smoothing a small "spare tire" i'm older (age 66) and i have a bit of flab around the waist and these spanx help smooth that out so it's not so noticeable. i'm a whole size larger on top than i am on bottom so this helps make me look a little more balanced. click to order this style​​ spanx 1909 skinny britches firm control open-bust bodysuit $88.00 more spanx: skinny britches firm control open-bust bodysuit colors: details: firm control, open-bust mid-thigh shaping bodysuit criss-cross design targets tummy, hips and thighs fully adjustable stretch straps convenient open cotton gusset & laser-cut leg bands wear your own bra - bra shown sold separately click to order this style​​ tc fine intimates 4040 extra firm control open-bust full slip $74.00 more tc fine intimates: extra firm control open-bust full slip 12 reviews colors: details: extra firm control full slip with open-bust design slims tummy, waist, back, hips and thighs dynamic stretch control™ for a comfortable fit wonderful edge silicone lining along hem breathable spacer, padded comfort stretch straps featured review: on august 6, 2014 loved it! i bought this for a trip where i would be wearing a lot of dresses, casual and formal. i did not have a chance to try it on before i traveled and i was very pleased at how well it fit! it was easy to get on and off and fit very well. medium control - i felt all things were handled, yet i could still breath. it did not roll or ride up. i would like the straps to be a tad thinner - i was using garment tape to keep my dress from slipping off the slip and bra straps. i am glad to have this in my closet! click to order this style​​ spanx 2191 ready-to-wow medium control capri leggings $63.99-$92.00 more spanx: ready-to-wow medium control capri leggings colors: details: medium control, jersey knit capri shaping leggings shapes & firms hips, thighs, rear and legs shaping waistband flattens the tummy for a smooth look approx. 18'' inseam comfortable, mid-weight stretch poly jersey knit click to order this style​​ assets red hot label by spanx 166b medium control high-waist shaper $16.00 more assets red hot label by spanx : medium control high-waist shaper 5 reviews colors: details: medium control, high-waist mid-thigh shaper smoothes midriff, tummy, thighs, and rear patent-pending, legband-free design stays in place no visible panty lines creates a smooth look on thighs featured review: on august 7, 2014 comfortable - great price i am a size 2-4 but like to have a smooth appearance in fitted clothing. i chose this slimmer and am happy with purchase. the band stays put very well with minimal slip and no leg lines which i was most concerned about. it does take a little bit to get used to the "tight" fit. click to order this style​​ lyssé 1202 medium control side slit leggings $62.00 more lyssé: medium control side slit leggings 6 reviews colors: details: medium control, skinny shaping leggings targeted spandex panel flattens tummy shapes and smoothes hips 25'' inseam with 2" side slits ultra-comfy, stretch cotton featured review: on april 9, 2014 love these leggings! i feel great when wearing these shaping leggings! i just ordered another pair, also in black! seems to be my easiest "go-to" color! love how they fit! i highly recommend them! click to order this style​​ spanx 915 in-power line firm control power panties $32.00 more spanx: in-power line firm control power panties 12 reviews colors: details: firm control mid-thigh shaping panty great tummy compression & design lifts rear legband-free for a smooth look, no visible panty lines new sleek yarns won't cling to clothes stretch microfiber with cotton panel featured review: on august 22, 2012 love it! i purchased three of the same item five years ago. they finally just wore out. the new style doesn't seem to have as much slimming power but the new material and longer leg more than make up for that. click to order this style​​ spanx 1070an look-at-me firm control high-waist cotton leggings $72.00 more spanx: look-at-me firm control high-waist cotton leggings color: details: high-waist seamless cotton shaping leggings firm control; features spanx undie-tecable shaping tummy-targeted slimming flattens the torso and belly all-over smoothing shapes legs, hips, thighs and rear approx. 25'' inseam click to order this style​​ spanx 002b tight-end tights shaping fishnet $32.00 more spanx: tight-end tights shaping fishnet 2 reviews colors: details: light control, fishnet shaping tights with sandal toe soft, comfortable waistband won't dig in cotton panel stretch nylon featured review: on october 1, 2012 fit great i have always loved the spanx. they fit great & feel great on. click to order this style​​ bodywrap 44811 firm control high-waist brief $44.00 more bodywrap: firm control high-waist brief 9 reviews colors: details: firm control high-waist brief with 8-1/2 inch rise flattens tummy and slims waist, lifts and shapes rear seamless stretch microfiber featured review: on october 17, 2014 i'm in love! really, it is so hard to find a high waist brief with firm control that (a) fits me--i'm short and hefty-- and (2) controls major challenging post-weight loss sags and bulges and (3) is comfortable to wear and (4) is easy to pull on. this product is so much better than spanx! and way more reasonable too. try it, you'll like it. click to order this style​​ flexees by maidenform 2656 instant slimmer® extra firm control open-bust bodysuit $56.00 more flexees by maidenform: instant slimmer® extra firm control open-bust bodysuit 8 reviews colors: details: extra firm control, wear your own bra shaping bodysuit shapes and slims below the bust to hips two-ply tummy panel for extra control comfortably smoothes back bulge hook and eye cotton gusset featured review: on november 18, 2014 perfect shapewear i'm 5'4, approximately 140lbs, 36b wears size 6-8 and i got this in m and it fits perfectly. tight at first but very comfortable. my waist is defined better when i wear it and it smooths out the undesirable bulges. i just wish they made one where the back is not as high because if i wear a dress that has a lower back like where your bra strap is, this bodysuit will shows since it sits approximately 5 inches above your bra line. otherwise i love everything about it and plan to buy the nude color as well so i can have a whole set. click to order this style​​ bali 8l12 lace 'n smooth firm control camisole $40.00 more bali: lace 'n smooth firm control camisole 9 reviews colors: details: firm control shaping camisole with mesh-lined cups shapes tummy, waist and high hips stretch lace offers 360° of comfortable control back adjustable stretch straps back view: straight across, just covers bra featured review: on august 13, 2014 bali longline bra i like these bras because they are feminine and also lightweight. the fit is comfortable, not too tight. some shapers are so generic and this one has a bit of style. click to order this style​​ assets red hot label by spanx 1838 medium control high-waist tights $24.00 more assets red hot label by spanx : medium control high-waist tights 9 reviews color: details: medium control, high-waist shaping tights strong yarns firm your waist, hips, thighs and rear tummy control panel keeps you tucked in full coverage shaping offers a sleek silhouette long-lasting yarns stay opaque wear after wear featured review: on december 19, 2013 a good product very supportive, nice fitting tights. they run a little small. i take a 2x pantyhose and i had to get 5x in these tights. but they fit great. no binding, pulling, bunching. they are nice quality tights! click to order this style​​ spanx 2433 slim cognito extra firm control high-waist shaper $78.00 more spanx: slim cognito extra firm control high-waist shaper colors: details: updated super control mid-thigh shaper with sleek yarns slims entire mid-section as well as hips and thighs targeted compression zones for problem areas removable straps attach to bra up to 4 different places re-inforced leg band for a smoother, sleeker look click to order this style​​ ∧ back to top 1 of 9|   view 300 per page   viewing 1-60 of 494 sleek, slim and sexy shapewear! no matter her size or shape, every woman should own a few items of shapewear. in an instant, shapewear helps slim, shape, lift and support in all the right places. today’s shapewear is not like the restrictive girdles of the past. it is light, easy  ... no matter her size or shape, every woman should own a few items of shapewear. in an instant, shapewear helps slim, shape, lift and support in all the right places. today’s shapewear is not like the restrictive girdles of the past. it is light, easy to get on and even has a stylish design. bare necessities is proud to have a vast assortment of shapewear from the best brands in sizes that extend all the way to plus size. with just a few clicks, customers can find what shapewear they are looking for and even troubleshoot their problem areas. this results in looking and feeling great in all of their clothes. get your bodyshapers with over 35 brands of shapewear, we have something for every figure and budget. we have an incredible selection of shaping styles that goes beyond what your corner lingerie boutique would carry. choose from tummy tamers, shaping boyshorts, slips, open bust slimmers, body briefers, smoothing camis, shaping briefs, waist cinchers, shaping leggings, corsets, high waist panties and even shaping clothing. many of our shapewear is sleek and light enough to be worn every day, even under your most basic jeans and tees looks. bare necessities is a one stop shop destination for the most coveted of shapewear brands like spanx, body wrap, yummie tummie, wacoal, assets by spanx, nancy ganz, nearly nude, flexees, skinnygirl and so many more! each brand is unique and is designed for different women’s figures and trouble zones. whether you are a bride looking for the right underpinnings for the big day or just a gal looking to smooth out a bulging tummy under your favorite mini, we feel confident you will find what you are looking for at bare necessities. shaping solutions are here… not only do we have a myriad of styles and a bevy of brands, but we also offer expert advice and shaping style tips. each season we help our customers match their shapewear needs to the hottest fashion looks of the season. we also carry seasonal shapewear pieces like swimwear and long and short sleeve shaping tees. many of our most popular features have a shapewear focus like the top summer shapewear or how to get the perfect shapewear wardrobe with 5 easy pieces. in addition to these helpful elements, our customer ratings and reviews system is like finding out the scoop from thousands of your bffs and shopping our best sellers category helps narrow down our most popular slimming styles. shapewear is a huge part of the bare necessities brand and we are proud to help women achieve their dream bodies on a daily basis. > more bare necessities promise free shipping on u.s. orders over $70 free shipping on exchanges 60-day no hassle returns customer service 24/7/365 1.877.728.9272 bra fit experts available 8am-6pm est sign up for email we value your privacy company about us contact us careers egift certificates affiliate program customer service shipping information returns & exchanges privacy policy international shipping get intimate with us! © 1997-2014, bareweb, inc., bare necessities® close close our apologies...we are experiencing a technical issue with this page. please call us at 1.877.728.9272, 24 hours a day, 7 days a week and we'll gladly help you complete your order. if you prefer, you may also email us at info@barenecessities.com. please include: your name, where on our site you received the error, any questions you may have, and how and when you'd like us to contact you. our business hours are monday-sunday 8am-6pm est. close click below to save our apologies...we are experiencing a technical issue with this page. please call us at 1.877.728.9272, 24 hours a day, 7 days a week and we'll gladly help you complete your order. if you prefer, you may also email us at info@barenecessities.com. please include: your name, where on our site you received the error, any questions you may have, and how and when you'd like us to contact you. our business hours are monday-sunday 8am-6pm est. close close free shipping brands: anita, arlotta, aubade, bettye by bettye muller, born, chantelle, charles by charles david, cleo by panache, cosabella, dansko, dita von teese, dolce vita, donald j pliner, earth, elomi, empreinte, enell, fantasie, fitflop, fly london, freya, gentle souls, hanky panky, hanro, hard tail, huit, la perla, l'agent by agent provocateur, le mystère, lou, lyssé, magicsuit, maison close, marie jo, merrell, miraclesuit, moving comfort, natori, panache, prima donna, ryka, simone perele, spanx, the flexx, triumph, ugg australia, vince camuto, vionic, wacoal, wolford standard shipping. u.s. orders only.