来源URL: https://web.archive.org/web/20141231201837/http://www.barenecessities.com/customerservice.aspx
================================================================================

customer service at bare necessities checkout track my order my account your cart 0 free shipping on orders of $70 bras panties sleep active shapewear hosiery shoes swim dd+ plus men brand clearance clearance salebras up to 50% offpj's up to 65% offpanties $4.99 & upshoes up to 70% offview all clearance bras by size bras panties sleepwear activewear shapewear hosiery leggings socks swim dd+ plus size sexy lingerie luxury slips & camis accessories shoes - new bridal fit tips & advice new arrivals clearance underwear t-shirts & undershirts sleep & lounge shoes - new clearance spanx ugg australia wacoal dita von teese - new hanky panky triumph - new the intimate britney spears chantelle le mystère panache fantasie calvin klein view all brands customer service - faq's placing an order how can a bra fit expert help me? what is my shopper id? are my items in stock? how do backorders work? what are my payment options? when will i be billed? how do i order by mail or fax? is it safe to use my credit card? is gift wrapping available? are gift invoices available? where can i enter a coupon or promotional code? how do i change my membership information? shipping and returns how much do you charge for shipping? when will my order be shipped? can i track my order? does bare necessities accept international orders? what is bare necessities' return policy? who pays for return shipping? how do i return/exchange something? about bare necessities what about my privacy? what are cookies? does bare necessities use them? how can i submit comments and suggestions? international orders international customers - click here how can a bra fit expert help me? our bra fit experts can be reached at 1.877.728.9272 monday-sunday 8am-6pm est by selecting option 4 for a style and fit consultation. our bra fit experts will complete a full assessment of your current bra dilemma, find you the right size through questioning and an over the phone fitting, and then help you select the perfect style for your body type. our bra fit experts are professional bra fitters whom have been certified by eveden, united kingdom's largest lingerie and swimwear design and manufacturer, and ali cudby's fabfit™ academy. ali cudby is the founder and ceo of fabfoundations™, and the best-selling author of busted!: the fabfoundations™ guide to bras that fit, flatter and feel fantastic - http://www.fabfitacademy.com. back to top what is my shopper id? your shopper id is 3bfcb5 not sure what's going on with your cart? call us at 1.877.728.9272 and give a customer service representative your shopper id. a shopper id is a unique id that identifies what is in your shopping cart. we would be happy to help you complete your transaction. back to top are my items in stock? we offer real-time inventory. you can check if any item is available on each product page by selecting the size and color you need. if the color/size combination is no longer available, a message will show up in red stating "this color/size combination is no longer available." back to top how do backorders work? if the size/color you need is on backorder, a message will show up in red underneath the select size/select color selection stating "this color/size combination is on backorder for 2-3 weeks" or "this color/size combination is on backorder for 6-8 weeks." you can still place an order for these items, and we recommend doing so to save your place in line! once we receive your item back in stock, we will ship it out to you for no additional shipping cost! charging for backorders: when you first place your order, there will be a pending authorization hold on the total amount of the order; this charge drops a few business days after the purchase. you are not charged for backordered items until they ship out. once we receive the items in stock, we will pack them up and ship them out to you via our "free standard shipping" method (7-10 business days). as the items ship, you will be charged. if backorders are discounted: sometimes your backordered items will get broken up into separate shipments based on availability. if the items carry a discount or promotion, the last items that ship will carry the discount or "free" status. for example, say, you take advantage buy 2 get 1 free promotion and you order 9 pairs of maidenform comfort devotion hipsters, but they are backordered for 2-3 weeks. we may receive a partial shipment and send you 6 pairs. you would be charged for the six pairs as they ship. the following week, we may receive another shipment from the vendor, then those 3 will ship out to you free of charge and free of any shipping charges since the final items to ship always carry the discount. back to top what are my payment options? we accept visa, mastercard, american express, discover, bill me later and paypal online. if you're not as comfortable with the computer, you can place an order over the phone (877.728.9272 option 1), mail or via fax. back to top when will i be billed? you will be billed when your package is shipped from our fulfillment center. we usually ship in stock items within 1-3 business days, excluding holidays. if you cancel your order prior to shipment, you will not be billed. back to top how do i order by mail or fax? you may place your order by printing our order form and faxing or mailing it to us. you may need adobe acrobat reader to view/print the order form. download adobe acrobat reader back to top is it safe to use my credit card? yes, shopping at bare necessities is safe. our secure server software encrypts information, ensuring that internet transactions stay private and protected. we use secure sockets layer (ssl) technology, considered the gold standard in internet encryption technology, to protect the security of your credit card information as it is transmitted to us. under the fair credit billing act, your bank or credit card company cannot hold you liable for more than $50 of unauthorized or fraudulent charges on a credit card. your liability for unauthorized use of a debit card may be higher, but most debit card issuers voluntarily apply the $50 limit to their cards, as well. if your bank does hold you liable for any amount up to $50, bare necessities will cover the liability imposed on you, up to $50. bare necessities will cover this amount only if the unauthorized use of your credit card occurred at bare necessities, as determined by your credit card company, and through no fault of your own. you must notify your card provider, in accordance with the agreement you have with the company, if unauthorized use of your credit or debit card does occur. back to top is gift wrapping available? we take great pride in our packaging - each order is carefully wrapped in delicate tissue and placed inside an unmarked shipping box or shipping envelope. at this time we do not offer gift wrapping services although we do offer gift invoices. bare necessities gift invoices are quite similar to our normal invoices with the exception that they do not contain pricing information. please be aware that the order confirmation email does contain pricing information regardless of the type of invoice accompanying the shipment. back to top are gift invoices available? yes! during the checkout process you will have an opportunity to choose to have a gift invoice enclosed with your order. bare necessities gift invoices are quite similar to our normal invoices with the exception that they do not contain pricing information. please be aware that the order confirmation email does contain pricing information regardless of the type of invoice accompanying the shipment. back to top where can i enter a coupon or promotional code? occasionally we offer coupon or promotional codes to our customers. to use one of these codes, please enter the code on the "cart" page of our checkout process. if you place your order over the phone, please inform the customer service representative that you have a code. only one coupon code may be used per order. back to top how do i change my membership information? personal information relating to you and your order history are only available to you if you provide the correct password that you create. to access your private information, you first sign in, and then you can edit or delete your information through the "my account" page. your email address can only be changed by calling us at 1.877.728.9272. back to top how much do you charge for shipping? your shipping options and costs will vary based on your delivery address and package weight. your actual shipping charges will be reflected at checkout. shipping fees are not refundable unless we fail to meet our service level for guaranteed shipping for in-stock items. shipping method delivery by* ordersbelow $70 orders$70 and up shoprunner , free 2-day shipping guaranteed delivery1-2 business daysvia ups free free standard shipping 7-10 business days viayour local post office $5 free preferred shipping 3-6 business days viayour local post office $6.95flat rate just $3.95flat rate usps priority mail 3-5 business days viayour local post office starts at $7.00 starts at $7.00 fedex home delivery 3-6 business daysvia fedex starts at $8.95 starts at $8.95 fedex ground 3-6 business daysvia fedex starts at $8.95 starts at $8.95 2-day delivery 2 business daysvia fedex* $15.00 $15.00 fedex next day air guaranteed deliverynext business day viafedex* starts at $22 starts at $22 fedex next day airsaturday delivery guaranteed deliveryby saturday via fedex starts at $35 starts at $35 standard shipping and preferred shipping are delivered by the local post office. fedex home delivery delivers to homes tuesday-saturday. fedex ground delivers to businesses monday-friday. *orders for 2-day and next day air that are placed after 3:00pm est will leave our warehouse the next business day. shipping is available to all 50 united states, apo/fpo/dpo addresses, u.s. territories (guam, puerto rico, u.s. virgin islands), rural routes and p.o. box addresses. please see our international faq’s for international shipping details. shoprunner is a membership program that gives you and your family unlimited free 2-day shipping and other great benefits on millions of eligible items from the biggest and the best. eligible items, (those with a green shoprunner logo next to them) will ship free 2-day. the term "2-day" describes the number of business days your package is in transit after it leaves our warehouse. "2-day shipping" means that your order will arrive at the shipping address within 2 business days from the time it leaves our warehouse. orders with shoprunner shipping that are placed before 3:00 pm est on a business day will leave our warehouse the same day. orders with shoprunner shipping that are place after 3:00 pm est on a business day will leave our warehouse the next business day. out of stock items will ship as they become available. orders with shoprunner shipping placed on a non-business day will ship the next business day. shoprunner only ships to physical addresses in the united states (including alaska, hawaii and puerto rico). po box, apo/fpo/dpo are excluded from the shoprunner program. back to top when will my order be shipped? we usually ship in stock items within 1-3 business days, excluding holidays. select shipping methods ship the same day for in-stock orders placed by 3:00pm est- see our shipping methods above, for details. don’t forget it is never too late to send an e-gift certificate. back to top can i track my order? once your order is shipped, you will be sent an email confirmation with your tracking number and link to track your order. you may also track your order and return status at www.barenecessities.com/status by entering your order number and zip code for us orders only. you do not need to be a member to track your order. back to top does bare necessities accept international orders? yes! we ship internationally to over 100 countries and territories though our shipping partner borderfree. international shoppers now get the benefit of seeing product prices in their local currency, guaranteed order totals, cost-effective international shipping, and much more. click here for our international faq's. back to top what is bare necessities' return policy? we want you to love your purchase! if you are not satisfied with your purchase, please return it for a prompt credit or exchange. we only accept back unworn/unwashed merchandise with tags. returning within 60 days: you will receive credit back on the initial credit card or account. returning after 60 days: you will receive an online store credit so you can pick out a new favorite! back to top who pays for return shipping? if you are returning a purchase, you are responsible for the return shipping. for your convenience, we include a pre-paid return label in your package. when we process your return, a fee of $6.95 will be deducted from your return credit. you can also ship your return back yourself. if you would like to ship it back yourself, we recommend using an insured, traceable method and cannot be held accountable for lost packages. in the unlikely event that we inadvertently sent you incorrect merchandise or you received damaged merchandise, please notify us immediately at 1.877.728.9272. we will reimburse you for the cost of returning the package to us, and we will not charge you for the shipping costs of replacement merchandise. back to top how do i return/exchange something? not satisfied? return it or exchange it... it's as easy as 1-2-3!1. fill it out!fill out the section marked returns on the invoice in your box or click here to print a blank return/exchange form.indicate the items you want to return and the reason code.if you wish to exchange for a different item, please also complete the section marked exchanges by telling us which items you'd like in exchange. note the brand, style #, size, descriptions, color and quantity.we are pleased to remind you that as always, we send your exchanged items back to you free of shipping charges.returns/exchanges take up to 15 business days for us to receive and process. call us if you want your replacement items faster: 877.728.9272.2. pack it up!pack your items and include the bottom portion invoice in your box or click here to print a blank return/exchange form.3. drop it off!convenience do it yourselfpeel and place our convenient label on any box and drop it off with the us post office.a $6.95 return shipping fee will be deductedfrom your credit.track your return status at barenecessites.com/statusship it yourself using any carrier to:bare necessities return center90 northfield ave. edison, nj 08837-3807make sure to insure your package!please allow 15 business days for your return or exchange to be processed. we will notify you via e-mail of your refund once we have received and processed the returned item. shipping fees on your original order are not refundable.exchanges work like this: we will process a return credit first, and then process a separate charge for the replacement items. we can place an exchange order for you and have the items shipped asap. you will be charged for these items when they ship out, but once we receive your return items back to our warehouse we will issue credit back to the original payment method for the item(s) you are returning. if you return items after 60 days, you will receive an online store credit. please allow up to 15 business days from the date you ship the package for us to receive and process your return. initial shipping fees and return shipping costs are not refundable. we will email you once we have processed your package as well as when your exchange ships. shoprunner returns: as a shoprunner member, returns are easy and free of charge. shoprunner members please click here to log into your shoprunner account and print a pre-paid return label. if you have any questions or need additional return labels, please be sure to contact shoprunner at memberservices@shoprunner.com or call 1.888.771.7467. back to top what about my privacy? we are committed to protecting your privacy. we use the information we collect on the site to make shopping on this web site possible and to enhance your overall shopping experience. click on this link to view our complete privacy policy. back to top what are cookies? does bare necessities use them? simply put, a cookie is a small piece of information that web sites use to remember information about users. bare necessities uses two types of cookies to recognize our members. we use transient cookies to provide continuity from page to page. they do not contain any personally identifying information. bare necessities uses persistent cookies to identify members after their first visit. back to top how can i submit comments and suggestions? you can send email to info@barenecessities.com, use our feedback form, or call us at 1.877.728.9272 during business hours, monday-sunday 8am-6pm est. for questions about your order, our customer service representatives are available to assist you monday-sunday 8am-6pm est. to place a new order, call anytime. we're available 24 hours a day, 7 days a week. back to top bare necessities promise free shipping on u.s. orders over $70 free shipping on exchanges 60-day no hassle returns customer service 24/7/365 1.877.728.9272 bra fit experts available 8am-6pm est sign up for email we value your privacy company about us contact us careers egift certificates affiliate program customer service shipping information returns & exchanges privacy policy international shipping get intimate with us! © 1997-2015, bareweb, inc., bare necessities® close close our apologies...we are experiencing a technical issue with this page. please call us at 1.877.728.9272, 24 hours a day, 7 days a week and we'll gladly help you complete your order. if you prefer, you may also email us at info@barenecessities.com. please include: your name, where on our site you received the error, any questions you may have, and how and when you'd like us to contact you. our business hours are monday-sunday 8am-6pm est. close click below to save our apologies...we are experiencing a technical issue with this page. please call us at 1.877.728.9272, 24 hours a day, 7 days a week and we'll gladly help you complete your order. if you prefer, you may also email us at info@barenecessities.com. please include: your name, where on our site you received the error, any questions you may have, and how and when you'd like us to contact you. our business hours are monday-sunday 8am-6pm est. close close free shipping brands: anita, arlotta, aubade, bettye by bettye muller, born, chantelle, charles by charles david, cleo by panache, cosabella, dansko, dita von teese, dolce vita, donald j pliner, earth, elomi, empreinte, enell, fantasie, fitflop, fly london, freya, gentle souls, hanky panky, hanro, hard tail, huit, la perla, l'agent by agent provocateur, le mystère, lou, lyssé, magicsuit, maison close, marie jo, merrell, miraclesuit, moving comfort, natori, panache, prima donna, ryka, simone perele, spanx, the flexx, triumph, ugg australia, vince camuto, vionic, wacoal, wolford standard shipping. u.s. orders only.