来源URL: https://web.archive.org/web/20151230083528/http://www.barenecessities.com/contactus.aspx
================================================================================

shop top 10 sports bras shop top 10 sports bras shop top 10 sports bras track order my account my bag 0 bras by size bras panties sleep shapewear swim shoes hosiery active men brands clearance menu menu 0 wacoal: year in review | editors' picks » menu x my stuff home track my order my account our top picks bra offer - 50% off top 10 sports bras best of calvin klein jockey sale - 25% off pjs - up to 70% off shop by category bras by size bras panties shapewear sleepwear hosiery swimwear activewear shoes sexy lingerie luxury bridal accessories dd+ plus men's brands new arrivals clearance our top picks bra offer - 50% off top 10 sports bras best of calvin klein jockey sale - 25% off pjs - up to 70% off bras by size bras panties swimsuits activewear shapewear hosiery leggings socks sleepwear dd+ plus size sexy lingerie luxury slips & camis accessories shoes bridal boutique fit tips & advice new arrivals clearance underwear t-shirts & undershirts sleep & lounge shoes clearance spanx wacoal under armour ugg australia dita von teese hanky panky curvy couture - new chantelle yummie by heather thomson frye panache fantasie calvin klein view all brands general inquiries: info@barenecessities.com order-related inquiries: orders@barenecessities.com affiliate information: affiliates@barenecessities.com press / media: press@barenecessities.com buying department: brands@barenecessities.com marketing & business inquiries: corporate@barenecessities.com employment: jobs@barenecessities.com click here to send us a message via our online form. general: 732.902.5000 fax: 732.902.5001 customer service: 1.877.728.9272 * * for questions about your order, our customer service agents are available to assist you monday-saturday 8am-6pm est. to place a new order, call anytime. we're available 24 hours a day, 7 days a week. bare necessities 90 northfield avenue edison, n.j. 08837-3807 for returns please click here for address information. merchandise planner position summary the merchandise planner will be responsible for partnering with the buying team to develop and execute merchandise assortments and inventory management strategies that achieve sales, profit, and turnover performance objectives. the position is based in edison, nj. essential duties & responsibilities •	create vendor, department, and class level financial plans by analyzing historical and current trends •	reforecast in-season based on current performance and trends •	analyze key item trends and seasonality, adjusting forecasts, markups, receipts, and inventory levels as needed to drive business •	identify opportunities and make recommendations to increase sales, margin, and turnover to meet or exceed plan •	perform ad hoc analysis based on historical performance and merchandise product attributes •	collaborate with buyers in the development of assortment plans and sku management •	perform other duties as assigned qualifications •	bachelor’s degree required •	minimum 3 years experience in merchandising planning and/or buying •	excellent analytical, communication, and interpersonal skills •	advanced proficiency in microsoft office - ms excel, ms word, and ms outlook •	replenishment, basics, and e-commerce experience a plus •	self-motivated with critical attention to detail and deadlines •	proven ability to build productive cross-functional relationships •	experience working both independently and in a team oriented environment to apply for the merchandise planner position, please send your resume and cover letter to jobs19@barenecessities.com customer service manager position summary the customer service manager will be responsible for the day to day management of the customer service department. the manager will partner and collaborate with other departments to enhance the overall customer experience. the manager will be expected to bring skills and knowledge from relevant past experience, share values to motivate the team and build confidence and enthusiasm about bare necessities. this position reports to the president and coo. essential duties & responsibilities •	lead the customer service department that handles all inbound customer service and order-placing phone calls, inbound customer service emails, live chat and fraud prevention •	responsible for the talent life cycle of team, including recruitment, hiring, training, development and performance management •	manage vendor relationships with phone and online chat outsource partners •	drive phone and online chat sales’ goals through training programs, implementing incentive programs and continuously evaluating selling metrics •	develop and execute best practices and kpis across all functional areas in order to ensure the delivery of a phenomenal customer experience •	create emotionally engaging customer experiences, consistent with the brand vision •	leverage customer feedback to identify opportunities that enhance the delivery experience •	continually seek out and implement new tools, communications, or workflows that can streamline processes, increase efficiency and improve the customer experience •	collaborate with department leaders to continually improve customer satisfaction with all aspects of the brand, including but not limited to, site experience, customer service, transactional emails, marketing emails, fulfillment, product quality and availability, and social media •	make sound decisions and assume full accountability of department •	demonstrate ability to exercise prudent judgement •	prepare and manage departmental budget qualifications •	10+ years of experience managing a medium to large customer service department, preferably in the apparel industry •	bachelor’s degree required to apply for the customer service manager position, please send your resume and cover letter to jobs20@barenecessities.com assistant buyer position overview we are looking for an assistant buyer to join our merchandising team in edison, nj. the position reports to a buyer within the merchant organization. the assistant buyer will team with and support the buyer in driving profitable sales growth and running all operational functions for the buying area. essential job functions •	assist buyer in the development and execution of sales and assortment plans for categories and vendors •	perform on-going analysis and interpretation of key business issues as directed by buyer •	responsible for top notch presentation of product/ categories on our website to maximize conversion and sales •	independently manage operational functions for a designated buying office. responsibilities include purchase order management, processing markdowns, performing necessary follow-up •	proficiently manage all internal retail management systems critical to the operation of the business. •	establish and develop strong partnerships with the vendors requirements •	4-year bachelor’s degree required •	successful track record as an assistant buyer with 1-2 years of experience in a department store environment •	e-commerce experience is an advantage •	strong retail math, problem solving, written and verbal communication skills •	proficiency in excel, word, and data entry into business management systems •	strong analytical and quantitative skills •	proven ability to multi task and adjust priorities as the business requires •	ability to consistently meet deadlines, both independently and as part of a team •	ability to travel to new york city frequently for market appointments other skills/abilities •	our offices are located in edison, nj. • a car is required to reach our offices. to apply for the assistant buyer position, please send your resume and cover letter to jobs21@barenecessities.com photo retoucher date: 11/12/2015 position summary the photo retoucher applies techniques in photoshop to retouch or enhance photographs. reduce gloss, remove debris, or prepare specified areas of photographs for highlighting. shade photographs to conceal blemishes, stray hairs, wrinkles, and soften highlights. examine photographs to determine coloring, shading, accenting, and changes to retouch or restore. trim edges of photographs to enhance appearance. create masking templates to mask out specified areas. this position reports to the photo studio manager. essential duties & responsibilities: •	maintain production of a high volume of images under very tight deadlines •	partner with the shoot production and merchandising teams to ensure quality •	utilize appropriate digital asset management techniques, from receiving images from the studio up to when the item goes live •	take creative direction from creative director and apply to images in order to achieve the best possible result for final web files •	communicate with other teams in order to proactively address discrepancies and solve issues •	collaborate with several departments & also work independently qualifications: •	3-5 years of experience retouching images in photoshop •	possess in-depth knowledge of retouching skin tone, body shape, clothing and product refinement, as well as ability to control color/contrast for the web and print •	knowledge and experience in advanced retouching, selection tools, color correction curves, histograms, sharpening, masking, layers, channels, color management, raw file conversion and adjustments and keyboard shortcuts •	ability to work very quickly without sacrificing overall image quality •	strong organizational skills and attention to detail •	familiarity with content management, microsoft excel, and email •	proactive problem solving abilities with excellent verbal & written communication skills •	ability to prioritize and coordinate multiple projects & meet deadlines in a fast-paced environment •	online shopping & apparel/fashion-related experience a plus •	experience in adobe lightroom also a plus to apply for the photo retoucher position, please send your resume to jobs5@barenecessities.com assistant controller company summary bare necessities is a dynamic, fast-growing e-commerce retailer that is looking for an accounting professional to be a right hand to the senior vice president - finance. we are seeking an organized, energetic, analytical person to play a pivotal role in our aggressive growth by developing the analytical disciplines and controls we need to ensure our financial success. the assistant controller will be directly responsible for the accounts payable, payroll, fixed assets, treasury and general accounting functions. essential duties & responsibilities •	manage and control general accounting activities including recording company transactions, classifications, and reconciliation of account balances in accordance with gaap and company policy •	assist with the preparation of financials, balance sheet reconciliations, and financial audits •	ensure that general ledger balances are accurate and that monthly closes are completed within established timelines •	prepare and analyze financial and operational reports, and perform variance analysis •	prepare and assist in providing support for annual audit requests •	monitor and analyze department work to develop more efficient procedures and use of resources while maintaining a high level of accuracy •	provide coaching, guidance and support to the accounting team •	maintain credibility with vendor base through clear and timely communication •	install, modify, document, and coordinate implementation of financial systems and accounting control procedures •	ensure accurate and timely processing of all payables and payroll •	reconcile all bank and credit card accounts •	prepare covenants and reports for bank •	ensure compliance with company policies and procedures, and support the company’s mission, values, and standards of ethics and integrity •	perform additional duties as assigned qualifications (desired skills & experience) •	bachelor’s degree in accounting required •	5+ years of general accounting experience with evidence of increasing levels of responsibility required •	2+ years of supervisory or management experience strongly preferred •	retail accounting experience / knowledge preferred •	public accounting experience combined with a cpa is a plus •	experience with great plains/ microsoft dynamics •	experience with the installation of new accounting systems / upgrades •	experience with edi •	experience processing payroll with paychex •	strong reconciliation skills qualifications •	proficient in microsoft office, including word, excel and outlook •	excellent interpersonal, verbal, and written communication skills •	strong organizational, problem-solving, and analytical skills •	detail oriented, hands-on and willingness to work in a company environment that is still developing its systems and controls •	versatility, flexibility, and a willingness to work with constantly changing priorities to apply for the assistant controller position, please send your resume to jobs8@barenecessities.com creative director position overview the creative director is responsible for setting the creative visual direction for bare necessities based upon the overall brand strategy and for developing creative campaigns that are fashion forward, market appropriate, innovative, and commercial. this position will lead and direct a creative team in the development of visually compelling and effective experiences for web, email, social media, and special projects across all digital platforms, including tablet and mobile. specific responsibilities •	establish and maintain the visual identity and brand standards for bare necessities. •	provides creative leadership, coaching and professional development to the creative team; mentors, trains, and conducts performance reviews. •	conceive and design creative solutions that are customer-friendly, deliver upon campaign objectives, and maintain integrity of the bare necessities brand. •	collaborate with the photo studio team to plan and art direct photography to support marketing campaigns as needed. •	partner with merchandising and marketing departments to deliver the most effective creative assets to support marketing efforts. •	work with the e-commerce team to optimize the user experience. •	maintain accuracy and attention to detail throughout the creative and production process. •	ensure project deadlines are met throughout the creative team. •	stay current on emerging trends for interactive, mobile, advertising, design, and visual communications, online consumer behavior, and technological advances. introduce these to future projects where appropriate. qualifications •	bachelor's degree (design / interactive) or equivalent experience. •	minimum of 10 years’ experience in art direction, design, and brand management, preferably in the retail, fashion or cosmetics industry, with majority of experience in ecommerce and digital. •	conceptually strong with a sophisticated sense of visual design. •	minimum of 5 years’ experience directing and motivating a creative team. •	expert level skills in adobe creative suite 5+ (illustrator, photoshop, indesign at minimum). •	strong understanding of html, html5, css, and flash. •	extensive experience in design for ecommerce, digital and mobile. •	photo art direction experience ideally producing top-quality fashion photography for women's apparel. •	excellent knowledge of ecommerce, e-mail, and mobile best practices. •	strong multi-tasker. must possess ability to think and respond quickly while maintaining attention to detail across multiple projects. •	demonstrated ability to develop campaign concepts and strategies in support of merchandising initiatives and business goals. other skills/abilities •	our offices are located in edison, nj. •	a car is required to reach our offices. to apply for the creative director position, please send your resume and cover letter to jobs2@barenecessities.com customer service representative customer service team mission statement: we strive to create repeat customers by exceeding the customer expectation with each shopping experience. as intimate apparel consultants, we will share our knowledge of our products and match your need with the best possible solution. our highest quality of customer service will help make bare necessities a household name. position summary: as a customer service representative you will be responsible for placing phone orders and responding to customer inquiries via phone and email. you will be expected to provide outstanding customer service measured by team goals, industry service level standards and most importantly customer satisfaction. the job will be located in our edison, new jersey office. candidate requirements: service, sales, fashion interest and friendly personality! we are looking for candidates with strong communication, organization and follow up skills. at least three years’ experience as a customer service representative or previous exposure to a call center environment is preferred. associate’s degree or higher preferred. start date: 5/15/2015 specific responsibilities hours:tbd during the week, and every saturday. to apply for the customer service representative position, please send your resume and cover letter to jobs13@barenecessities.com shop at bare necessities about us | fit tips and advice | check out our blog | watch our commercial sign up for email | shop the outlet | work here lift someone up for a chance to win a $50 gift card supporting you 24/7/365 our bra experts are here to help from 8am-6pm est. 1.877.728.9272 1.877.728.9272 email us faq's our promise we believe your shopping experience should be easy. free shipping on orders over $70 60-day hassle-free returns bra fit experts available 8am-6pm est. shop confidently we want you to feel safe, secure and confident at bare necessities. © 1997-2015, bareweb, inc., bare necessities® privacy policy | terms of use close close our apologies...we are experiencing a technical issue with this page. please call us at 1.877.728.9272, 24 hours a day, 7 days a week and we'll gladly help you complete your order. if you prefer, you may also email us at info@barenecessities.com. please include: your name, where on our site you received the error, any questions you may have, and how and when you'd like us to contact you. our business hours are monday-saturday 8am-6pm est. × no thanks close close no thanks close close our apologies...we are experiencing a technical issue with this page. please call us at 1.877.728.9272, 24 hours a day, 7 days a week and we'll gladly help you complete your order. if you prefer, you may also email us at info@barenecessities.com. please include: your name, where on our site you received the error, any questions you may have, and how and when you'd like us to contact you. our business hours are monday-saturday 8am-6pm est. hidden button × × international shipping options select the country you will be shipping to and your preferred billing currency. there was an error. please try again later. select shipping destination afghanistan albania algeria andorra angola anguilla antigua and barbuda armenia aruba australia austria azerbaijan bahamas bahrain bangladesh barbados belarus belgium belize benin bermuda bhutan bolivia bonaire, sint eustatius and saba bosnia and herzegovina botswana brazil brunei darussalam bulgaria burkina faso burundi cã´te d'ivoire cambodia cameroon canada cape verde cayman islands central african republic chad chile china christmas island cocos (keeling) islands colombia comoros congo, democratic republic of the congo, republic of the cook islands costa rica croatia curaã§ao cyprus czech republic denmark djibouti dominica dominican republic ecuador egypt el salvador equatorial guinea eritrea estonia ethiopia falkland islands (malvinas) faroe islands fiji finland france french guiana french polynesia gabon gambia georgia germany ghana gibraltar greece greenland grenada guadeloupe guatemala guernsey guinea guinea-bissau guyana haiti holy see (vatican city state) honduras hong kong hungary iceland india indonesia iraq ireland isle of man israel italy jamaica japan jersey jordan kazakhstan kenya kiribati korea, republic of kosovo kuwait kyrgyzstan lao people's democratic republic latvia lebanon lesotho liberia libya liechtenstein lithuania luxembourg macao macedonia, the former yugoslav republic of madagascar malawi malaysia maldives mali malta marshall islands martinique mauritania mauritius mayotte mexico micronesia, federated states of moldova, republic of monaco mongolia montenegro montserrat morocco mozambique myanmar namibia nauru nepal netherlands new caledonia new zealand nicaragua niger nigeria niue norway oman pakistan palau panama papua new guinea paraguay peru philippines poland portugal qatar rã©union romania russian federation rwanda saint barthã©lemy saint kitts and nevis saint lucia saint pierre and miquelon saint vincent and the grenadines samoa san marino sao tome and principe saudi arabia senegal serbia seychelles sierra leone singapore sint maarten (dutch part) slovakia slovenia solomon islands somalia south africa spain sri lanka suriname swaziland sweden switzerland taiwan tajikistan tanzania, united republic of thailand timor-leste togo tonga trinidad and tobago tunisia turkey turks and caicos islands tuvalu uganda ukraine united arab emirates united kingdom united states uruguay uzbekistan vanuatu vietnam virgin islands, british wallis and futuna yemen zambia zimbabwe select currency australian dollar bahamian dollar bahraini dinar balboa barbados dollar belize dollar boliviano bosnian convertible mark british pound bulgarian lev canadian dollar cayman islands dollar cfa franc bceao cfa franc beac chilean peso colombian peso cordoba oro costa rican colon croatian kuna czech koruna danish krone dominican peso egyptian pound euro guarani hong kong dollar hungarian forint indian rupee indonesian rupiah israeli shekel jamaican dollar japanese yen jordanian dinar korean won kuwaiti dinar lebanese pound lempira lilangeni malayan ringgit mexican peso moroccan dirham namibia dollar nepalese rupee netherlands antillan guilder new romanian leu new zealand dollar norwegian krone omani rial pakistan rupee peruvian nuevo sol philippine peso polish zloty qatari riyal quetzal riel rufiyaa russian ruble saudi riyal singapore dollar south african rand sri lanka rupee swedish krona swiss franc taiwan dollar taka tenge thai baht turkish lira ukraine hryvnia united arab emirates dirham uruguay new peso us dollar yuan renminbi set shipping destination & currency i want to shop as a us customer × free shipping! free shipping on all orders over $150 cad close standard shipping. u.s. orders only. standard shipping. u.s. orders only. × × ×