来源URL: https://web.archive.org/web/20151230083528/http://www.barenecessities.com/Shapewear_catalog_nxs,33.htm
================================================================================

body shapers and shapewear for women | bare necessities shop top 10 sports bras shop top 10 sports bras shop top 10 sports bras track order my account my bag 0 bras by size bras panties sleep shapewear swim shoes hosiery active men brands clearance menu menu 0 wacoal: year in review | editors' picks » menu x my stuff home track my order my account our top picks bra offer - 50% off top 10 sports bras best of calvin klein jockey sale - 25% off pjs - up to 70% off shop by category bras by size bras panties shapewear sleepwear hosiery swimwear activewear shoes sexy lingerie luxury bridal accessories dd+ plus men's brands new arrivals clearance home shapewear shapewear 458 results filter by: filters sort best sellers price high-to-low price low-to-high brands a-z brands z-a new arrivals problem area trims torso (174) smoothes back (61) trims waist (73) controls tummy (435) shapes rear (187) slims hips & thighs (164) slims legs (63) all over control (18) close style open bust shapers (38) shaping bodysuit (59) slimming slips (22) slimming camisoles (60) waist cinchers (101) shaping panties (106) high waist panties (39) shapewear thongs (16) mid-thigh shapers (93) shapewear leggings (78) slimming pants (14) shaping hosiery (27) best sellers (45) new arrivals (5) shapewear on sale (36) close brand assets red hot label by spanx (45) bali (15) berkshire (3) bodywrap (14) camio mio (1) chantelle (4) commando (16) dkny (9) freya (1) hue (1) jockey (11) julie france (17) knock out! (2) le mystère (1) lyssé (34) maidenform (36) miraclesuit (24) msp by miraclesuit (3) olga (1) panache (1) simone perele (2) skinnygirl (1) spanx (103) squeem (2) tc fine intimates (27) triumph (2) va bien (4) wacoal (12) wolford (2) yummie by heather thomson (64) close size xs (36) s (293) m (317) l (303) xl (284) 1x (81) 2x (134) 3x (54) 4x (5) 5x (2) close sort by: best sellersprice high-to-lowprice low-to-highbrands a-zbrands z-anew arrivals 1 of 2viewing 1-300 of 458view 60 per page shapewear (458 results) camio mio 4074 smoothing hi-cut brief $20.00 buy 2 for $30 + free shipping! exclusively ours more hidden button camio mio: smoothing hi-cut brief 9 reviews colors: details: designed by popular demand for barenecessities.com comfortable, full coverage hi-cut brief offers a smooth look with targeted tummy panel eliminates muffin top via non-binding waistband no vpl thanks to laser-cut technology featured review: on october 29, 2015 good control and style! i like these panties except that the top rolls down a bit rather than sitting flat. click to order this style​​ × spanx 2745 power series medium control higher power short $38.00 more hidden button spanx: power series medium control higher power short 1 review colors: details: smoother results with less squeeze in this shaper targets the stomach and provides 360 degrees of support eliminates muffin top with a medium control high-waist defines your rear with the ruching detail no-slip strip at waistband for a stay-put fit featured review: on november 2, 2015 great product! wore this to a wedding - my first time getting dressed up after baby #2 - and i looked and felt great. this was my first real outing with a spanx product and i was worried about comfort, but it was not a problem at all, and definitely helped me reign in my mom-tummy. highly recommend! click to order this style​​ × spanx 2744 power medium control shorts $36.00 more hidden button spanx: power medium control shorts 1 review colors: details: smoother results with less squeeze in this shaper targets the stomach and provides 360 degrees of support defines your rear with the ruching detail eliminates lines with the dig-free leg bands ultimate stretch and recovery thanks to seamless yarns featured review: on october 28, 2015 still not quite right... oh how i miss the original power panties, or whatever they called the biker-short styled, normal waisted spanx. these are closer to being back to the original, but still not quite there. maybe i'm just looking for more squeeze, but i would definitely order these one size down next time (i am admittedly kind of right on the line between sizes and opted up this time...). just didn't feel they smoothed out the bumps and rolls as well as the original. still did a decent job, though, and definitely do fine protecting the inner thigh "chub rub" areas. click to order this style​​ × spanx 128 tight-end tights shaping opaque $22.00 buy 2 for $40! more hidden button spanx: tight-end tights shaping opaque 20 reviews colors: details: you'll love the feel of these opaque shaping tights shapes & firms tummy, hips, thighs and rear feel the comfort the non-binding waistband has to offer reinforcement & comfort thanks to rounded toe seams coolmax wicks sweat away from feet featured review: on november 18, 2015 great tights i like the amount of support and ease of care of these tights. i think they run a little large in the waist, but i have long legs so i just make a couple of darts in the waistband and they stay up fine and look wonderful. i have had versions of these tights last for years. i look forward to winter when i can wear them. click to order this style​​ × spanx 167 tight-end tights shaping high-waist opaque $28.00 more hidden button spanx: tight-end tights shaping high-waist opaque 9 reviews colors: details: you'll love the quality of these high-waist tights shapes & firms tummy, hips, thighs and rear experience the comfort of the non-binding waistband matte yarns and unique toe design for a flattering look cotton double-gusset for your convenience featured review: on march 18, 2015 very needed product i cannot live without my spanx and this product is one of them! i feel put together and confident when i wear these tights. not only do i get support in the legs but also in the tummy area - no muffin top! it also does not run down and feels comfortable - that's very important! i will continue to purchase. thank you. click to order this style​​ × yummie by heather thomson yt5-007 jasmina seamlessly shaped everyday shaping thong $18.00 buy 2 for $30! more hidden button yummie by heather thomson: jasmina seamlessly shaped everyday shaping thong 21 reviews colors: details: minimize panty lines in a seamless, light control thong double-lined waist shapes and smoothes the tummy 7.5'' modest rise; measurement taken from size m/l smooth, stretch microfiber featured review: on july 5, 2015 this was what i hoped for. this fit well for a petite rise, and very comfortable. i'm 5' and always wished a company would focus on petites. click to order this style​​ × spanx 101 all the way firm control pantyhose $28.00 more hidden button spanx: all the way firm control pantyhose 6 reviews colors: details: flatter your legs with these firm control pantyhose shapes & firms tummy, hips, thighs and rear experience the softness of the non-binding waistband no vpl thanks to laser-cut technology cotton gusset and invisible reinforced toe for comfort featured review: on may 21, 2013 love the feel of this hose i usually like spanx everything, so not surprising the control and feel of this hose is excellent. starting to get a bit warm to wear them but for work they help making my legs feel great all day! click to order this style​​ × assets red hot label by spanx 1663 firm control leggings $38.00 more hidden button assets red hot label by spanx : firm control leggings 14 reviews color: details: legs look sleek in these firm control leggings flatten the tummy with the double-layer waistband soft waist and leg bands won't dig in approx. 23'' inseam opaque stretch nylon featured review: on october 28, 2015 love these leggings! this is my second season ordering this particular brand. the give support and yet extremely comfortable. they are my absolute favorite brand! click to order this style​​ × spanx 914 in-power line firm control high-waist pantyhose $32.00 more hidden button spanx: in-power line firm control high-waist pantyhose 11 reviews colors: details: experience firm control in these high-waist pantyhose smoothes midriff, hips, thighs, and rear eliminate back bulge due to targeted zones cling-free thanks to new sleek yarns convenient cotton double gusset featured review: on november 28, 2015 outstanding product but should be included in sales so i can order again. fit perfect. color excellent. not dark. looks great with black dress. click to order this style​​ × miraclesuit 2783 sexy sheer extra firm control bodysuit $62.00 more hidden button miraclesuit: sexy sheer extra firm control bodysuit 30 reviews colors: details: feel confident with this firm control shaping bodysuit completely shapes and smoothes tummy, hips, and rear supportive underwire, double-layer molded mesh cups wonderful edge silicone lining on rear leg bands moderate coverage with rear defining center back seam featured review: on november 16, 2015 wonderful bodysuit! i'm very impressed with this bodysuit. i'm tall (5'9") and it fits very well. i haven't actually worn it to work yet (i'm on vacation) but i think i'm going to love it! i've just ordered a second one. highly recommend! click to order this style​​ × spanx 913 in-power line firm control pantyhose $28.00 more hidden button spanx: in-power line firm control pantyhose 9 reviews colors: details: experience luxe firm control in these shaping pantyhose shapes & firms tummy, hips, thighs and rear cling-free thanks to new sleek yarns invisible center seam and reinforced toe convenient cotton gusset featured review: on december 18, 2013 thank you spanx i absolutely love the spanx shaping pantyhose. i love the look they give my legs. my legs look absolutely flawless in these shaping sheers - they give an overall smooth and luxurious feel yet provide my legs amazing support. they also hold me in where i need it the most. although i have a very slim and athletic build they provide that extra smoothness needed when wearing body-con dresses - they give you a great looking silhouette under form fitting clothing. once again spanx - thank you so much for making these!!! also - these shaping pantyhose have great durability as well. click to order this style​​ × spanx 912 in-power line firm control footless pantyhose $28.00 more hidden button spanx: in-power line firm control footless pantyhose 8 reviews colors: details: experience firm control in these capri pantyhose shapes & firms tummy, hips, thighs and rear cling-free thanks to new sleek yarns hidden waistband sits just below the bra line convenient cotton double gusset featured review: on november 9, 2015 love them! love these! i wish i had tried them sooner! not as uncomfortable as i had heard. click to order this style​​ × yummie by heather thomson yt5-003 nici seamlessly shaped everyday shaping briefie $18.00 buy 2 for $30! more hidden button yummie by heather thomson: nici seamlessly shaped everyday shaping briefie 30 reviews colors: details: minimize panty lines in seamless, light control briefs control the tummy with the double lined waistband inspirational messages on the waistband smooth, stretch microfiber featured review: on october 26, 2015 works like is claims! smooth and comfortable fits as described and does flatten. these are exactly what i was looking for to flatten & smooth under dress slacks & dresses. click to order this style​​ × va bien 1509 strapless low back slimming bodysuit $85.00 more hidden button va bien: strapless low back slimming bodysuit 5 reviews colors: details: your go-to shaping bodysuit for low back dresses european cup sizes. see size chart for u.s. conversion. flatten your tummy with the light control powernet mesh added control and support thanks to the built-in boning patented ultra-lift boned foam-lined underwire cups featured review: on september 15, 2015 good product, but runs big. the cup sizes for this product run way larger than other foundations of the same size. i ordered a b cup, but the product's cup size fit more like a d. cup size is not true to the letter. click to order this style​​ × miraclesuit 2802 extra firm control comfort leg bodysuit $70.00 more hidden button miraclesuit: extra firm control comfort leg bodysuit 3 reviews colors: details: feel confident with this firm control shaping bodysuit comfortably, shapes midriff, tummy, back and rear supportive underwire, double-layer molded mesh cups wonderful edge silicone lining keeps legbands in place seamless comfort legbands won't dig and minimizes vpl featured review: on september 22, 2014 very comfortable i'm a large busted woman and usually underwires are excruciating for me. this bodysuit is surprisingly comfortable and does a good job of smoothing my bulges. i have ordered another one! click to order this style​​ × spanx ss5615 shape my day firm control open-bust bodysuit $84.00 more hidden button spanx: shape my day firm control open-bust bodysuit 2 reviews colors: details: experience firm control in this open-bust bodysuit firms tummy, hips, thighs and rear targeted zone compression thanks to seamless yarns rear stays perky with innovative butt pockets back adjustable stretch straps featured review: on april 22, 2015 smoothing, firming and light enough for spring/summer i have started to be able to wear sheath dresses of all fabrics with confidence thanks to this seamless shaper. it works for the purpose one buys these things-- to firm and smooth -- and i appreciate that that i can make my bra choice independently of the shaper. happy with one, i bought another in black. click to order this style​​ × spanx fl1415 essential shaping leggings $98.00 more hidden button spanx: essential shaping leggings colors: details: sharpen your look with these go-to leggings get a smooth look with firm control bonded waistband targets tummy and lower back while erasing muffin-top approx. 29'' inseam soft, brushed jersey polyester and spandex click to order this style​​ × spanx 2217 trust your thinstincts medium control bodysuit $88.00 more hidden button spanx: trust your thinstincts medium control bodysuit 3 reviews colors: details: experience medium control in this mid-thigh briefer firms tummy, hips, thighs and rear enjoy a natural shape thanks to non-compression bust no visible panty lines thanks to laser-cut technology adjustable stretch straps featured review: on may 24, 2015 love it! these spanx are incredibly comfortable while still giving shape. the top does not smash you in, but it holds the spanx up much better than the high waisted ones. click to order this style​​ × bali 8l10 lace 'n smooth firm control bodysuit $54.00 more hidden button bali: lace 'n smooth firm control bodysuit 29 reviews colors: details: achieve all-over slimming in this lace bodysuit comfortable stretch lace offers 360° of control mirror your shape in double-layer underwire cups wear your favorite tops with this low-back bodysuit fully adjustable, non-stretch straps featured review: on december 6, 2015 my all time favorite i purchased this item in white. it fits like a glove. it is very beautiful and super feminine, extremely comfortable and i am now back for two more in different colors. i also like this site very much as it is user friendly, fast shipper and it carries all sorts of sexy stuff for us, ladies. the one thing i so much wish this bra had, is a thin padding in the bra cups. i am a nurse and and when its a bit chilly, people tell me that "my head lights are on." click to order this style​​ × tc fine intimates 4042 even more® firm control camisole $68.00 more hidden button tc fine intimates: even more® firm control camisole 17 reviews colors: details: sleek, seamless firm control shaping camisole smooth & shape your tummy, waist and back support the breasts with the molded wire-free shelf-bra prevent ride-up with the wonderful edge® silicone hem cushioned front straps are non-adjustable featured review: on december 11, 2015 the. best i discovered these camisoles a few years ago and love them. they contain my large bust, and control the tummy, soothe my shoulders with padded wide straps, whilst supporting my back. this product has gotten better over the years ( one-of to be sure)..order one size down if you want real firm control. click to order this style​​ × lyssé 1219 medium control tight ankle leggings $60.00 more hidden button lyssé: medium control tight ankle leggings 30 reviews colors: +2 more details: feel confident in these medium control leggings smoothes tummy thanks to targeted spandex panel 27.5'' inseam; measurement taken from size m ultra-comfy, stretch cotton featured review: on october 12, 2014 must have . these are my favorite leggings. i love my aubergine color. i ordered the black too. i will look and see if there are more colors. they are a true fit. so comfortable and slimming, no bulges. the wide waist band is the best feature. click to order this style​​ × spanx 1060 slimmer & shine extra firm control open-bust bodysuit $82.00 more hidden button spanx: slimmer & shine extra firm control open-bust bodysuit 9 reviews colors: details: this open-bust bodysuit delivers extra-firm control targeted compressiong slims below the bust to hips benefit from added lift due to engineered bust design minimize bulge with smoothing wings and back achieve a lifted rear silhouette due to unique design featured review: on december 8, 2015 great product, excellent features, comfortable to wear. comfortable, even when worn for many hours; easy to put on; relatively high back smooths back excess nicely. hook and eye crotch very useful. provides an overall sleek, finished look. click to order this style​​ × spanx ss5715 shape my day firm control high-waist thigh shaper $68.00 more hidden button spanx: shape my day firm control high-waist thigh shaper 2 reviews colors: details: experience firm control in this high-waist thigh shaper smoothes tummy, hips, thighs and rear feel confident under clothes thanks to laser-cut edges polymer strip on waistband holds garment in place convenient open cotton gusset featured review: on june 27, 2015 another winner!! perfection under skirts and dresses - no thighs rubbing and the legs don't roll up! it's high waist, so no muffin top - just sleek and confident. i always come back for more. love, love it!! click to order this style​​ × spanx 409 higher power® medium control power panties $38.00 more hidden button spanx: higher power® medium control power panties 6 reviews colors: details: experience medium control in this high-waist shaper all-around shaping power for torso, tummy & thighs legband-free for a smooth look and no vpl cotton double-gusset for your convenience 4-way stretch microfiber featured review: on august 28, 2015 the best shapewear - and i've tried many i've tried multiple different brands and although the bali and assets ones are ok, these particular spanx medium control ones are the best by far. i hate regular spanx as i've found they're super constrictive and uncomortable. but this medium control are less contrictive and provide amazing shape! and - a surprise but something that i thought was brilliant - there's an opening so that you don't have to pull them all the way off when going to the bathroom. they're not crotchless, it's that you can pull them open if need. seriously, the biggest pain of wearing these sometimes is that depending on the dress, particularly if wearing a belt with it, i've had to almost strip to go to the bathroom with the high waisted shapewear. i've found i now wear only these and bought 5 more pairs - all highwaisted but some shorter legs. i'm 5'4" and 130 lbs and the medium or b fit perfectly click to order this style​​ × spanx ss1715 oncore firm control bodysuit $98.00 more hidden button spanx: oncore firm control bodysuit colors: details: sculpt & slim your silhouette with this powerful shaper completely seamless and smooth for a streamlined look targeted shaping zones shape all the right areas shapes tummy, hips, thighs and gives your rear a lift keep your natural shape with molded, unlined cups click to order this style​​ × spanx 2746 power series medium control higher power panty $38.00 more hidden button spanx: power series medium control higher power panty colors: details: smoother results with less squeeze in this shaper targets the stomach and provides 360 degrees of support eliminates muffin top with a medium control high-waist defines your rear with the ruching detail no-slip strip at waistband for a stay-put fit click to order this style​​ × spanx 1069 trust your thinstincts medium control tank $58.00 more hidden button spanx: trust your thinstincts medium control tank 15 reviews colors: details: experience medium control in this shaping tank top offers a smooth look thanks to targeted tummy panel enjoy a natural shape thanks to non-compression bust bonded arm holes and hem for a sleek transition to skin wide band on bottom anchors shirt in place featured review: on december 2, 2015 great look just what i needed...love the weight of fabric! click to order this style​​ × spanx ss0215 shape my day firm control open-bust full slip $84.00 more hidden button spanx: shape my day firm control open-bust full slip colors: details: experience firm control in this open-bust full slip firms tummy, hips, thighs and rear targeted zone compression thanks to seamless yarns non-irritating bonded neckline and arm openings releases just below the hips and moves with you click to order this style​​ × bali 8l14 lace ’n smooth firm control brief $22.00 more hidden button bali: lace ’n smooth firm control brief 9 reviews colors: details: a functional and pretty lace brief that does it all this comfy, yet firm control brief, shapes & smoothes smooth lace pattern won't show under clothes no more riding up with this full rear coverage design 8' modest rise; measurement taken from size m featured review: on september 23, 2015 really nice! i wish they were a little more high cut on the leg. that's the only thing that is not perfect about these comfy and very pretty panties! click to order this style​​ × lyssé 1519 medium control ponte knit leggings $74.00 more hidden button lyssé: medium control ponte knit leggings 6 reviews colors: details: stylish shaping leggings with stitched seam down front perfect for travel & office; ponte is a thicker knit flatten the tummy with the medium control wide waist shapes and smoothes from hips to ankles ankle length - approx. 26'' inseam featured review: on december 23, 2015 best tummy control legging anywhere i've tried on numerous control top leggings, but these are by far the best. they hold in without cutting off. the material is comfortable and cozy and a flattering fit - just as described. the seam down the middle adds a stylish touch to these pant-like leggings. i ordered my second pair one year after the first without any discrepancies in the fit. totally worth the price. i always receive compliments. click to order this style​​ × bali x204 everyday smoothing firm control brief 2-pack $36.00 value multi-pack! more hidden button bali: everyday smoothing firm control brief 2-pack 17 reviews colors: details: the everyday smoothing panty that you just need to have comfortable, firm control shaping full brief, 2-pack 6'' rise; measurement taken from size s completely seam-free, smooth microfiber featured review: on december 5, 2015 best shapewear panties i've found lightweight and silky, easy to pull over hips and tummy. firm, slimming, yet feels like you're not wearing panties at all! click to order this style​​ × tc fine intimates 4221 firm control sheer shaping bodysuit $78.00 more hidden button tc fine intimates: firm control sheer shaping bodysuit colors: details: this firm control convertible bodysuit is a must-have targeted control comfortably slims tummy and waist seamless underwire cups with built-in push-up pads wonderful edge® silicone-lined legbands prevent ride-up adjustable stretch straps convert to criss-cross click to order this style​​ × va bien 1500 firm control plunge bodysuit $80.00 more hidden button va bien: firm control plunge bodysuit 2 reviews colors: details: your go-to shaping bodysuit for plunging necklines european cup sizes. see size chart for u.s. conversion. firm tummy control thanks to the built-in boning patented ultra-lift underwire cups shape & support customize the fit with fully adjustable stretch straps featured review: on july 9, 2015 just what i needed i've been searching for this body shaper and when i found it i immediately ordered it. i wish i had got one in beige also. the only draw back it's not tight enough in the chest area click to order this style​​ × spanx 005b tight-end tights shaping reversible opaque $34.00 more hidden button spanx: tight-end tights shaping reversible opaque 8 reviews colors: details: you'll love these reversible tights with light control shapes & firms tummy, hips, thighs and rear offers a smooth look thanks to non-binding waistband wear without underwear thanks to cotton gusset reinforced toe & coolmax® wicks sweat away from feet featured review: on november 17, 2013 nice fit and feel like the idea of two colors in one. the fit is comfortable and they do not need to be constantly pulled up. the look is smooth and they feel as nice as they look. click to order this style​​ × miraclesuit 2773 sexy sheer extra firm support camisole $64.00 more hidden button miraclesuit: sexy sheer extra firm support camisole colors: details: feel confident in this comfy wire-free shaping camisole sheer double panels help shape tummy, midriff, and back supportive double-layer molded mesh cups new built-in shelf slings supports like an underwire stay-put wonderful edge® silicone lining on hem click to order this style​​ × spanx 309 slimplicity firm control open-bust camisole $58.00 more hidden button spanx: slimplicity firm control open-bust camisole 18 reviews colors: details: experience firm control in this open-bust camisole single layer compression slims torso and tummy unique design stays hidden under plunging necklines no visible panty lines thanks to laser-cut technology wear your own bra - bra shown sold separately featured review: on october 26, 2012 great product make sure you order by shirt size. this product really shapes. this is my 2nd purchase of the same products, just needed smaller size over time. will continue to buy. really worth the price. click to order this style​​ × spanx 1070an look-at-me firm control high-waist cotton leggings $72.00 more hidden button spanx: look-at-me firm control high-waist cotton leggings color: details: feel the benefit of these high-waist control leggings firm control; features spanx undie-tecable shaping tummy-targeted slimming flattens the torso and belly all-over smoothing shapes legs, hips, thighs and rear approx. 25'' inseam click to order this style​​ × spanx 163 power mama® medium control power panties $32.00 more hidden button spanx: power mama® medium control power panties 5 reviews colors: details: medium control mid-thigh maternity shaper comfortable under belly and lower back support smoothes hips, thighs and rear no leg band for a smooth look on thighs stretch microfiber featured review: on june 13, 2014 this product smoothes and supports i am pregnant for the second time and couldn't live without my spanx power mama!! click to order this style​​ × va bien 1191 firm control bodysuit $60.00 more hidden button va bien: firm control bodysuit 9 reviews colors: details: flatten your midsection in this firm control bodysuit mirror your natural shape with unlined, molded cups added lift with foam-lined slings in underwire cups gently cushion the shoulders with the comfort straps hook and eye, cotton gusset for convenience featured review: on november 18, 2015 get a bra extender this shaper is the best i've found since i have regained my weight loss (i did use bali full bodyshapewear prior). i am disabled and also have difficulty reaching for the hooks. it took me a long time to figure out that attaching a bra extender to the garment would give me the extra length i needed to reach the hooks! it works great. i highly recommend this shaper due to the size choices, the true firmness for shaping, and quality. click to order this style​​ × maidenform 1456 embellished firm control bodysuit $64.00 more hidden button maidenform: embellished firm control bodysuit 1 review colors: details: comfortable, firm control bodybriefer with lace insets supportive, full cup 3-part unlined underwire cups soft stretch lace cups allows for a custom fit feel extra tummy control thanks to soft double-layer fabric smooth, fully adjustable stretch straps featured review: on november 19, 2015 works for me ! this shaper works for my needs. wish it was a bit firmer. click to order this style​​ × bodywrap 44000 firm control wire-free bodysuit $74.00 more hidden button bodywrap: firm control wire-free bodysuit 13 reviews colors: details: achieve a sexy silhouette in this firm control bodysuit shapes and slims waist, thighs and hips and lifts rear mirror your natural shape in unlined wire-free cups adjustable stretch straps won't slip no closure - step into it like a bathing suit! featured review: on january 3, 2015 love it! just got this and love the way it looks and feels; i like it better than the underwire because there are no lines--even in tight dresses. i was debating between a m and l (the metrics are a bit confusing), but went with the large because someone smaller than i said the m was too tight around the waist. the l fits me well. if i can lose some weight, i will invest in a m--or 2! click to order this style​​ × assets red hot label by spanx 1842 firm control high-waist mid-thigh shaper $28.00 more hidden button assets red hot label by spanx : firm control high-waist mid-thigh shaper 2 reviews colors: details: slim down in this high-waist mid-thigh shaper slims waist, hips and thighs and firms rear banishes muffin top thanks to targeted waistline designed to fit like second skin - no vpl no bulging on thighs due to legband-free design featured review: on october 25, 2015 i just placed another order for 1 more nude and 2 black!! i am 5'1" tall and weigh 198. i bought the size 4 and it gives me all the support that i need for a sleek fit for pants or a dress. the top comes up just under your bust and doesn't roll down. the legs don't cut off your circulation either. i wear panty hose when i wear a dress or a skirt so i put the panty hose on first with no underwear, than put on the spanx. it really gives you a very tight fit without feeling like you have spillage or have difficulty breathing. than at night just rinse with woolite and air dry click to order this style​​ × spanx ss1915 oncore firm control high-waist thigh shaper $72.00 more hidden button spanx: oncore firm control high-waist thigh shaper 1 review colors: details: more power and less bulk in this comfy firm shaper comfortably slims waist, hips and thighs flat-out flattening thanks to a bonded tummy panel squeeze-free slimming sides for ease of movement no visible panty lines due to laser-cut technology featured review: on november 10, 2015 spanx on core firm high waist thigh shper fits and feels wonderful. love the open crotch lol!! click to order this style​​ × yummie by heather thomson yt5-018 stephanie cooling medium control tank $34.00 buy 2 for $58! more hidden button yummie by heather thomson: stephanie cooling medium control tank 22 reviews colors: details: slim tummy & waist in this medium control shaping tank reversible seamless tank can be worn as scoop or v-neck body temperature is regulated with outlast® fabric approx. 22" from top of shoulders stretch, innovative cooling microfiber featured review: on september 1, 2015 exactly what i wanted. having recently lost 100 lbs., i needed some new foundation wear that would help control my buldges until i reach my goal weight. it is medium control, super comfortable, and breathes well so i don't end up in a puddle of sweat by the end of the day. it smoothes and controls exactly the way i wanted it to. click to order this style​​ × yummie by heather thomson ya2-001 hannah cotton wow slimming yoga leggings $78.00 extra 25% off with sports bra more hidden button yummie by heather thomson: hannah cotton wow slimming yoga leggings 6 reviews color: details: medium control shaping leggings for the on-the-go woman slims and smoothes tummy, hips and legs prevent muscle fatigue with 360° of shaping power prevent chaffing with smooth, flat lock seams approx. 27.5" inseam featured review: on march 23, 2015 awesome!! these leggings are great quality! no see through, excellent support, no muffin-top and it feels like butter against your skin. you may want to go up a size if you're a curvy girl. highly recommended. click to order this style​​ × hue 12925 medium control leggings $39.00 more hidden button hue: medium control leggings 1 review color: details: feel confident in these medium control shaping leggings wide comfortable waistband with tummy control panel retains shape in the knees for a fitted look 27'' inseam; measurement taken from size s soft, stretch cotton featured review: on may 1, 2013 nice & slimming i find these leggings to be true to size and very slimming. they are not sheer. the cost is too high because they only last 1 season. click to order this style​​ × spanx 1071 haute contour shaping tights $30.99-$42.00 more hidden button spanx: haute contour shaping tights 4 reviews colors: details: you'll love the sumptuous yarns of these shaping tights light control waistband comfortably smoothes tummy 50 denier, opaque stretch nylon featured review: on march 18, 2015 amazing! this is my new go-to brand! i wear tights every day in the winter and these are a total game-changer for me! great stretch -- the fibers are very resilient and i don't feel like i am going to rip or put a hole in the fabric. the waistband construction is the best i've ever encountered: the very wide, soft waistband does not cut or dig in, but also does an impeccable job keeping the tights in place. unlike every other pair of tights i've ever owned, with this pair i do not need to adjust or pull them back up throughout the day. click to order this style​​ × knock out! ko-1500 contour shaping thong $34.00 more hidden button knock out!: contour shaping thong 5 reviews colors: details: knock out odors and moisture with this amazing thong seamless, cotton-lined waistband offers light control odors are done for with this innovative built-in liner impressive quick-dry technology keeps you dry and fresh panty has 7" rise and a breathable, thin cotton panel featured review: on october 27, 2014 my fav!!! this is definitely a must have in every woman's wardrobe! it is not the body of armor it appears to be! this thong is absolutely fabulous because it helps smooth out the pooch after pregnancy and for those that are not moms, the lace has a high enough rise to cover those love handles!! provides a lean and naturally slim waist line under a form fitting dress, slacks, you name it! love, love, love it :) click to order this style​​ × spanx 1909 skinny britches firm control open-bust bodysuit $88.00 more hidden button spanx: skinny britches firm control open-bust bodysuit colors: details: this open-bust mid-thigh bodysuit delivers firm control unique cross design targets tummy, hips and thighs stay confident under clothes due to laser-cut leg bands fully adjustable stretch straps convenient open cotton gusset click to order this style​​ × assets red hot label by spanx 1841 firm control high-waist panty $28.00 more hidden button assets red hot label by spanx : firm control high-waist panty 8 reviews colors: details: slim down in this firm control high-waist shaping panty banishes muffin top thanks to targeted waistline smooth look due to targeted tummy panel legband-free means no bulging on the thighs cotton panel featured review: on december 20, 2015 great product! i have 2 & will purchase more. this product is wonderful. it has great control with comfort. i can look great & feel great as long as i have it on. it also keeps me from being hungry. it may sound weird but it does. i love this product. i had a different spanx same style & i love both. they don't offer the other one i have. i've worn it raggedy. click to order this style​​ × bali x710 tummy panel medium control brief 2-pack $34.00 value multi-pack! more hidden button bali: tummy panel medium control brief 2-pack 7 reviews colors: details: feel shaped and smoothed with this full coverage panty smooth out your look with the targeted tummy panel convenient 2-pack so you'll always have one on hand 7.5'' modest rise; measurement taken from size m shimmering stretch microfiber with cotton panel featured review: on september 22, 2015 classic and supportive great control briefs with classic styling. i have a bit of a rolldown hem challenge but all in all i have many of this style. click to order this style​​ × yummie by heather thomson yt5-029 sylvie seamlessly shaped comfort control camisole $34.00 buy 2 for $58! more hidden button yummie by heather thomson: sylvie seamlessly shaped comfort control camisole 4 reviews colors: details: slim your waistline in this medium control camisole body temperature is regulated with outlast® fabric fits up to a g-cup; non-restrictive fabric over bust customize the fit with back adjustable stretch straps approx. 23" from top of shoulders featured review: on may 6, 2015 excellent slimming tanks i love these tanks, i wear one almost daily under everything. they are slimming but not too tight. they are lightweight enough as to not get to hot. click to order this style​​ × maidenform 1644 fat free dressing firm control leggings $35.00 more hidden button maidenform: fat free dressing firm control leggings 15 reviews color: details: 360° of shaping in these firm control capri leggings shapes tummy, hips and rear with slimming mesh liner approx. 20.5'' inseam stretch microfiber with cotton panel formerly known as "flexees by maidenform" featured review: on march 30, 2015 great leggings! i discovered these a few years ago and have been wearing them every week since. they're not worth using as an undergarment, unless you need warmth and use them as long johns. they're not as tight as spanx. i wear them as leggings, under tunic tops and mini dresses that cover the behind. they're not opaque enough at the behind to wear as yoga pants to the gym, but they're perfect as leggings, and the legs look opaque. they're smooth, so tops don't get hung up on them. if you get the right size (tight enough), the tummy band helps control excess tummy, and they smooth out my thighs a little, while being really soft and comfortable. when i was sizes 6 & 8, the medium fit best. i'm wearing a small now that i'm down to a size 4. i've been wearing the same few pairs for three years and they've just got a little pilling on the inner thighs from heavy wear. these and yummie cotton blend leggings are my favorites! click to order this style​​ × spanx 1587 trust your thinstincts medium control camisole $58.00 more hidden button spanx: trust your thinstincts medium control camisole 12 reviews colors: details: experience medium control in this shaping camisole offers a smooth look thanks to targeted tummy panel fits every bust best! non-compression chest coverage bonded arm holes and hem for a sleek transition to skin fully adjustable stretch straps featured review: on november 17, 2015 the absolute best this is my favorite go-to shapewear cami. i am just over 6' tall and find the length to be perfect. this is a very lightweight garment that i find perfect for travel as it takes up almost no space and washes/dries extremely well on the road. i also like the soft feel of this -- a true delight to wear even in warmer climates. straps stay in place and are comfortable. recommended for all. click to order this style​​ × squeem 26pw perfect waist firm control cincher $59.90 more hidden button squeem: perfect waist firm control cincher 4 reviews colors: details: firm control, flexible boned shaping waist cincher designed to alleviate back pain and correct posture shapes waistline and lifts breasts 2 column, 14 row hook and eye front closure wear your own bra - bra/panty shown sold separately featured review: on december 8, 2015 wow!! i have been looking for a firm control belt that doesn't make your belly pooch out ( especially now that i just had a baby) and had given up. my sister-in-law told me about squeem and swore by it. i took a chance and ordered it online, and i'm very happy with it . the material is so much better then others that i have purchased. it is a slightly longer than i would like, but still so much better than anything i have owned before and has two rows of books so you can go smaller once you lose weight. i am 5'5 at 145 lbs size medium was good for me. click to order this style​​ × assets red hot label by spanx 1838 medium control high-waist tights $24.00 more hidden button assets red hot label by spanx : medium control high-waist tights 10 reviews color: details: achieve a hour-glass figure in high-waist tights strong yarns firm your waist, hips, thighs and rear medium control tummy panel keeps you tucked in long-lasting yarns stay opaque wear after wear opaque stretch nylon featured review: on december 10, 2015 stays put stays in place and doesn't roll, you can't ask for more than that. click to order this style​​ × spanx 1064an look-at-me firm control cotton leggings $68.00 more hidden button spanx: look-at-me firm control cotton leggings color: details: these seamless leggings feature undie-tectable shaping offers a smooth look thanks to targeted tummy panel all-over smoothing shapes legs, hips, thighs and rear approx. 25'' inseam luxe stretch cotton blend click to order this style​​ × maidenform 2656 instant slimmer® extra firm control open-bust bodysuit $57.00 more hidden button maidenform: instant slimmer® extra firm control open-bust bodysuit 8 reviews colors: details: wear your own bra firm control shaping bodysuit shapes and slims below the bust to hips targeted, two-ply tummy panel for extra control comfortably smoothes out back bulge hook and eye cotton gusset featured review: on november 18, 2014 perfect shapewear i'm 5'4, approximately 140lbs, 36b wears size 6-8 and i got this in m and it fits perfectly. tight at first but very comfortable. my waist is defined better when i wear it and it smooths out the undesirable bulges. i just wish they made one where the back is not as high because if i wear a dress that has a lower back like where your bra strap is, this bodysuit will shows since it sits approximately 5 inches above your bra line. otherwise i love everything about it and plan to buy the nude color as well so i can have a whole set. click to order this style​​ × maidenform 6854 instant slimmer® firm control brief $36.00 more hidden button maidenform: instant slimmer® firm control brief 5 reviews colors: details: appear slimmer in a firm control, full coverage brief flatten the tummy with the double-ply shaping panels floral patterned, stretch microfiber formerly known as "flexees by maidenform" featured review: on february 12, 2014 great features i love the fit. the panties hide all the bumps and bulges on my body. they are comfortable to wear. click to order this style​​ × spanx ss6615 oncore firm control mid-thigh shaper $58.00 more hidden button spanx: oncore firm control mid-thigh shaper colors: details: lightweight & powerful firm control mid-thigh shaper tabletop flat stomach thanks to a bonded tummy panel squeeze-free slimming designed side panels no panty lines thanks to special designed leg openings prevents uni-butt with butt pockets to sculpt your rear click to order this style​​ × bodywrap 44851 firm control high-waist capri $52.00 more hidden button bodywrap: firm control high-waist capri 3 reviews colors: details: slim things down in this firm control high-waist capri flattens tummy, shapes rear, hips and thighs open gusset for convenience seamless stretch microfiber featured review: on june 26, 2014 i like it "butt"... i love the high-waist and prefer the capri length with pants to avoid the bottom of the thigh bulging i have experienced with all shapewear that ends mid-thigh. these are great while they last, however, i have had to repurchase again and again because my butt eventually rips through the sheer fabric in the seat. i wish a more durable material was used in the seat area to avoid this problem. click to order this style​​ × bali x70j tummy panel shaping brief 2-pack $30.00 value multi-pack! more hidden button bali: tummy panel shaping brief 2-pack 16 reviews colors: details: the perfect panty for when you need that extra control smooth out your tummy with the built-in tummy panel convenient 2-pack so you'll always have one on hand 8'' modest rise; measurement taken from size m shimmering stretch microfiber with cotton panel featured review: on december 7, 2015 good panty i like this panty its good to wear all day as it moves with you, but i would recommend wearing with a full slip as can cling to some dresses and as usual girls always hand wash click to order this style​​ × bodywrap 44841 firm control high-waist thong $38.00 more hidden button bodywrap: firm control high-waist thong 9 reviews colors: details: achieve that polished, sharp look under your clothes wide, comfortable high waist provides firm control targeted control zones exactly where you need it smoothes entire tummy and waist for a seamless look seamless, stretch silky microfiber featured review: on december 6, 2015 fabulous! this was by far the best purchase i ever made for a shaper. it's very comfortable and you can hardly feel you have it on.. click to order this style​​ × lyssé 1202 medium control side slit leggings $68.00 more hidden button lyssé: medium control side slit leggings 8 reviews colors: +2 more details: achieve an hour-glass figure in medium control leggings flattens tummy thanks to targeted spandex panel shapes and smoothes hips 25.5'' inseam; measurement taken from size s ultra-comfy, stretch cotton featured review: on november 11, 2015 definitely recommend! i'm 5'4" around 140 pounds, the small fit perfectly. accentuates curves in all the right places. i wear with heels and a pretty shirt or sweater and look polished and classy. click to order this style​​ × maidenform 1056 comfort devotion firm control convertible bodysuit $64.00 more hidden button maidenform: comfort devotion firm control convertible bodysuit 4 reviews colors: details: no more panty lines with this invisible edge bodysuit smooth laser-cut front legband for superior comfort smooth, seamless foam-lined underwire demi cups targeted, firm control, double-lined tummy panel fully adjustable stretch straps convert to criss-cross featured review: on august 30, 2014 not entirely seamless but a nice fit there are seams across the stomach area, for extra control, and they're a bit thick, which means they may show through a tight garment. i don't wear things that tight, which is why i'm keeping it. bra padding a bit denser than i would prefer. overall, creates a nice smooth line. click to order this style​​ × spanx 2325 slimmer & shine firm control open-bust bodysuit $98.00 more hidden button spanx: slimmer & shine firm control open-bust bodysuit colors: details: experience firm control in this mid-thigh body briefer firms tummy, hips, thighs, and rear targeted zoned compression thanks to seamless yarns innovative satin design lifts the bust and slims sides rear stays perky with innovative butt pockets click to order this style​​ × lyssé 6174a medium control denim skinny leggings $78.00 more hidden button lyssé: medium control denim skinny leggings 1 review colors: details: look and feel great in these medium control leggings shapes and smoothes tummy, hips, thighs and legs offers a smooth look thanks to targeted tummy panel stylish faux back pockets and split detail at hem approx. 27.5'' inseam featured review: on march 30, 2015 the best denim leggings i've had lysse 'denim' leggings for several years, and came back to replace my old ones...these are redesigned a bit, and i think they're even better than the previous style i loved. the fabric is sturdier, so they look & feel more like stretch denim, and the tummy panel still delivers a smooth fit under tunics. the little split at the outside of the ankle is really flattering, too. finally, these are a much darker denim color than the previous dark denim color from a couple years ago. i'm a size 4 and the small fit perfectly. i used to wear a medium when i was size 6 & 8. left off one star, as i'd love to have a little tighter control through the thighs of the leggings. click to order this style​​ × berkshire 5051 firm all the way bottom's up shaping pantyhose $14.00 buy 2 for $25! more hidden button berkshire: firm all the way bottom's up shaping pantyhose 7 reviews colors: details: shape your rear in these bottom-enhancing pantyhose firms and shapes your bottom and flattens tummy lifts and tones from toes up with graduated compression performs like a concealer for your legs pair with open-toe shoes thanks to sheer toe featured review: on july 9, 2014 these are super comfortable i have had numerous surgeries on my midsection and these are the first pantyhose that does not hurt the scars and does not roll down to make a huge muffin top! also very comfortable in the legs all day long. click to order this style​​ × bali 8l12 lace 'n smooth firm control camisole $40.00 more hidden button bali: lace 'n smooth firm control camisole 11 reviews colors: details: fall in love with this firm control shaping camisole stretch lace offers 360° of comfortable control smoothes tummy, waist, and hips without pinching beautiful darted lace cups with ruched center gore back adjustable stretch straps featured review: on november 20, 2015 excellent very comfortable and slimming click to order this style​​ × bodywrap 55001 firm control bodysuit plus size $82.00 more hidden button bodywrap: firm control bodysuit plus size colors: details: look sleek under clothes in this firm control bodysuit shapes and smoothes tummy and waist while lifting rear mirror your natural shape in unlined underwire cups customize the fit with adjustable stretch straps hook and eye gusset for bathroom accessibility click to order this style​​ × assets red hot label by spanx fs3415 top form firm control camisole $42.00 more hidden button assets red hot label by spanx : top form firm control camisole colors: details: achieve all-over slimming in this firm control camisole provides firm control to tummy, waist and hips stretch straps partially convert to criss-cross 23'' long from shoulders; measured froms size s ultra-soft stretch microfiber feels amazing on skin click to order this style​​ × miraclesuit 2615 extra firm control waist cincher $41.00 more hidden button miraclesuit: extra firm control waist cincher 9 reviews colors: details: get extra coverage with this elongated waist cincher achieve a waist trained effect with extra firm control trims inches off thanks to smoothing individual panels supportive boning maintains shape hook and eye front closure featured review: on november 3, 2015 love it, is my 2nd one,,, love it, first one was a gift, for my back, so i got me another one, i love it, thanks, my back is happy :d click to order this style​​ × spanx 2330a power medium control shorty $38.00 more hidden button spanx: power medium control shorty 1 review colors: details: seamless & lightweight all-day comfort shaping boyshort flattens the tummy with medium control eliminates muffin top and sits at the natural waist sumptuous stretch microfiber if you liked spanx style 2330 you will love this! featured review: on december 15, 2015 a good product i would have given it a 5 stars if it wasn't for the horizontal line in the middle of the short. it kinda shows under a dress. click to order this style​​ × spanx 2331a higher power medium control shorty $38.00 more hidden button spanx: higher power medium control shorty colors: details: seamless & lightweight comfort high-waist shaper flattens the tummy and slims torso with medium control sumptuous stretch microfiber if you liked spanx style 2331 you will love this! click to order this style​​ × bodywrap 44630 firm control shaping camisole $48.00 more hidden button bodywrap: firm control shaping camisole 5 reviews colors: details: achieve a sexy silhouette in this firm control camisole mirror your natural shape in unlined underwire cups slenderizes the waist and flattens the tummy instantly reduces your dress size customize the fit with adjustable stretch straps featured review: on july 5, 2014 body wrap cammisole great product. fit well and does what i want it to click to order this style​​ × lyssé 1229 medium control boot cut pants $62.00 more hidden button lyssé: medium control boot cut pants 13 reviews colors: details: achieve an hour-glass figure in medium control leggings smooth your tummy with the wide shaping waistband boot-cut design is slightly flared below the knee approx. 31'' inseam ultra-comfy, stretch cotton featured review: on august 6, 2015 instant love. waist is high enough to avoid muffin top. tummy is firm with flat appearance. boot cut is super sexy. thigh cellulite is visible. instant love. waist is high enough to avoid muffin top. tummy is firm with flat appearance. boot cut is super sexy. thigh cellulite is visible. click to order this style​​ × lyssé 1215 medium control capri leggings $58.00 more hidden button lyssé: medium control capri leggings 17 reviews colors: details: feel confident in these medium control capri leggings smooth your tummy with the wide shaping waistband approx. 19'' inseam ultra-comfy, stretch cotton featured review: on september 9, 2015 omg ladies you have to give these a try i never thought in a million years that i would consider ordering and wearing leggings. being a size 14 i thought leggings were for smaller people. i always wear baggier pants to hide my thighs and hips. i ordered an xl and absolutely love them. i might of been able to wear a large but i think they would of been uncomfortable. the reviews convinced me to try them. so glad i did. the control is amazing and keeps everything in place. very comfortable. gave me a spring in my step. pair it with a tunic and you are set. i just ordered the full leggings....that is going to tell the real story. come on ladies, take a chance, you won't be sorry. click to order this style​​ × spanx 550 medium control capri leggings $78.00 extra 25% off with sports bra more hidden button spanx: medium control capri leggings 10 reviews color: details: maximize your workout in these medium control leggings slim-x® shapes tummy, thighs, and rear curved seams and no pockets narrow hips and rear perfect for running and zumba moisture-wicking stretch microfiber featured review: on october 28, 2014 great i was amazed at how well they hold you in while giving you a clean, slim silhouette. also very comfy. wish they also came in ankle length! click to order this style​​ × spanx ss0915 everyday shaping boyshort $22.00 buy 2 for $38! more hidden button spanx: everyday shaping boyshort colors: details: these light control boyshorts offer a great silhouette unique hidden shaping waistband for targeted control no visible panty lines thanks to laser-cut technology modest, 6.5 inch rise and cotton panel soft finish, ultra-fine stretch microfiber click to order this style​​ × maidenform 4266 fat free dressing firm control tank $43.00 more hidden button maidenform: fat free dressing firm control tank 2 reviews colors: details: enjoy overall sleekness with this comfy shaping tank built-in mesh lining shapes from bustline to waist comfortably smoothes tummy, waist, and back approx. 24" from top of shoulders non-restrictive fabric over bust won't flatten you out featured review: on november 28, 2012 love these camis i wear one of these as shapewear almost every day. they are comfortable, and do some slimming so when i am wearing something that is cut close to the body i look better. i also wear them as an outerwear piece, with a cardigan or jacket. another great thing is that they do not flatten out the breasts as a lot of camis do. i have them in both black and white and would be happy t have them in some other colors also. click to order this style​​ × spanx ss1815 oncore firm control high-waist brief $62.00 more hidden button spanx: oncore firm control high-waist brief colors: details: more power and less bulk in this comfortable firm brief no more muffin top due to high-waist silhouette flat-out flattening thanks to a bonded tummy panel squeeze-free slimming sides for ease of movement no visible panty lines due to laser-cut technology click to order this style​​ × maidenform 6868 instant slimmer® firm control waist cincher $43.00 more hidden button maidenform: instant slimmer® firm control waist cincher 8 reviews colors: details: whittle your waist with this firm control waist cincher tummy, waist and upper hips are smoothed and shaped 1 column, 14 row hook and eye back closure excellent support thanks to built-in boning smooth, non-stretch microfiber featured review: on september 18, 2015 i bought 2 i bought one for my daughter and one for myself we both love them click to order this style​​ × yummie by heather thomson ya2-007 milan active cotton shaping leggings $76.00 extra 25% off with sports bra more hidden button yummie by heather thomson: milan active cotton shaping leggings color: details: medium control shaping cotton leggings extended waist for extra tummy control slims tummy, hips and thighs approx. 27.5" inseam perfect for yoga and zumba click to order this style​​ × assets red hot label by spanx fs3315 top form firm control tank $42.00 more hidden button assets red hot label by spanx : top form firm control tank colors: details: slim down instantly with this super control tank top all-over slimming thanks to double-layer fabric flattens tummy and waist but will not flatten bust 23'' long from shoulders; measurement taken from size s ultra-soft stretch microfiber feels amazing on skin click to order this style​​ × tc fine intimates 4240 firm control torsette open-bust slip $76.00 more hidden button tc fine intimates: firm control torsette open-bust slip 1 review colors: details: wear your own bra with this firm control slip slims & shapes tummy, waist, back, hips and thighs no-show control panels with dynamic stretch control™ stays in place with wonderful edge® silicone lining breathable spacer, padded comfort stretch straps featured review: on october 22, 2015 tummy panel i ordered a number of shapewear slips and abdomen smoothers. this was the one i kept for a few reasons. i can wear my own 36dd bra. it has a built in tummy panel. it does an okay job in smoothing the side muffin top area. it is almost comfortable. i ordered a this in large. i am 5'2", 145 lbs, and usually wear a size 12p. i have not yet worn this so the jury is still out. click to order this style​​ × spanx ps5615 shape my day firm control open-bust bodysuit plus size $88.00 more hidden button spanx: shape my day firm control open-bust bodysuit plus size color: details: experience firm control in this open-bust bodysuit firms tummy, hips, thighs and rear targeted zoned compression thanks to seamless yarns back adjustable stretch straps rear stays perky with innovative butt pockets click to order this style​​ × spanx 1907 boostie-yay extra firm control camisole $98.00 more hidden button spanx: boostie-yay extra firm control camisole colors: details: experience extra-firm control in this strapless cami targeted tummy control thanks to all-over power mesh feel support with side boning and underwire foam cups removable, fully adjustable stretch straps straps convert to criss-cross, halter and strapless click to order this style​​ × lyssé 1410 medium control ponte wide leg pants $78.00 more hidden button lyssé: medium control ponte wide leg pants 3 reviews colors: details: stylish wide leg ponte pants provide medium control perfect for travel & office; ponte is a thicker knit flatten the tummy with the targeted, wide waistband shapes and smoothes hips and thighs stitched center seams on front and back featured review: on november 30, 2015 go to pants lysse wide leg pants have become my go to pant for everything. no binding, smooth front, substantial material. i use them for exercise and for everyday. i, too, wish there were more colors. i'm not such a navy fan, but it's the next logical color to add; also, not a tan, but a kind of rosy chocolate would be lovely. click to order this style​​ × yummie by heather thomson yt5-104 lena seamlessly shaped firm control tank top $34.00 buy 2 for $58! more hidden button yummie by heather thomson: lena seamlessly shaped firm control tank top 1 review colors: details: yummie's highest compression seamless tank firm control, hidden tummy panel slims entire waistline non-restrictive fabric over bust for a comfortable fit non-adjustable stretch straps approx. 24" from top of shoulders featured review: on august 28, 2015 incognito i like this top a lot because it doesn't look like i am wearing a body shaper product. look like a regular tank with a slight sheen. it holds in that last 10 or 15 pounds i need to lose. i can also wear it underneath without overheating. click to order this style​​ × spanx 1908 boostie-yay extra firm control bodysuit $118.00 more hidden button spanx: boostie-yay extra firm control bodysuit colors: details: enjoy extra-firm control with this shaping bodysuit targeted tummy control thanks to all-over power mesh built-in foam-lined underwire cups with side boning full coverage rear prevents uni-butt with center seam matching, fully adjustable stretch straps included click to order this style​​ × chantelle 2037 hedona minimizer shaping bodysuit $110.00 more hidden button chantelle: hedona minimizer shaping bodysuit colors: details: your favorite minimizer bra transformed into a bodysuit european cup sizes. see size chart for u.s. conversion. firm control targets torso thanks to inner powernet minimizes bustline up to 1'' in unlined underwire cups end strap slipping with adjustable, close-set straps click to order this style​​ × yummie by heather thomson yt5-099 ruby seamlessly shaped thong bodysuit $34.00 buy 2 for $58! more hidden button yummie by heather thomson: ruby seamlessly shaped thong bodysuit 1 review colors: details: light control thong bodysuit smoothes and shapes non-restrictive fabric over bust will not flatten you added compression at middle for extra shaping snap gusset closure provides ease and comfort non-adjustable stretch straps featured review: on september 12, 2015 can't live without these! i love these bodysuits so much that i purchased multiple pairs! i wear them with everything! please, heather, don't quit making them! perfect under sheer tops, paired with maxiskirts, or under blazers. they don't add bulk, are cool, and stay in place. click to order this style​​ × maidenform 1256 easy-up easy-down firm control bodysuit $64.00 more hidden button maidenform: easy-up easy-down firm control bodysuit 3 reviews colors: details: tone it down in this firm control, strapless bodysuit power mesh throughout with built in rear shaping panel seamless, foam-lined underwire full cups low back design with hook and eye back closure supportive back wings with reinforced side boning featured review: on june 15, 2013 unexpected matter i bought this model specially for the low back but i just received it yesterday and i found it has these two sides hanging in the suit. i have no idea what to do with. i mean literally i know it support the bra but it is back low any more as if i hooked these 2 side it's place exactly in the center of my back.. what makes me wonder that its not mentioned at all on the web or even in the reviews. click to order this style​​ × maidenform 2018 comfort devotion firm control tank $45.00 more hidden button maidenform: comfort devotion firm control tank 4 reviews colors: details: this everyday shaping tank makes the perfect base layer smoothes and shapes thanks to firm control fabrication non-restrictive fabric over bust won't flatten you out fused edges and non-adjustable stretch straps back view: high neckline with full coverage featured review: on april 8, 2015 perfect this tank is a little snug at the ouset but it covers perfectly for what i wanted it for. i bought this to wear under my wrap dresses to give some coverage in the cleavage area. it does exactly that! it sits nicely under my dress which is thin and doesn't ride up or show any lines under the dress! click to order this style​​ × assets red hot label by spanx fs4015 flat out flawless extra firm control high waist shaper $48.00 more hidden button assets red hot label by spanx : flat out flawless extra firm control high waist shaper colors: details: experience extra firm control in this high-waist shaper seamless shaping tames torso, tummy, hips and thighs invisible under clothes thanks to lay-flat technology silicone-lined waistband is designed to stay in place rear pocket release for a smush-free seat click to order this style​​ × bodywrap 44821 firm control high-waist mid-thigh shaper $46.00 more hidden button bodywrap: firm control high-waist mid-thigh shaper 4 reviews colors: details: achieve a sexy silhouette in this firm control shaper flattens tummy and smoothes the rear instantly reduces your dress size comfortable covered elastic waistband convenient open gusset featured review: on december 16, 2015 soooo much better than spanx!! i love the products by bodywrap! they are well worth the money! i have purchased spanx for the past five years and their product has declined terribly. one wear and you have to throw them away. i have purchased several of these and the capri length shapper and i love them all! they wear and wash up very nicely! the size they recommend fits me perfectly and i am a curvy girl. try this product out, you will not be disappointed! click to order this style​​ × tc fine intimates 4241 firm control open-bust torsette thigh slimmer $76.00 more hidden button tc fine intimates: firm control open-bust torsette thigh slimmer 2 reviews colors: details: wear your own bra with this firm control bodysuit shapes your entire torso and slims your upper thighs no-show control panels with dynamic stretch control™ stays in place with wonderful edge® silicone lining breathable spacer, padded comfort stretch straps featured review: on october 10, 2015 smooth this product smooths the lumps and bumps and firms up the belly and thigh area. the straps sit wider on the shoulder and i had to pin my bra straps to the slimmer body suit straps to get the look i needed for a dress. i'm still happy with the purchase for slimming and smoothing. click to order this style​​ × olga 23344 without a stitch® light shaping brief $14.00 buy 2 for $25! more hidden button olga: without a stitch® light shaping brief 2 reviews colors: +3 more details: experience light control in this comfy smoothing brief 9'' modest rise; measurement taken from size 6 lightweight stretch microfiber with cotton panel featured review: on september 4, 2015 great control strong tummy support and good fitting brief. fits well under my skirt or slacks. click to order this style​​ × spanx sp0615 undie-tectable lace thong $24.00 more hidden button spanx: undie-tectable lace thong 1 review colors: details: this light control thong eliminates visible panty lines enjoy the smoothing benefit of the comfort waistband no-show lace offers next-to-nothing feel modest, 6.5 inch rise and cotton panel luxurious stretch microfiber and lace featured review: on july 29, 2015 perfect with my wedding dress! i was skeptical about these bottoms verses the control shorts but i am so happy i chose these! they smoothed out my back area and kept my stomach flat in my mermaid wedding dress. they are extremely comfortable and i absolutely loved them! click to order this style​​ × yummie by heather thomson yt5-101 sam seamlessly shaped everyday shaping boyshort $18.00 buy 2 for $30! more hidden button yummie by heather thomson: sam seamlessly shaped everyday shaping boyshort colors: details: minimize panty lines in this light control boyshort control the tummy with the double lined waistband inspirational messages on the waistband 7" modest rise; measurement taken from size m/l seamless, stretch microfiber click to order this style​​ × squeem 26mv miracle vest firm control open-bust shaper $79.90 more hidden button squeem: miracle vest firm control open-bust shaper 4 reviews colors: details: firm control, flexible boned open-bust shaping camisole designed to alleviate back pain and correct posture shapes waistline and lifts breasts fully adjustable stretch straps 2 column, 14 row hook and eye front closure featured review: on december 22, 2015 good product i really like this product, although i am petite (5'0") and it is a bit long in the body. the top edge that goes under the bosom actually rides up about an inch or so, and the bottom edge pushes up when i sit, which makes my largish bosom overflow. still, i do like the way it firms up my shape and eliminates bulges. i'd recommend to anyone who is not petite. click to order this style​​ × assets red hot label by spanx 1837 medium control tights $20.00 more hidden button assets red hot label by spanx : medium control tights 4 reviews colors: details: look sleek and slim in these shaping tights strong yarns control your tummy, hips, thighs and rear medium control tummy panel keeps you tucked in long-lasting yarns stay opaque wear after wear pair with open-toe shoes thanks to sandalfoot design featured review: on may 31, 2014 fantastic tights as with all spanx products, you get what you pay for, high quality durable products. while expensive, these tights are clearly worth the price for comfort and durability. click to order this style​​ × yummie by heather thomson yt5-004 nina seamlessly shaped everyday shaping shortie $18.00 buy 2 for $30! more hidden button yummie by heather thomson: nina seamlessly shaped everyday shaping shortie 31 reviews colors: details: minimize panty lines in light control boyshorts control the tummy with the double lined waistband inspirational messages on the waistband seamlees, stretch microfiber featured review: on may 8, 2014 excellant material great fit. stays put. moves with me through out the day. also great for jogging. does not keep moisture next to my body. great day time control of tummy and thighs. almost forget i am wearing it because it feels so good. click to order this style​​ × spanx 1054 trust your thinstincts medium control mid-thigh shaper $58.00 more hidden button spanx: trust your thinstincts medium control mid-thigh shaper 6 reviews colors: details: experience medium control in this mid-thigh shaper smoothes tummy, hips, thighs, and rear no panty lines thanks to laser-cut technology breathable stretch microfiber and cotton panel featured review: on november 22, 2015 spanx thinstincts did the trick! i've really never worn a control shaper but at 59, i definitely need an intervention if i want to look my best. found the spanx thinstincts medium control to be surprisingly comfortable and gave me a great silhouette, so i didn't have to suck in my stomach all night long. bought in a med which was fine, but think i'll get another in a small as it did give just a bit after 5+ hours of wear. click to order this style​​ × lyssé 9184l medium control twill ponte leggings $78.00 more hidden button lyssé: medium control twill ponte leggings 1 review colors: details: stylish twill leggings with stitched seam down front perfect for travel & office; ponte is a thicker knit flatten the tummy with the medium control wide waist shapes and smoothes from hips to ankles ankle length - approx. 26'' inseam featured review: on october 1, 2015 the pants are nice. it did take a long, long, time to get tho. i think the pants are fine. a little bulky at the waistband, which tends to show thru shirts with that "band mark". i don't like that part, but the pants are comfortable and well made. it took a long, long, time to finally get them. click to order this style​​ × spanx 2123 trust your thinstincts medium control high-waist thigh shaper $72.00 more hidden button spanx: trust your thinstincts medium control high-waist thigh shaper colors: details: experience medium control in this high-waist shaper smoothes tummy, hips, thighs and rear stay confident under clothes due to laser-cut edges cotton panel cool and breathable stretch microfiber click to order this style​​ × maidenform 12586 control it® seamless shaping brief 2-pack $28.00 value multi-pack! more hidden button maidenform: control it® seamless shaping brief 2-pack 9 reviews colors: details: enjoy, light control shaping with this hi-cut brief comfortably helps to smooth out tummy and rear full coverage rear - center seam adds definition 8" modest rise and cotton blend gusset save on this convenient 2-pack deal featured review: on november 18, 2015 not a bad pair of underwear these seem to be well made and do add some shaping with minimal panty line, etc. and they are actually comfortable. that is my big thing, they are comfortable and do what they are supposed to do. these are underwear to hide your tummy just give you a little shape so pants fit are a bit more comfortable but they will not drop you a pants size or anything like that. click to order this style​​ × wacoal 801165 try a little slenderness bodysuit $85.00 more hidden button wacoal: try a little slenderness bodysuit 9 reviews color: details: smooth from bust to waist in a light control bodysuit natural shape maintained in molded underwire cups rigid front straps, back adjustable stretch straps no closure - step into it like a bathing suit! easy bathroom accessibility - hook and eye crotch featured review: on july 29, 2015 i agree!! bring the original black bodysuit back, please. it's the best! i've been wearing these bodysuits for over 10 years; i've tried other brands when the original soft and comfortable black wacoal became less and less available, but nothing fits as well, makes me look as good and feels as light and comfortable as this one. i wear a lot of black and dark colors-- the original black try a little slenderness is the only underwear i want to wear! please, please bring it back! click to order this style​​ × tc fine intimates 4078 extra firm control waist cincher $59.00 more hidden button tc fine intimates: extra firm control waist cincher colors: details: feel confident in this extra-firm control waist cincher completely and comfortably smoothes midriff boning maintains superior silhouette-shaping support 1 column, 15 row hook and eye front closure slick, smooth stretch microfiber click to order this style​​ × julie france jfl00p ultra-firm control open-bust shaper plus size $50.00 more hidden button julie france: ultra-firm control open-bust shaper plus size 2 reviews colors: details: achieve a sleek silhouette in this open-bust shaper slims and smoothes from under bust through hips eliminates bulges on the back and under arms targeted compression lifts bottom without flattening non-adjustable wide stretch straps featured review: on april 13, 2015 hold tight!! i thought this was going to be too small before putting it on. once i got it over my hips (quite the struggle!) it fit well, got rid of the back rolls, and sucked in the stomach. click to order this style​​ × spanx ss7215 shape my day medium control girl short $50.00 more hidden button spanx: shape my day medium control girl short 3 reviews colors: details: these medium control boyshorts offer a great silhouette flatten your tummy with targeted tummy control no vpl thanks to laser-cut technology modest, 7 inch rise and cotton panel luxe stretch microfiber featured review: on august 18, 2015 great for short, loose dresses i have been looking for years for a product like this. i needed shorter spanx for underneath shorter dresses to prevent my thighs from rubbing together. i had even tried wearing booty shorts, i was so desperate for something shorter, but the legs would continually ride up all day long. well not with this gem. i had no problem whatsoever with the legs riding up. i wore them on a triple digit day, and they felt like a second skin. the only reason i gave it 4 stars was that the tummy control was not enough for me, as i still have a pooch after my third child, despite a ton of hard work. so sadly i couldn't wear a tighter dress with these but it worked like a charm for me with a loose, short dress. now if only these had a firmer tummy control, they would be like finding the holy grail! :) click to order this style​​ × yummie by heather thomson yt3-133 sheer and smooth lorraine tank thong bodysuit $78.00 more hidden button yummie by heather thomson: sheer and smooth lorraine tank thong bodysuit colors: details: achieve a smooth look in this light control bodysuit comfortably targets tummy and waist non-adjustable stretch straps minimal coverage thong back with cotton panel luxe second-skin stretch microfiber click to order this style​​ × miraclesuit 2721 extra firm control torsette waist cincher $56.00 more hidden button miraclesuit: extra firm control torsette waist cincher colors: details: slim down in this extra firm control open-bust torsette reduce bulge, control back fat and prevent muffin top provides back support and stay-up support with boning comfortably flattens tummy, waist, and hips thanks to open-bust design you can wear your favorite bra click to order this style​​ × spanx ps1715 oncore firm control bodysuit plus size $102.00 more hidden button spanx: oncore firm control bodysuit plus size colors: details: more power and less bulk in this firm control bodysuit completely seamless and smooth for a streamlined look shapes tummy, hips, thighs and gives your rear a lift wear with or without a bra due to unlined molded cups fully adjustable stretch straps click to order this style​​ × yummie by heather thomson yt2-179 rachel cotton control everyday shaping leggings $49.50 more hidden button yummie by heather thomson: rachel cotton control everyday shaping leggings color: details: medium control shaping leggings extended waist for extra tummy control slims tummy, hips and thighs approx. 27.5" inseam opaque stretch cotton click to order this style​​ × maidenform 2355 easy-up easy-down firm control thigh slimmer $39.00 more hidden button maidenform: easy-up easy-down firm control thigh slimmer 8 reviews colors: details: shape up with this firm control thigh slimmer no more rolling down waist thanks to wider waistband shapes and smoothes tummy, waist, hips, and thighs slick yarns are designed to resist clinging to clothes silky, stretch microfiber with cotton gusset featured review: on september 25, 2015 smoothing and seemless comfort background/body type: i'm 42'' hip and 29'' waist. i'm a size m to l in pants or about a size 6-8, but it depends on the brand. in jeans i'm a 29w, 32l. i'm slender but thick in the thighs and tush. i have a lot of cellulite on the back of my thighs but nowhere else. review: i needed a slip or a shaper to wear under my wedding dress. my wedding dress was white and somewhate a greecian style. it cinched around my waist and flowed down. however i had a serious problem. my cellulite was very visible through the dress even though the dress wasn't see-through and it had a slip sewn in. that is how serious my cellulite is. i'm not a big person but i have serious cellulite. i'm fine with it and my husband is but i didn't necessarily want my in-laws, family, or wedding guests to see it through my dress. i tried a lot of different slimmers or shapers. this one won hands down. on my wedding day, my underwear stayed in place. i never got a wedgie. i was very comfortable in this. it did a great job smoothing and you could not see this slip under my dress. no one knew i was wearing it except my best friend. it also gave some control for the area below my belly button. which i didn't really need but was actually really nice. i had a last minute wedding so i didn't get to starve myself or workout for a year prior to this event so the extra slimming was really nice. in all of my wedding photos you can't tell i'm wearing it and my cellulite was non-existent. i ate dinner and danced and did all kinds of things in this slimmer and i forgot i was wearing it. it does provide firm control but it isn't like you are walking around a boa constrictor cage of a shaper or something. it also breaths nicely and keeps your panties in place which is a plus. i'm glad i went with this for my wedding and i'll definitely wear this under other dresses in the future. unfortunately there's only so much i can do about cellulite but it's nice that it doesn't have to show through some of my pants and dresses now. i am so happy with that. it was worth every freakin' penny. click to order this style​​ × yummie by heather thomson yt5-042 mina seamlessly shaped cotton everyday shaping briefie $18.00 buy 2 for $30! more hidden button yummie by heather thomson: mina seamlessly shaped cotton everyday shaping briefie 11 reviews colors: details: get everyday shaping in this light control cotton brief shapes & smoothes the tummy with the double-lined waist minimize panty lines thanks to the seamless design inspirational messages on the inner waistband 7" modest rise, measurement taken from size s featured review: on october 12, 2015 the perfect panty for me! i can't believe i finally found the perfect panty for me! before wearing them, i washed them in the washing machine on the gentle cycle in cold water and (no dryer) then hung them in the laundry room to dry. put them on and never thought about them until it was time to go to bed. in my usual life, i live for the moment i get home and can remove my underwear. these are great. they are thick and provide just the right amount of support. yet . . . they are not like wearing a girdle or even a "control" type panty. i was amazed that they did not leave a mark anywhere on my body! still can't believe it. click to order this style​​ × va bien 701 firm control minimizer bodysuit $54.00 more hidden button va bien: firm control minimizer bodysuit 6 reviews colors: details: achieve a smooth look in this firm control bodysuit comfortably reduces breast volume up to 1'' built-in power mesh lining shapes entire waistline minimizing, unlined underwire cups for support customize the fit with fully adjustable straps featured review: on january 23, 2014 very good support!!!!!!! the cups are a touch too large. i am a dd, and they were a little big. however, i did not return, because the support is wonderful !!!!!! click to order this style​​ × julie france jfl24 ultra-firm control shaping thong $34.00 more hidden button julie france: ultra-firm control shaping thong colors: details: get ultra-firm control in this seamless shaping thong wide waist band reduces rolling at waist slims and smoothes the waist, tummy and lower back mid-waist height, ideal for low back outfits moisture-wicking, breathable microfiber click to order this style​​ × msp by miraclesuit 4002 essentials firm control pants $68.00 extra 25% off with sports bra more hidden button msp by miraclesuit: essentials firm control pants colors: details: firm control workout pants shape hips, thighs and rear miraslim™ comfortably flattens your tummy mesh-lined elastic waistband with interior key pocket 30" inseam; measurement taken from a size s perfect for yoga and jogging click to order this style​​ × miraclesuit 2705 extra firm control high-waist brief $38.00 more hidden button miraclesuit: extra firm control high-waist brief 7 reviews colors: details: extra-firm control high-waist brief with cotton panel shapes tummy, midriff and rear triple-layer front panel for extra tummy control wonderful edge leg, stay-put silicone prevents ride-up no visible panty lines featured review: on september 8, 2015 great shapeware love miraclesuit,does exactly what i want. click to order this style​​ × spanx 385 sheer fashion shaping back seam pantyhose $28.00 more hidden button spanx: sheer fashion shaping back seam pantyhose 5 reviews color: details: turn heads in these light control back seam pantyhose shapes & firms tummy, hips, thighs and rear soft, non-binding waistband and cotton gusset invisible reinforced toe for versatile shoe options sheer, stretch nylon featured review: on may 19, 2013 fabulous! the best of spanx and back seam design. highly recommended. click to order this style​​ × bodywrap 44811 firm control high-waist brief $44.00 more hidden button bodywrap: firm control high-waist brief 10 reviews colors: details: slim your waist in this firm control shaping panty flattens tummy and slims waist, lifts and shapes rear 8.5'' high rise; measurement taken from size m seamless stretch microfiber featured review: on october 17, 2014 i'm in love! really, it is so hard to find a high waist brief with firm control that (a) fits me--i'm short and hefty-- and (2) controls major challenging post-weight loss sags and bulges and (3) is comfortable to wear and (4) is easy to pull on. this product is so much better than spanx! and way more reasonable too. try it, you'll like it. click to order this style​​ × yummie by heather thomson yt5-018p stephanie cooling medium control tank plus size $34.00 buy 2 for $58! more hidden button yummie by heather thomson: stephanie cooling medium control tank plus size 22 reviews colors: details: medium control 2-way reversible shaping tank top reversible seamless tank can be worn as scoop or v-neck fabric maintains body temperature for all day comfort slims tummy and waist for a smooth look approx. 23" from top of shoulders featured review: on september 1, 2015 exactly what i wanted. having recently lost 100 lbs., i needed some new foundation wear that would help control my buldges until i reach my goal weight. it is medium control, super comfortable, and breathes well so i don't end up in a puddle of sweat by the end of the day. it smoothes and controls exactly the way i wanted it to. click to order this style​​ × berkshire 5052 firm all the way concealer shaping pantyhose $14.00 buy 2 for $25! more hidden button berkshire: firm all the way concealer shaping pantyhose 5 reviews colors: details: energize your legs with shaping pantyhose lifts and tones from toes up with graduated compression shape your waist with the built-in control top performs like a concealer for your legs pair with open-toe shoes thanks to the sheer toe featured review: on december 4, 2015 i highly recommend excellent... very sheer and soft and fits snugged to my skin click to order this style​​ × bali x037 smoothing cotton brief 2-pack $30.00 value multi-pack! more hidden button bali: smoothing cotton brief 2-pack 1 review colors: details: experience light control in this comfy smoothing brief offers a smooth look thanks to targeted tummy panel 8'' modest rise; measurement taken from size m breathable stretch cotton and cotton panel featured review: on december 20, 2015 so happy these are back! i hadn't been able to find these cotton shapers for a long time, am really happy to find again. they have a slightly different style number and are in more colors now. i buy one size up for comfort. love that they are cotton. just enough control to prevent jiggle and provide a smoother look. thanks, bali and barenecessities! click to order this style​​ × bali x054 medium control brief 2-pack $34.00 value multi-pack! more hidden button bali: medium control brief 2-pack 8 reviews colors: details: feel sleek & smooth in this full coverage shaping panty hidden tummy panel flattens for a smooth look pretty lace inset on hips, keeps it feminine save with this convenient 2-pack 7'' modest rise; measurement taken from size 7 featured review: on september 2, 2015 very pretty panty and is comfortable, also. as a 61-year-young lady, i like to still feel sexy at times. these panties hold in what i can't hold in any longer yet are very feminine. click to order this style​​ × msp by miraclesuit 4003 essentials firm control leggings $65.00 extra 25% off with sports bra more hidden button msp by miraclesuit: essentials firm control leggings colors: details: firm control full length shaping leggings miraslim™ comfortably flattens your tummy shapes and smoothes hips, thighs and rear mesh-lined elastic waistband with interior key pocket 27.5" inseam; measurement taken from a size s click to order this style​​ × wolford 170-56 shape and control luxe 9 control top pantyhose $39.00 more hidden button wolford: shape and control luxe 9 control top pantyhose colors: details: look and feel amazing in these shaping pantyhose shape tummy, hips, thighs and rear with light control smooth elastic waistband, sandal toe and cotton gusset 9 denier, sheer stretch nylon click to order this style​​ × spanx ss0715 everyday shaping brief $22.00 buy 2 for $38! more hidden button spanx: everyday shaping brief colors: details: light control shapewear brief eliminates panty lines unique hidden shaping waistband for targeted control modest, 6.5 inch rise and cotton panel soft finish, stretch microfiber click to order this style​​ × spanx 1059 slimmer & shine extra firm control strapless slip $98.00 more hidden button spanx: slimmer & shine extra firm control strapless slip 5 reviews colors: details: experience extra-firm control in this shaping slip slims tummy, hips, thighs, and rear targeted zone compression thanks to seamless yarns maintain your natural shape with sleek satin over bust 17" from natural waistline featured review: on march 14, 2014 love this! finding a strapless slip when you are busty is so hard! i love this one because it doesn't make you look like you have uni-boob and you can get a strapless bra underneath without it sticking out of the top! it's a must-have! click to order this style​​ × tc fine intimates 4099 extra-firm control high-waist thigh slimmer $74.00 more hidden button tc fine intimates: extra-firm control high-waist thigh slimmer colors: details: transform your shape in this extra-firm control slimmer flattens tummy and smoothes waist, hips and thighs back center seam helps separate and not flatten rear flexible stays provide back support while shaping prevent ride-up with wonderful edge® silicone lining click to order this style​​ × bodywrap 44003 firm control convertible bodysuit $80.00 more hidden button bodywrap: firm control convertible bodysuit 8 reviews colors: details: slim your silhouette in this firm control bodysuit instantly reduces your dress size flattens tummy and shapes waist, hips and rear achieve a smooth look with underwire contour cups adjustable, matching and clear stretch straps included featured review: on february 15, 2014 works well the briefer is comfortable and provides a smoother appearance the bra section does roll a bit when wearing it strapless which is bothersome because i purchased it because you could wear it strapless. but it's not terrible. however, even though it does smooth you out i would not consider it "firm" control. overall other than a few minor glitches, it is comfortable and does make you look less lumpy. click to order this style​​ × tc fine intimates 4064 firm control brief $39.00 more hidden button tc fine intimates: firm control brief colors: details: flatten your tummy in this firm control shaping brief targeted tummy panel offers shaping and slimming stay in place with wonderful edge® silicone lining panty line are eliminated thanks to the laser-cut edges stretch microfiber and cotton panel click to order this style​​ × assets red hot label by spanx ss3515 clever controllers firm control mid-thigh bodysuit $58.00 more hidden button assets red hot label by spanx : clever controllers firm control mid-thigh bodysuit 1 review colors: details: achieve a smooth look in this firm control bodysuit slims and smoothes from under bust through mid thigh comfortable fit thanks to non-compression over bust hidden high-tech front panel for extra targeted shaping fully adjustable stretch straps featured review: on november 16, 2015 i bought this piece for a specific dress. now i find i wear it with pants as well. comfortable and very effective click to order this style​​ × spanx ps0715 everyday shaping brief plus size $22.00 buy 2 for $38! more hidden button spanx: everyday shaping brief plus size 1 review colors: details: eliminate panty lines in this light control brief unique hidden shaping waistband for targeted control modest, 6.5 inch rise and cotton panel soft finish, ultra-fine stretch microfiber featured review: on may 30, 2015 great very comfortable. nice fit. click to order this style​​ × assets red hot label by spanx fs3515 luxe & lean scalloped open-bust full slip $58.00 more hidden button assets red hot label by spanx : luxe & lean scalloped open-bust full slip colors: details: slim things down in this firm control shaping slip targets underbust, tummy, hips & thighs wear your own bra thanks to the open-bust design laser-cut scalloped details with contrasting tulle bonded edges for a smooth look under clothes click to order this style​​ × spanx 1904 boostie-yay extra firm control corset $84.00 more hidden button spanx: boostie-yay extra firm control corset colors: details: extra firm control, corset-inspired boned waist cincher targets the tummy and ensures good posture releases at hips for an all-over flattering silhouette 12 column, 3 row hook and eye back closure center front is approx. 10'' tall click to order this style​​ × spanx 1069p trust your thinstincts medium control tank plus size $62.00 more hidden button spanx: trust your thinstincts medium control tank plus size 15 reviews colors: details: experience firm control in this shaping tank top offers a smooth look thanks to targeted tummy panel enjoy a natural shape due to non-compression bust virtually invisible under clothes due to laser-cut edge bra-friendly wide straps featured review: on october 27, 2012 cooler but wish the cut was a bit different this is a cooler control camisole which is great but i would like it more if it was cut differently. the back comes up pretty high and the straps in front a bit close so it shows in several tops i have. i am far too old to show my underwear. if you are looking for something cooler under turtle necks, it is perfect. if you have lower cut or wider cut necklines, it is not. click to order this style​​ × yummie by heather thomson yt3-112 rosario modern solutions maxi slip $88.00 more hidden button yummie by heather thomson: rosario modern solutions maxi slip colors: details: light control maxi slip smoothes entire waistline invisible laser-cut edges lay flat against the body customize the fit with fully adjustable stretch straps approx. 56'' long from shoulders light as a feather stretch microfiber click to order this style​​ × dkny 0b178 smoothies capri $18.00 more hidden button dkny: smoothies capri 16 reviews colors: details: achieve a smooth, polished look in capri leggings light control comfortably shapes tummy, waist and hips soft, stretch microfiber featured review: on november 6, 2015 amazing this product fits like a glove with no grabbing anywhere. i will recommend it highly. click to order this style​​ × yummie by heather thomson yt1-196 pearl firm control tank top $48.00 more hidden button yummie by heather thomson: pearl firm control tank top colors: details: shape your waist comfortably in this firm control tank body temperature is regulated with outlast technology non-restrictive fabric over bust for a comfortable fit comfortably accommodates up to an h-cup non-adjustable stretch straps click to order this style​​ × miraclesuit 2928 back magic® extra firm control high-waist slimmer plus size $66.00 more hidden button miraclesuit: back magic® extra firm control high-waist slimmer plus size 1 review colors: details: extra firm control slimmer with innovative back magic® reduce bulge, control back fat and prevent muffin top provides back support and stay-up support with boning stability allows it to function more effectively offers a smooth look due to targeted tummy panel featured review: on december 14, 2015 excellent shapewear this is a wonderful shaper....it takes cares of my figure issues: poochie tummy, muffin top and a flabby tush. the only "problem" is putting it on...its tight (at least initially), but when you finally work it on (the tight feeling goes away leaving you firm and sleek with a flat tummy and no muffin top and a well supported tush. is it comfortable? absolutely.....for all day and evening wear.....you will feel the results....jiggle free and smooth shaping with no vpl under all your outfits. consider wearing panty hose over (or under this shaper) with a pencil skirt. try this style of shaper...you will be pleasantly surprised with the results......great when worn under a "special lbd" or party dress. also consider wearing this shaper over leggins and tunic or sweater dress with knee high boots, high heels of course, it will drive the boys "wild". cheers roberta click to order this style​​ × yummie by heather thomson yt3-106 yulia basic layers high-waist skirt slip $48.00 more hidden button yummie by heather thomson: yulia basic layers high-waist skirt slip colors: details: smooth your tummy with this medium control slip invisible laser-cut edges lay flat against the body stay-put silicone at top and at hem to prevent rolling smoothes and shapes tummy, hips and thighs approx. 19.5 inches long click to order this style​​ × maidenform 1866 firm control open-bust tank $49.00 more hidden button maidenform: firm control open-bust tank 6 reviews colors: details: wear your own bra, firm control camisole slims tummy, waist, and back for a smooth silhouette targeted panels slims you out in all the right places padded, non-adjustable minimal stretch straps approx. 23" from top of shoulders featured review: on july 15, 2014 love this garment. not for everyday use...as it adds another layer and can be a bit warm but when you want a smoother feel for a dressy outfit it really does the job. click to order this style​​ × maidenform 2039 comfort devotion firm control full slip $62.00 more hidden button maidenform: comfort devotion firm control full slip 5 reviews colors: details: smooth and sleek firm control shaping mid-thigh slip seamless, foam-lined underwire cups with lace trim optimum tummy control thanks to two-ply front panel comfortably smoothes out back bulge eliminate ride-up thanks to attached brief featured review: on february 4, 2015 my expectations were well met. i was not confident in ordering lingerie online. i chose the comfort devotion firm control full slip after reading the other favorable reviews and i am not disappointed. i ordered my bra size and the slip fits very well. it is well made - i wanted to know if the strap hardware was metal before i ordered and could not find any information regarding that. so i took a chance. the hardware is metal and very sturdy. the control level provides a nice smooth silhouette and has good bust support. i have an issue with the fat under my arms spilling over my bra band. i was able to wear the slip high enough to minimize this to my satisfaction. overall i recommend the comfort devotion firm control full slip. i would give it 5 stars, except that i never give 5 stars. nothing's perfect. click to order this style​​ × spanx 2433 slim cognito extra firm control high-waist shaper $78.00 more hidden button spanx: slim cognito extra firm control high-waist shaper 1 review colors: details: updated super control mid-thigh shaper with sleek yarns slims entire mid-section as well as hips and thighs targeted compression zones for problem areas removable straps attach to bra up to 4 different places re-inforced leg band for a smoother, sleeker look featured review: on december 3, 2015 not a perfect fit i am 5'7", 130lb, with a booty and a long torso. i ordered a small - which fit fine in the thighs and butt, but is loose around my upper torso. having a longer torso, the product slides down and doesnt stay up unless attached to my bra. overall not as firm a fit as expected from this product. click to order this style​​ × tc fine intimates 4095 back magic® extra-firm control high-waist brief $62.00 more hidden button tc fine intimates: back magic® extra-firm control high-waist brief 1 review colors: details: extra firm control brief with innovative back magic® reduce bulge, control back fat and prevent muffin top provides back support and stay-up support with boning stability allows it to function more effectively comfortably flattens tummy and waist featured review: on june 2, 2015 great fit,!!!!! the only store that has my size. after my surgery i had a difficult time finding personals to fit me, thanks again bare necessities click to order this style​​ × assets red hot label by spanx sh1715 structured indigo knit jeggings $50.00 more hidden button assets red hot label by spanx : structured indigo knit jeggings colors: details: feel confident in medium control shaping jeggings flattens tummy while smoothing hips to legs back pockets and faux front pockets and fly breathable mesh waistband approx. 28.5'' inseam click to order this style​​ × dkny 656273 seductive lights medium control brief $22.00 $16.50 more hidden button dkny: seductive lights medium control brief 4 reviews colors: details: achieve a smooth look in this medium control brief comfortably shapes and smoothes the tummy no visible panty lines thanks to smooth laser-cut edges stretch microfiber with pretty feminine lace featured review: on november 12, 2015 awesome fit!! love this pair of panties! some of the ones i have tried make an indentation on the outside of the thigh that can be seen under clothing and others seem to ride up if the legs are too generously cut. i have to say that this pair fits so well, it is the most comfortable pair i own. no indentation and no ride up at all. i highly recommend them. click to order this style​​ × spanx 309p slimplicity firm control open-bust camisole plus size $62.00 more hidden button spanx: slimplicity firm control open-bust camisole plus size 18 reviews colors: details: experience firm control in this open-bust camisole single layer compression slims torso and tummy unique design stays hidden under plunging necklines no visible panty lines thanks to laser-cut technology wear your own bra - bra shown sold separately featured review: on april 23, 2015 very comfortable and does it's job i love the thinner fabric spanx is now using. it's much more comfortable to wear in warmer weather. this does not roll up and smooths out my jiggely tummy. click to order this style​​ × assets red hot label by spanx 1840 firm control mid-thigh shaper $24.00 more hidden button assets red hot label by spanx : firm control mid-thigh shaper 6 reviews colors: details: slim down in this firm control mid-thigh shaper slims hips and firms rear smooth look thanks to targeted tummy panel designed to fit like second skin - no vpl no bulging on thighs due to legband-free design featured review: on june 5, 2013 great under skirts i love this product! they are light weight, fit well, and do not cling! i used to wear bike shorts under my skirts as i do not wear hose, no more! too bulky! these are fabulous! click to order this style​​ × spanx ps1915 oncore firm control high-waist thigh shaper plus size $76.00 more hidden button spanx: oncore firm control high-waist thigh shaper plus size colors: details: more power and less bulk in this firm control shaper comfortably slims waist, hips and thighs superb flattening thanks to bonded tummy panel squeeze-free slimming sides for ease of movement no visible panty lines due to laser-cut technology click to order this style​​ × miraclesuit 2776 sexy sheer extra firm control rear lifting boyshort $42.00 more hidden button miraclesuit: sexy sheer extra firm control rear lifting boyshort colors: details: extra-firm control, rear lifting shapewear boyshort flattens tummy and smoothes thighs while defining rear wonderful edge silicone lining on leg bands laser-cut edge eliminates visible panty lines stretch microfiber and cotton panel click to order this style​​ × maidenform 12584 control it® seamless shaping camisole $29.00 more hidden button maidenform: control it® seamless shaping camisole 4 reviews colors: details: this shaping tank offers the right amount of smoothness comfortable all over shaping from top to bottom customize your fit with adjustable stretch straps back view: straight across mid-back, covers bra strap approx. 25" from top of shoulders featured review: on may 6, 2014 great product i have many of this type of cami and so far this is the best yet. perfect fit for my body without pinching or grabbing anywhere. i like it so well, i ordered another one in a different color. can't wait to get it. click to order this style​​ × lyssé 1343 medium control noho denim zip leggings $88.00 more hidden button lyssé: medium control noho denim zip leggings colors: details: feel confident in these medium control denim leggings flattens tummy due to targeted spandex panel stylish look thanks to zipper at hem and rear pockets 28.5'' inseam; measurements taken from size m ultra-comfy, stretch cotton blend click to order this style​​ × lyssé 12190 medium control leggings plus size $64.00 more hidden button lyssé: medium control leggings plus size 1 review colors: details: look chic in these comfortable body-hugging leggings offers a smooth look thanks to targeted tummy panel shapes and smoothes from waist to ankles 27.5'' inseam; measurement taken from size 1x ultra-comfy, stretch cotton featured review: on june 10, 2015 love the color these are really cute. i like them even though i feel that they are way more expensive than others that are their counterpart. i would definitely buy them again if the price is reduced. $64.00 is really high. click to order this style​​ × maidenform 2060 medium control sleek smoothers shorty $24.00 more hidden button maidenform: medium control sleek smoothers shorty 1 review colors: details: this medium control shaper is perfect for everyday comfortably smoothes and shapes tummy, thighs and rear laser-cut legband virtually disappears under clothing lightweight stretch microfiber featured review: on june 4, 2015 comfort but no panty lines i wear these light weight smoothers under clingy or white pants, and they are comfortable all day. i also wear the black ones under anything that would show a panty line. click to order this style​​ × assets red hot label by spanx fs5415 flat out flawless extra firm control open-bust bodysuit $58.00 more hidden button assets red hot label by spanx : flat out flawless extra firm control open-bust bodysuit colors: details: look flat out flawless in this slimming bodysuit seamless shaping tames tummy, waist, hips and thighs innovative knitting for an invisible look under clothes wear your own bra thanks to the open-bust design prevents uni-butt with butt pockets to sculpt your rear click to order this style​​ × yummie by heather thomson yt3-107x andrea built up slip plus size $64.00 more hidden button yummie by heather thomson: andrea built up slip plus size colors: details: smooth your entire waistline in this light control slip invisible laser-cut edges lay flat against the body customize the fit with back adjustable stretch straps stay-put silicone lining along hemline approx. 32.5'' long from shoulders click to order this style​​ × tc fine intimates 4141 firm control open-bust camisole $62.00 more hidden button tc fine intimates: firm control open-bust camisole colors: details: wear your own bra with this firm control shaping tank shapes your waist and smoothes your back comfortable fit thanks to dynamic stretch control™ prevent ride up with wonderful edge® silicone hem lightly padded comfort straps click to order this style​​ × miraclesuit 2924 back magic® extra firm control high-waist brief plus size $58.00 more hidden button miraclesuit: back magic® extra firm control high-waist brief plus size colors: details: extra firm control brief with innovative back magic® reduce bulge, control back fat and prevent muffin top provides back support and stay-up support with boning stability allows it to function more effectively comfortably flattens tummy and waist click to order this style​​ × berkshire 5050 firm all the way skinny shaping pantyhose $14.00 buy 2 for $25! more hidden button berkshire: firm all the way skinny shaping pantyhose 3 reviews colors: details: energize your legs in super control shaping pantyhose lifts and tones from toes up with graduated compression waistband free for extreme comfort performs like a concealer for your legs pair with open-toe shoes thanks to sandalfoot design featured review: on september 22, 2015 super slimming! love these shaping pantyhose! they are so slimming as well as firming…i always order extra, so that i have them on hand should they go on back order. i even wear them under ski pants as an extra layer in the winter. they are extremely well made and durable, and fit perfectly. i am a size medium and weigh 131 pounds. they were delivered in a very timely manner, and i love dealing with this company. great customer service! click to order this style​​ × yummie by heather thomson yt1-202 laurel shaping nursing tank $60.00 more hidden button yummie by heather thomson: laurel shaping nursing tank colors: details: this 3-panel nursing tank is a true mother’s helper center medium control panel smoothes and shapes easy snap down cotton bust panel for enjoyable nursing fits up to a g-cup comfortably without compressing bust body temperature is regulated with outlast® fabric click to order this style​​ × bali x245 everyday smoothing extra firm control brief 2-pack $36.00 value multi-pack! more hidden button bali: everyday smoothing extra firm control brief 2-pack 18 reviews colors: details: the perfect panty for when you need that extra control smooth out your tummy with the built-in tummy panel convenient 2-pack so you'll always have one on hand full rear coverage with center ruching stretch microfiber featured review: on september 20, 2014 love love love i can't have enough of these panties ...holds my belly in and makes me stand up tall!!please never stop making them..... click to order this style​​ × tc fine intimates 4225 firm control high-waist shaping brief $48.00 more hidden button tc fine intimates: firm control high-waist shaping brief 1 review colors: details: feel confident in this firm control high-waist brief shape your waistline while flattening your tummy wonderful edge® silicone leg bands prevent ride-up additional silicone lining on back for ultimate support stretch microfiber and mesh body with a cotton panel featured review: on july 10, 2015 shaper is wonderful i was looking for a summer shaper that will smooth me and make me hot and sweaty. this product is great. even though it doesn't look like much it really does smooth me and look slimmer while being very comfortable and not super hot. i will be getting more of these. click to order this style​​ × yummie by heather thomson yt2-269 audra ultra-sheer firm control short $58.00 more hidden button yummie by heather thomson: audra ultra-sheer firm control short colors: details: for a super sleek silhouette try this firm shaping short sheer design feels like you’re wearing nothing targeted tummy panel slims mid-section and lower torso flat bonded edges lay smoothly eliminating vpl stay-put silicone edges on legbands for a seamless look click to order this style​​ × maidenform 12617 slim waisters medium control bodysuit $57.00 more hidden button maidenform: slim waisters medium control bodysuit 1 review colors: details: the perfect everyday medium control shaping bodysuit offers 360° of control shaping tummy and waist comfortable, non-restrictive fabric over bust moderate back coverage with rear defining center seam customize your fit with fully adjustable stretch straps featured review: on october 23, 2015 slim waister maidenform enjoy this bodysuit, comfortable. i wear a bra under it for additional support & control. smoothes out the overages under the arms & back. i would prefer firmer control around the waist but only found medium firm. click to order this style​​ × spanx 397 sheer fashion shaping swiss dot patterned pantyhose $28.00 more hidden button spanx: sheer fashion shaping swiss dot patterned pantyhose 1 review color: details: feel sexy in these swiss dot pattern shaping pantyhose light control shapes tummy, hips, thighs and rear offers a smooth look thanks to non-binding waistband invisible reinforced toe and cotton gusset sheer, stretch nylon featured review: on january 17, 2013 good a nice pair of tights, very comfortable and seemingly of good quality. mine got a run on the first wear, and so went my $28 into a trash bin. click to order this style​​ × bodywrap 55821 firm control high-waist shaper plus size $48.00 more hidden button bodywrap: firm control high-waist shaper plus size colors: details: achieve a smooth silhouette in this firm control shaper flattens tummy while smoothing hips, thighs and rear instantly reduces your dress size stretch microfiber click to order this style​​ × spanx ss0815 everyday shaping thong $22.00 buy 2 for $38! more hidden button spanx: everyday shaping thong 1 review colors: details: this light control thong eliminates visible panty lines unique hidden shaping waistband for targeted control modest, 6.5 inch rise and cotton panel soft finish, ultra-fine stretch microfiber featured review: on december 9, 2015 better than expected! this is a really nice way to wear a thong with more coverage and control. the size was what i expected, and the level of control is good. by the end of a long day i started to get some rolling isdues, but they made it through the workday and that's what matters! click to order this style​​ × maidenform 12627 control it® invisible power thigh slimmer $21.00 more hidden button maidenform: control it® invisible power thigh slimmer colors: details: just the right amount of control with this light shaper comfortably smoothes out tummy, thighs and rear banded edges on legs & waist wont roll or ride up ruching at center back defines rear without flattening lightweight seamless, stretch microfiber click to order this style​​ × spanx fs0715 in & out camisole $50.00 more hidden button spanx: in & out camisole colors: details: super comfy, light control shaping camisole comfortably smoothes tummy and waist non-compression chest coverage won't flatten breasts soft, non-adjustable stretch straps approx. 21.5" from top of shoulders; taken from size s click to order this style​​ × tc fine intimates 4144 firm control waist cincher $49.00 more hidden button tc fine intimates: firm control waist cincher colors: details: pull-on this firm control waist cincher for a slim look comfortably smoothes entire midriff added shape and support thanks to built-in boning stays in place with wonderful edge® silione-lining smooth, stretch microfiber click to order this style​​ × lyssé 1359 medium control mara velvet leggings $88.00 more hidden button lyssé: medium control mara velvet leggings color: details: look chic in these medium control velvet leggings offers a smooth look thanks to targeted tummy panel shapes and smoothes from hips to ankles front seam adds to this sleek, streamlined look 29" inseam; measurement taken from a size m click to order this style​​ × maidenform 2368 easy-up easy-down firm control waist cincher $43.00 more hidden button maidenform: easy-up easy-down firm control waist cincher 5 reviews colors: details: enhance your silouette in this smoothing waist cincher targeted control shapes and smoothes your middle excellent side support thanks to built-in boning soft, wide elastic waistband keeps nippper from moving silky, stretch microfiber won't cling to clothes featured review: on june 9, 2015 comfortable? the answer is yes! never knew a waist cincher could work so well and feel so good. totally smooth under my clingiest dresses. it's really nice not having anything to fasten. click to order this style​​ × bodywrap 44820 firm control long leg brief $38.00 more hidden button bodywrap: firm control long leg brief colors: details: you'll feel great in this firm control long leg brief shapes and smoothes tummy and thighs stretch microfiber click to order this style​​ × miraclesuit 2755 real smooth extra firm control high-waist brief $39.00 more hidden button miraclesuit: real smooth extra firm control high-waist brief 6 reviews colors: details: more coverage means more smoothing and shaping slims tummy, waist and hips with extra firm control achieve an ultra smooth look with 2-ply tummy panel wonderful edge silicone lining keeps legbands in place no visible panty lines thanks to flat seamed legbands featured review: on october 20, 2015 love this product that is why i bought 2 .. my others are stretched out love it .. please never get rid of this product .. a bit pricey but i got a discount that is why i bought them click to order this style​​ × lyssé 1313 high-waist medium control suede leggings $98.00 more hidden button lyssé: high-waist medium control suede leggings 1 review color: details: enjoy all day comfort in these luxe faux suede leggings offers a smooth look thanks to targeted tummy panel front & back seams add to this sleek, streamlined look shapes and smoothes from hips to ankles 28" inseam; measurement taken from a size s featured review: on november 27, 2015 great leggings! these leggings fit so well and are very comfortable and nice looking! soft material with a suede looking material. . i received many compliments. seems as though everyone loves them. i highly recommend them. click to order this style​​ × tc fine intimates 484 medium control camisole $50.00 more hidden button tc fine intimates: medium control camisole colors: details: smooth it out with this everyday shaping camisole medium control throughout with targeted shaping zones supportive, seamless molded cups are non-restrictive slims waist instantly, with sewn-in extra tummy panel prevent ride-up with wonderful edge® silicone on hem click to order this style​​ × lyssé 15190 medium control ponte knit leggings plus size $82.00 more hidden button lyssé: medium control ponte knit leggings plus size color: details: look chic in these leggings with stitched center seam offers a smooth look thanks to targeted tummy panel shapes and smoothes from hips to ankles ponte is a thicker knit, perfect for travel & office ankle length - approx. 26'' inseam click to order this style​​ × tc fine intimates 4246 firm control open-bust torsette bodysuit $76.00 more hidden button tc fine intimates: firm control open-bust torsette bodysuit 1 review colors: details: wear your own bra with this firm control bodysuit slims & shapes tummy, waist, back and hips no-show control panels with dynamic stretch control™ stays in place with wonderful edge® silicone lining breathable spacer, padded comfort stretch straps featured review: on august 19, 2015 tc fine intimates firm control open-bust torsette bodybriefer this is an excellent product - well made and does what it says. i have tried several different brands but this is superior to many. i am short waisted so i wish that it is were shorter from crotch to under the bust. that is my only criticism and the reason that i only gave it 4 stars click to order this style​​ × julie france jfl03 ultra-firm control camisole bodysuit $55.00 more hidden button julie france: ultra-firm control camisole bodysuit colors: details: achieve a seamless look in this ultra-firm bodysuit get support and lift thanks to special weave under bust slims the waist, tummy, back and upper hips eliminates bulges on the back and under arms targeted compression lifts bottom without flattening click to order this style​​ × yummie by heather thomson yt3-119 leona firm control convertible plunging slip $128.00 more hidden button yummie by heather thomson: leona firm control convertible plunging slip colors: details: slip into this sheer, firm control wardrobe essential achieve a super sleek silhouette with waist to thigh slimming sexy plunging wire-free molded triangle cups convertible stretch straps easily convert to halter position invisible laser-cut edges lay flat against the body click to order this style​​ × commando cc112 classic control brief $44.00 more hidden button commando: classic control brief colors: details: look smooth under clothes in this comfy shaping brief light control smoothes tummy and waist seam-free look thanks to laser-cut edges 10'' modest rise; measurement taken from size m sleek stretch microfiber with cotton panel click to order this style​​ × maidenform dm2585 slim waisters seamless bodysuit $32.00 more hidden button maidenform: slim waisters seamless bodysuit colors: details: light control shaping bodysuit for all-over smoothing offers 360° of control shaping tummy and waist non-restrictive fabric over bust won't flatten you out moderate back coverage with rear defining center seam fully adjustable stretch straps convert to criss-cross click to order this style​​ × maidenform 3266 fat free dressing firm control camisole $43.00 more hidden button maidenform: fat free dressing firm control camisole 6 reviews colors: details: everyday smoothing, shaping hip length camisole firm control mid panel to smooth tummy and back approx. 25.5" from top of shoulders back adjustable stretch straps sleek, stretch microfiber featured review: on march 12, 2015 love it! this tank really slims you down. it is long enough for me to pull down under dresses. i'm about 5'5 with a slim build. it does move.though, which is annoying. i like the look too much not to keep wearing it. click to order this style​​ × bali x372 everyday smoothing brief 2-pack $28.00 value multi-pack! more hidden button bali: everyday smoothing brief 2-pack 1 review colors: details: experience light control in this comfy smoothing brief offers a smooth look thanks to targeted tummy panel enjoy this exceptional offer of a 2-pack 7'' modest rise; measurement taken from size m ultra-fine stretch microfiber with cotton panel featured review: on july 12, 2014 very nice these offer light control in a pretty way. i like the soft lace panel in front. they are very comfortable. would have preferred the soft taupe color to be a little lighter shade, but not a deal-breaker. i did like the black. click to order this style​​ × yummie by heather thomson yt5-003p nici seamlessly shaped everyday shaping briefie plus size $18.00 buy 2 for $30! more hidden button yummie by heather thomson: nici seamlessly shaped everyday shaping briefie plus size 30 reviews colors: details: minimize panty lines in seamless, light control briefs control the tummy with the double lined waistband inspirational messages on the waist band smooth, stretch microfiber featured review: on march 13, 2015 yummie tummie i have had surgery and gained about 40 pounds. the surgery was in the pelvic and tummie area. this is the most comfortable pantie i have found. i've spent 150$ trying to find something that works and is comfortable. you won't be disappointed with this one! click to order this style​​ × dkny 656155 underslimmers signature lace shaping brief $20.00 $15.00 more hidden button dkny: underslimmers signature lace shaping brief 1 review colors: details: get light control in this pretty slimming brief lace overlay atop targeted tummy panel 7'' modest rise; measurement taken from size s semi-sheer stretch mesh with cotton panel featured review: on july 26, 2013 comfortable and well made the summary says it all. i liked these so much that i bought 4 more. click to order this style​​ × bali x864 cotton smoothers medium control brief 2-pack $30.00 value multi-pack! more hidden button bali: cotton smoothers medium control brief 2-pack 2 reviews colors: details: smooth out any lumps & bumps with this shaping panty comfortable, medium control panty smoothes tummy rear is shaped and defined thanks to center back seam convenient 2-pack so you always have one handy comfortable, stretch cotton featured review: on may 30, 2014 great fit and comfory if you allergic to synthetic and polyesters but need a little tummy control this is the panty. click to order this style​​ × tc fine intimates 4229 firm control high-waist thigh slimmer $58.00 more hidden button tc fine intimates: firm control high-waist thigh slimmer 1 review colors: details: feel confident in this firm control mid-thigh slimmer flattens tummy and smoothes waist, hips and thighs prevent ride-upwith wonderful edge® silicone bands additional silicone lining on back for ultimate support stretch microfiber, sheer stretch mesh and cotton panel featured review: on june 27, 2015 another must have garment! this garment keeps you smooth and feeling secure under skirts or dresses. i particularly like that it is high-waist, so there is no muffin top! gives me a confident, comfortable feeling under my clothes. ladies try it, you won't regret it!! click to order this style​​ × julie france jfl01p ultra-firm control body shaper plus size $54.00 more hidden button julie france: ultra-firm control body shaper plus size colors: details: achieve a sleek look in this open-bust mid-thigh shaper slims and smoothes from under bust through mid thigh graduated compression for a defined, yet comfy shape targeted compression lifts bottom without flattening non-adjustable wide shoulder straps conceal bra straps click to order this style​​ × maidenform dm2551 slim waisters firm control brief $32.00 more hidden button maidenform: slim waisters firm control brief colors: details: smooth, seamless full coverage shaping brief 360° of targeted control thanks to 2-ply tummy panel full back coverage with center rear defining technology smooth leg bands virtually disappears under clothing 8" modest rise and microfiber gusset click to order this style​​ × lyssé 1519h medium control ponte knit leggings $78.00 more hidden button lyssé: medium control ponte knit leggings color: details: herringbone leggings with stitched seam down front perfect for travel & office; ponte is a thicker knit flatten the tummy with the medium control wide waist shapes and smoothes from hips to ankles ankle length - approx. 28'' inseam click to order this style​​ × tc fine intimates 4030 firm control strapless push-up bodysuit $82.00 more hidden button tc fine intimates: firm control strapless push-up bodysuit colors: details: look sleek & slim in this firm control push-up bodysuit level 1: add half cup with the built-in push-up pads prevent show-through with the seamless foam-lined cups flatten tummy and waist with the built-in control panel excellent side support thanks to built-in boning click to order this style​​ × miraclesuit 2919 back magic® extra firm control high-waist thigh slimmer $59.00 more hidden button miraclesuit: back magic® extra firm control high-waist thigh slimmer colors: details: extra firm control slimmer with innovative back magic® reduce bulge, control back fat and prevent muffin top provides back support and stay-up support with boning stability allows it to function more effectively comfortably flattens tummy, waist, hips and thighs click to order this style​​ × yummie by heather thomson yt3-132 sheer and smooth eve ballet back bodysuit $98.00 more hidden button yummie by heather thomson: sheer and smooth eve ballet back bodysuit colors: details: achieve a smooth look in this light control bodysuit comfortably targets tummy and waist ballet-inspired design with scoop back and long sleeves moderate rear coverage with cotton panel luxe second-skin stretch microfiber click to order this style​​ × commando slg01 get a leg up medium control leggings $68.00 more hidden button commando: get a leg up medium control leggings color: details: feel confident in these medium control shaping leggings smooth your tummy with the built-in shaping waistband added coverage and control thanks to higher waist silky, opaque stretch microfiber click to order this style​​ × commando cc403 smoothed not stuffed shaping full slip $98.00 more hidden button commando: smoothed not stuffed shaping full slip 2 reviews colors: details: achieve a smooth silhouette in this light control slip shapes and smoothes from bust to thighs non-compression fabric over bust for a natural fit smooth look on thighs thanks to laser-cut edges customize the fit with adjustable stretch straps featured review: on june 8, 2015 smoothing and comfortable i love the lining on this slip -- it adds to the garment's comfort, especially in warm weather. unlike some control slips i've tried, this one doesn't ride up. it provides light control -- just enough smoothing to make dresses look better. the name says it all: "smoothed not stuffed." click to order this style​​ × yummie by heather thomson yt3-117 della modern solutions a-line slip $58.00 more hidden button yummie by heather thomson: della modern solutions a-line slip colors: details: smooth entire waistline in this light control full slip invisible laser-cut edges lay flat against the body customize the fit with fully adjustable stretch straps approx. 34.5'' long from shoulders light as a feather stretch microfiber click to order this style​​ × julie france jf002p firm control body shaper plus size $75.00 more hidden button julie france: firm control body shaper plus size 2 reviews colors: details: achieve a sleek silhouette in this mid-thigh shaper slims and smoothes tummy, lower back, hips and thighs get support and lift thanks to special weave under bust targeted compression for defined, yet comfy shape customize the fit with adjustable stretch straps featured review: on january 7, 2015 shappy smooth looking under clothes click to order this style​​ × jockey 4154 slimmers shaping microfiber stretch brief with lace $18.00 $13.50 more hidden button jockey: slimmers shaping microfiber stretch brief with lace 2 reviews colors: details: a sexy twist on your everyday shaping staple light control brief with pretty lace insets at hips comfortably slims and smoothes with targeted tummy 8'' modest rise; measurement taken from size m smooth microfiber and cotton panel for all-day comfort featured review: on july 2, 2015 comfy i do like these panties due to the comfy fit. i would like a little more hold across the tummy area. no binding and panty lines. click to order this style​​ × msp by miraclesuit 4001 essentials firm control leggings $62.00 extra 25% off with sports bra more hidden button msp by miraclesuit: essentials firm control leggings 1 review colors: details: firm control shaping capri length leggings miraslim™ comfortably flattens your tummy shapes and smoothes hips, thighs and rear mesh-lined elastic waistband with interior key pocket 22" inseam; measurement taken from a size s featured review: on august 30, 2014 love love love! these are great leggings! i was worried you might see some lumps in my ample behind or back of my thighs, but nope. they are plenty opaque, but not thick. very comfy. click to order this style​​ × bali x867 cool comfort cottony smoothing hi-cut brief 2-pack $28.00 value multi-pack! more hidden button bali: cool comfort cottony smoothing hi-cut brief 2-pack colors: details: experience cooling comfort thanks to innovative fabric this hi-cut brief smoothes tummy with targeted panel convenient 2-pack so you'll always have one on hand full back coverage helps prevent ride-up 8'' modest rise; measurement taken from size m click to order this style​​ × maidenform 2059 medium control sleek smoothers high-waist brief $24.00 more hidden button maidenform: medium control sleek smoothers high-waist brief colors: details: all over smoothing, high-waisted shaping boyshort invisible look under clothes thanks to laser-cut edges smoothes and shapes from under bust through hips non-slip silicone lining on waistband anchors on body ultra-lightweight, stretch microfiber click to order this style​​ × julie france jf002 firm control body shaper $70.00 more hidden button julie france: firm control body shaper colors: details: achieve a sleek look in this mid-thigh body shaper slims and smoothes tummy, lower back, hips and thighs get support and lift thanks to special weave under bust targeted compression for defined, yet comfy shape fully adjustable, stretch straps click to order this style​​ × spanx fp2215 undie-tectable lace waist hipster $24.00 more hidden button spanx: undie-tectable lace waist hipster colors: details: say goodbye to panty lines in this lace hipster fancy panty! pretty lace waistband smoothes you cups the cheeks for complete rear coverage 4'' low rise; measurement taken from size s luxurious second-skin microfiber with cotton panel click to order this style​​ × assets red hot label by spanx ss3315 clever control firm control open-bust tank $42.00 more hidden button assets red hot label by spanx : clever control firm control open-bust tank colors: details: slim down instantly with this firm control shaping tank slims and smoothes tummy and waist hidden high-tech front panel for extra targeted shaping open-bust design allows you to wear your own bra pinch-free fit thanks to non-compression side vents click to order this style​​ × yummie by heather thomson yt5-052 lilo inshapes firm control high-waist capri $48.00 more hidden button yummie by heather thomson: lilo inshapes firm control high-waist capri colors: details: zone control, high-waist capri length shaping leggings shape your tummy with the firm control seamless waist smooth hips, thighs and legs with light control zones designed to shape your rear for a natural looking lift stay put silicone waistband prevents rolling click to order this style​​ × maidenform 12553 control it® firm control high-waist brief $37.00 more hidden button maidenform: control it® firm control high-waist brief 1 review colors: details: firm control, 360° of slimming high-waist brief slims waist and rear providing targeted tummy control seamless stretch microfiber featured review: on august 9, 2015 works great these are nice, and comfortable enough to wear all day. i slightly prefer the assets firm control high waist panty, just because they come up a little higher on me, but these fit fine and don't roll. i wear both interchangeably. click to order this style​​ × maidenform 2045 vintage chic firm control bodysuit $64.00 more hidden button maidenform: vintage chic firm control bodysuit 2 reviews colors: details: experience all over smoothing in this mid-thigh shaper this sleek bodysuit provides comfortable firm control seamed, unlined molded underwire cups with lace trim double-lined front panel for extra tummy control fully adjustable stretch straps convert to criss-cross featured review: on june 6, 2014 i have been waiting for this product i love the all in one with bra attached, i do not like adding your own bra. worn it to a wedding, really did a great job click to order this style​​ × lyssé 14100 medium control ponte wide leg pants plus size $84.00 more hidden button lyssé: medium control ponte wide leg pants plus size colors: details: stylish wide leg ponte pants provide medium control perfect for travel & office; ponte is a thicker knit flatten the tummy with the targeted, wide waistband shapes and smoothes hips and thighs stitched center seams on front and back click to order this style​​ × le mystère 135p sophia lace high-waist smoother $36.00 more hidden button le mystère: sophia lace high-waist smoother 1 review colors: details: achieve a smooth silhouette in this high-waist shaper light control comfortably smoothes tummy and waist no bunching thanks to ruched center seam on rear 10'' high rise; measurement taken from size s luxe stretch microfiber and lace with cotton panel featured review: on november 26, 2015 pretty and comfortable love these panties! they have just the right amount of control, are pretty and feminine, and they are very comfortable. i just bought more to have enough for every day of the week. click to order this style​​ × spanx 2123p trust your thinstincts medium control shaper plus size $76.00 more hidden button spanx: trust your thinstincts medium control shaper plus size colors: details: medium control, high-waist mid-thigh shaper smoothes tummy, hips, thighs and rear laser-cut edges lie flat against the body cotton panel cool and breathable stretch microfiber click to order this style​​ × assets red hot label by spanx 2517 flipside firmers firm control camisole $44.00 more hidden button assets red hot label by spanx : flipside firmers firm control camisole color: details: four looks with this extra firm control reversible tank reverses from black to nude reverses from scoop neck to v-neck all-over slimming thanks to double-layer fabric stays in place due to no-slip fabrication under hem click to order this style​​ × assets red hot label by spanx fs4115 flat out flawless extra firm control high-waist brief $44.00 more hidden button assets red hot label by spanx : flat out flawless extra firm control high-waist brief colors: details: achieve flawlessness with this slimming shaping brief seamless shaping tames and smooths tummy & waist invisible under clothes thanks to lay-flat technology silicone-lined waistband is designed to stay in place eliminates visible panty lines in this seamless design click to order this style​​ × spanx 1587p trust your thinstincts medium control tank plus size $62.00 more hidden button spanx: trust your thinstincts medium control tank plus size 12 reviews colors: details: this sleek, lightweight tank provides medium control offers a smooth look thanks to targeted tummy panel fits every bust best! non-compression chest coverage bonded arm holes and hem for a sleek transition to skin fully adjustable stretch straps featured review: on november 17, 2015 the absolute best this is my favorite go-to shapewear cami. i am just over 6' tall and find the length to be perfect. this is a very lightweight garment that i find perfect for travel as it takes up almost no space and washes/dries extremely well on the road. i also like the soft feel of this -- a true delight to wear even in warmer climates. straps stay in place and are comfortable. recommended for all. click to order this style​​ × yummie by heather thomson yt5-102 danielle inshapes firm control high-waist thong $36.00 more hidden button yummie by heather thomson: danielle inshapes firm control high-waist thong colors: details: zone control high-waist shaping thong firm control waist shapes and smoothes the tummy light control zones smoothes hips stay put silicone waistband prevents rolling luxurious, fine-gauge stretch microfiber click to order this style​​ × yummie by heather thomson yt3-131 luxe lace gretchen thong bodysuit $118.00 more hidden button yummie by heather thomson: luxe lace gretchen thong bodysuit color: details: this gorgeous slimming bodysuit is a wardrobe essential targets tummy and waist for a smooth look maintain a natural shape in unlined wire-free lace cups durable underbust stitching offers great support eliminate visible panty lines with laser-cut edges click to order this style​​ × maidenform 2584 sleek smoothers reversible tank $38.00 more hidden button maidenform: sleek smoothers reversible tank colors: details: get more options with this reversible shaping tank provides light control to gently smooth and shape conveniently reverses from scoop neck to v-neck this seamless design virtually disappears under clothes approx. 25" from top of shoulders click to order this style​​ × miraclesuit 2788 sexy sheer extra firm control brief $32.00 more hidden button miraclesuit: sexy sheer extra firm control brief 1 review colors: details: extra-firm control shaping brief flattens tummy and smoothes hips wonderful edge silicone lining on rear leg bands moderate rear coverage and cotton panel no visible panty lines featured review: on september 11, 2015 excellent addition to my wardrobe must i will most likely be ordering another to add to my wardrobe. click to order this style​​ × spanx 2125 skinny britches firm control mid-thigh shaper $58.00 more hidden button spanx: skinny britches firm control mid-thigh shaper colors: details: this firm control shaper offers targeted tummy control unique cross design slims tummy, hips and thighs stay confident under clothes due to laser-cut edges cotton gusset lightweight, airy stretch microfiber click to order this style​​ × assets red hot label by spanx fs3615 luxe & lean firm control bodysuit $50.00 more hidden button assets red hot label by spanx : luxe & lean firm control bodysuit colors: details: slim things down in this firm control shaping bodysuit all over slimming with the silky single-layer fabric wear your own bra thanks to the open-bust design laser-cut scalloped details look chic and lay flat customize the fit with fully adjustable stretch straps click to order this style​​ × maidenform 12615 slim waisters firm control bodysuit $57.00 more hidden button maidenform: slim waisters firm control bodysuit 2 reviews colors: details: firm control, wear your own bra shaping bodysuit shapes and firms tummy, hips, thighs and rear additional targeted control around waist and tummy comfortably smoothes back bulge convenient open gusset for bathroom accessibility featured review: on march 12, 2015 excellent option this bodysuit was excellent for smoothing and slimming under a fitted dress. click to order this style​​ × simone perele 16r500 top model medium control bodysuit $120.00 more hidden button simone perele: top model medium control bodysuit colors: details: achieve the shape you want in this slimming bodysuit curved seams and targeted compression for amazing shape shapes tummy, hips, and back thanks to medium control delicate, lace on bust & hips ensures no visible lines cushioned, non-adjustable wide straps for added comfort click to order this style​​ × miraclesuit 2781 sexy sheer extra firm control open-bust bodysuit $64.00 more hidden button miraclesuit: sexy sheer extra firm control open-bust bodysuit 4 reviews colors: details: extra-firm control, open-bust slimming body-briefer shapes midriff, tummy, hips, thighs and rear sheer legs stay-put with wonderful edge silicone lining open-crotch for easy bathroom accessibility wear with any bra - bra shown sold separately featured review: on march 12, 2015 great solution this is a terrific piece. slims and smooths all the way from bra to thigh. perfect solution for the dress i was wearing to my son's wedding. click to order this style​​ × commando cc402 double faced tech medium control mini slip $88.00 more hidden button commando: double faced tech medium control mini slip 1 review colors: details: achieve a smooth silhouette in this shaping mini slip shapes and smoothes from bust to thighs non-compression fabric over bust for a natural fit smooth look on thighs thanks to laser-cut edges customize the fit with adjustable stretch straps featured review: on october 27, 2015 very nice this is a very nice shaping garment that i recommend for everyone. i am just over 6' tall the fit is just right given the adjustable straps. the feel against the skin is surprisingly good for this type of garment and i really enjoy wearing it. recommended for all. click to order this style​​ × bali x866 comfort revolution shaping brief 2-pack $32.00 value multi-pack! more hidden button bali: comfort revolution shaping brief 2-pack 1 review colors: details: experience light control in this shaping brief cool comfort technology used to help keep you cool wide waistband flattens tummy for a smooth look convenient 2-pack so you'll always have one on hand 7'' modest rise; measurement taken from size m featured review: on october 22, 2015 comfy and easy and results! loved that these weren't impossible to put on yet did make a difference. i felt more confident in my form fitting dresses in these super-well valued briefs. for the price, they are worth the extra control without lots of fuss. click to order this style​​ × assets red hot label by spanx 800m marvelous mama lucky leggings $18.00 more hidden button assets red hot label by spanx : marvelous mama lucky leggings color: details: body-shaping maternity leggings grow with your belly comfortable underbelly support and pregnancy panels dig-free, non-binding waistband for ultimate comfort opaque, stretch nylon click to order this style​​ × tc fine intimates 4094 shape away extra firm control brief $48.00 more hidden button tc fine intimates: shape away extra firm control brief colors: details: extra firm control brief with innovative back magic® targeted tummy panel offers shaping and slimming provides stay-up and lower back support with boning reduce bulge, control back fat and prevent muffin top wonderful edge® silicone lining stays in place click to order this style​​ × tc fine intimates 4135 medium control high-waist brief $39.00 more hidden button tc fine intimates: medium control high-waist brief 1 review colors: details: flatten your tummy with this medium control brief shapes and smoothes torso, waist and hips stays in place with the wonderful edge® silicone-lining stretch microfiber and cotton panel featured review: on may 31, 2015 tc intimates fits great has a nice smooth feel click to order this style​​ × maidenform 12587 control it® medium control boyshort 2-pack $31.00 value multi-pack! more hidden button maidenform: control it® medium control boyshort 2-pack 2 reviews colors: details: a panty that does more than just cover your assets this medium control boyshort offers all over smoothing comfortably smoothes and shapes tummy, hips & rear ruched center back seam defines rear without flattening 7.5" modest rise with cotton blend gusset featured review: on april 12, 2014 great panties, comfortable control when these arrived and i first put them on i was surprised how comfortable they were. then i put on my trousers and i was really happy. because of the control and the fabric, my trousers were actually loose and comfortable to wear all day. i am ordering more. click to order this style​​ × lyssé 1504 medium control ponte knit faux leather leggings $84.00 more hidden button lyssé: medium control ponte knit faux leather leggings 1 review color: details: medium control leggings with faux leather side panels ponte is a thicker knit, perfect for travel & office targeted spandex panel & wide waist flatten tummy shapes and smoothes from hips to ankles approx. 27.5'' inseam featured review: on november 13, 2013 great trendy legging i do recommend this legging. however, size down one size. these stretch out as you wear them. i am usually between an xs and a small. since these only come in a small, i ordered them. i did not know these were going to stretch out. i def need an extra small. i did wash in cold on gentle and they do seem like they went back into shape. i am a big fan of lysse. i do have several pairs of their leggings. these have good compression without squeezing. these are very slimming. they have a great wide waist band that does not roll or allow for a muffin top problem. these smooth out any lumps & bumps. click to order this style​​ × yummie by heather thomson yt5-051 cameo inshapes firm control high-waist brief $36.00 more hidden button yummie by heather thomson: cameo inshapes firm control high-waist brief colors: details: zone control high-waist shaping brief firm control seamless waist shapes the tummy light control zones smoothes hips designed to shape your rear for a natural looking lift stay put silicone waistband prevents rolling click to order this style​​ × yummie by heather thomson ya2-004 candace cotton wow slimming capri leggings $74.00 extra 25% off with sports bra more hidden button yummie by heather thomson: candace cotton wow slimming capri leggings color: details: medium control capri leggings without pockets slims and smoothes tummy, hips and legs 360° of shaping power prevents muscle fatigue flat lock seams for comfort approx. 17 inch inseam click to order this style​​ × spanx fl5415 jean-ish twill shaping leggings $98.00 more hidden button spanx: jean-ish twill shaping leggings color: details: secret shaping in these jean-inspired twill leggings the slim's built in with inner mesh shaping panty soft fabric is designed to offer a smoothing look gunmetal rivets, faux front pockets and fly true back pockets looks like a real jean! click to order this style​​ × assets red hot label by spanx fl5115 marled shaping leggings $40.00 more hidden button assets red hot label by spanx : marled shaping leggings color: details: these slimming leggings offer a 360° smooth silhouette comfortably smoothes tummy, waist, hips and thighs flawless look thanks to the tummy flattening waistband approx. 28.5'' inseam luxe opaque heathered microfiber click to order this style​​ × spanx fs0815 in & out tank $50.00 more hidden button spanx: in & out tank colors: details: enjoy secret slimming in this light control tank top comfortably smoothes tummy and waist cotton rich stretch fabric with non-compression bust bonded elastic at neckline and armhole won't irritate ultra-flat seams at side for the most comfortable fit click to order this style​​ × miraclesuit 2789 sexy sheer extra firm control high-waist thigh slimmer $44.00 more hidden button miraclesuit: sexy sheer extra firm control high-waist thigh slimmer 2 reviews colors: details: extra-firm control, high-waist thigh slimmer shapes midriff, tummy, hips, thighs and rear sheer legs stay-put with wonderful edge silicone lining stretch microfiber with cotton panel bra shown sold separately featured review: on july 10, 2015 great for summer dresses i was looking for something i could wear under summer dresses and that's breathable. it's great because it prevents me from chaffing while still being cool. it's makes me look slimmer and smooth. this is a summer must have. click to order this style​​ × assets red hot label by spanx ss3415 clever control firm control high-waist shaper $44.00 more hidden button assets red hot label by spanx : clever control firm control high-waist shaper colors: details: achieve a sleek look in this high-waist thigh shaper slims and smoothes from under bust through mid thigh targeted shaping due to hidden high-tech front panel cotton open-crotch for easy bathroom accessibility lightweight, stretch microfiber click to order this style​​ × jockey 4136 slimmers everyday shaping seamless shorts $15.00 $11.25 more hidden button jockey: slimmers everyday shaping seamless shorts colors: details: enjoy light control in full coverage shaping shorts extra wide waistband shapes and smoothes the tummy cease panty lines due to seamless non-binding edges soft, smooth microfiber for all-day comfort click to order this style​​ × spanx fh1215 cable knit over the knee tights $32.00 more hidden button spanx: cable knit over the knee tights color: details: enjoy all day shaping with these medium control tights breathe easy with the built-in tummy shaper comfortably firms thighs, hips, and rear offers a smooth look thanks to non-binding waistband wear without underwear thanks to cotton gusset click to order this style​​ × knock out! ko-1600 contour shaping brief $38.00 more hidden button knock out!: contour shaping brief 2 reviews colors: details: light control, full rear coverage shaping brief cotton-lined waist offers light control quick-dry action protects clothes - no liner needed eliminates odor, leaking and spotting everyday modest, 7 inch rise with breathable cotton panel featured review: on may 14, 2014 perfect i love these briefs, the fit is perfect, very comfortable and they look great. click to order this style​​ × tc fine intimates 4096 shape away extra firm control thigh slimmer $58.00 more hidden button tc fine intimates: shape away extra firm control thigh slimmer colors: details: extra firm control slimmer with innovative back magic® flattens tummy and smoothes waist, hips and thighs provides stay-up and back support thanks to boning reduce bulge, control back fat and prevent muffin top wonderful edge® silicone lining stays in place click to order this style​​ × dkny dk1018 modern lights medium control smoothing camisole $48.00 $36.00 more hidden button dkny: modern lights medium control smoothing camisole colors: details: achieve a sexy silhouette in this medium control cami shapes and smoothes from bustline to hips built-in foam-lined underwire cups offer great support laser-cut edge hem lays flat underneath clothing customize the fit with adjustable stretch straps click to order this style​​ × assets red hot label by spanx fs3715 luxe & lean scalloped high-waist girl short $44.00 more hidden button assets red hot label by spanx : luxe & lean scalloped high-waist girl short colors: details: feel confident with this high-waist super control short laser-cut scalloped details with contrasting tulle instantly slims tummy and trims the hips smooth, sleek bonded edges for a seamless look brushed elastic waistband holds garment in place click to order this style​​ × tc fine intimates 4136 medium control high-waist boyshort $46.00 more hidden button tc fine intimates: medium control high-waist boyshort 3 reviews colors: details: feel confident in medium control, high-waist boyshorts flattens tummy and smoothes waist, hips and thighs prevent ride-up with wonderful edge® silicone bands eliminate panty lines thanks to laser-cut leg bands stretch microfiber and cotton panel featured review: on june 24, 2015 comfortable with great support i've tried tons of shapewear and was a little hesitant about spending more money on tc than other brands...but it was well worth it. very surprised by the quality and how it fits on my plus sized body....very comfortable while still giving me a lovely shape...very happy with this product click to order this style​​ × spanx fs071p in & out camisole plus size $54.00 more hidden button spanx: in & out camisole plus size colors: details: super comfy, light control shaping camisole comfortably smoothes tummy and waist non-compression chest coverage won't flatten breasts soft, non-adjustable stretch straps approx. 22.5" from top of shoulders; taken from size 1x click to order this style​​ × yummie by heather thomson ya2-002 katrina cotton wow slimming yoga pants $78.00 extra 25% off with sports bra more hidden button yummie by heather thomson: katrina cotton wow slimming yoga pants color: details: medium control shaping active pants slims and smoothes tummy, hips and legs 360° of shaping power prevents muscle fatigue flat lock seams for comfort approx. 27.5" inseam click to order this style​​ × lyssé 6173c medium control denim capri leggings $68.00 more hidden button lyssé: medium control denim capri leggings colors: details: feel confident in these medium control denim leggings smooth your tummy with the wide shaping waistband capri length, approx. 20'' inseam ultra-comfy, stretch cotton click to order this style​​ × spanx 2508 hide and sleek mid-thigh shaper $68.00 more hidden button spanx: hide and sleek mid-thigh shaper colors: details: experience firm control in this weightless thigh shaper great tummy and hip compression without flattening rear smooth look under clothes due to laser-cut edges new sleek yarns won't cling to clothes smooth, stretch microfiber with cotton panel click to order this style​​ × miraclesuit 2925 back magic® extra firm control long torso brief $58.00 more hidden button miraclesuit: back magic® extra firm control long torso brief colors: details: extra firm control brief with innovative back magic® offers an extra 2 inches to accommodate torso length reduce bulge, control back fat and prevent muffin top provides back support and stay-up support with boning stability allows it to function more effectively click to order this style​​ × spanx ps1815 oncore firm control high-waist brief plus size $66.00 more hidden button spanx: oncore firm control high-waist brief plus size colors: details: more power and less bulk in this firm control brief comfortably slims waistline for a smooth silhouette superb flattening thanks to bonded tummy panel squeeze-free slimming sides for ease of movement no visible panty lines due to laser-cut technology click to order this style​​ × maidenform 1856 firm control open-bust bodysuit $57.00 more hidden button maidenform: firm control open-bust bodysuit 9 reviews colors: details: wear your own bra, firm control, shaping bodysuit slims tummy, waist, and back for a smooth silhouette hook and eye crotch for easy bathroom accessibility cushioned, non-adjustable stretch straps breathable, stretch microfiber featured review: on february 24, 2015 perfect garment i received this garment today and it fit (me) perfect. there is firm control in the tummy area and great support of the back area. i am an x-large and i had no problem w/this garment. it is comfortable and it isn't tight around the legs. and the garment moves w/you. i know my shapeware and this one is by far the best one. the garment also hugs the curves, i like (love handles). i purchased the nude and black. ladies this garment is a keeper. i owned this garment for one day not one week. i will purchase this garment again if i need to. i hope this review is helpful. click to order this style​​ × tc fine intimates 4201 firm control thigh slimming open-bust bodysuit $74.00 more hidden button tc fine intimates: firm control thigh slimming open-bust bodysuit colors: details: wear your own bra in this firm control bodysuit shape and smooth tummy, hips, thighs and rear eliminate panty lines thanks to the laser-cut leg bands prevents ride-up with wonderful edge® silicone lining customize the fit with fully adjustable stretch straps click to order this style​​ × tc fine intimates 4132 medium control strapless slip $58.00 more hidden button tc fine intimates: medium control strapless slip 4 reviews colors: details: smooth your look in a medium control shaping slip slims tummy, waist, back, hips and thighs comfortable fit thanks to dynamic stretch control™ prevent ride-up with wonderful edge® silicone hem customize the fit with fully adjustable stretch straps featured review: on june 4, 2014 a dream come true i am a large busted dancer and often wear strapless costumes and this works great! click to order this style​​ × miraclesuit 2786 sexy sheer extra firm control waist cincher $43.00 more hidden button miraclesuit: sexy sheer extra firm control waist cincher colors: details: extra-firm control waist cincher with all-over boning wonderful edge silicone lining on hem stays in place offers a smooth look under clothes no closure - step into it stretch microfiber and mesh click to order this style​​ × tc fine intimates 4009 medium control high-waist thigh slimmer plus size $52.00 more hidden button tc fine intimates: medium control high-waist thigh slimmer plus size colors: details: feel confident in this medium control mid-thigh slimmer flattens tummy and smoothes waist, hips and thighs prevent ride-up with wonderful edge® silicone bands eliminate panty lines thanks to laser-cut leg bands stretch microfiber and cotton panel click to order this style​​ × yummie by heather thomson yt2-225x marjorie basic layers mid-waist brief plus size $44.00 more hidden button yummie by heather thomson: marjorie basic layers mid-waist brief plus size 1 review colors: details: medium control, mid-rise shaping brief invisible raw-cut edges for a seamless look smoothes and shapes tummy and hips soft, comfortable reinforced thin waistband lightweight, stretch microfiber and cotton gusset featured review: on november 27, 2015 makes you feel put together! comfortable enough to wear all day click to order this style​​ × lyssé 5199b medium control mara ponte knit slub leggings $78.00 more hidden button lyssé: medium control mara ponte knit slub leggings color: details: compliment any outfit in medium control ponte leggings flattens tummy due to targeted spandex panel flattering seam detail runs full length of the legs perfect for travel & office; ponte is a thicker knit 28.5'' inseam; measurements taken from size m click to order this style​​ × spanx fs081p in & out tank plus size $54.00 more hidden button spanx: in & out tank plus size colors: details: super comfy, light control shaping tank top comfortably smoothes tummy and waist non-compression chest coverage won't flatten breasts soft, non-adjustable stretch straps approx. 22.5" from top of shoulders; taken from size 1x click to order this style​​ × spanx 1905 heaven medium control brief $34.00 more hidden button spanx: heaven medium control brief colors: details: experience soft smoothing in this full coverage brief medium control double-layer tummy panel designed to stay in place with the wrap-around seams modest, 9 inch rise and cotton panel sumptuous stretch modal click to order this style​​ × miraclesuit 2927 back magic® extra firm control high-waist full hip slimmer $66.00 more hidden button miraclesuit: back magic® extra firm control high-waist full hip slimmer colors: details: extra firm control slimmer with innovative back magic® reduce bulge, control back fat and prevent muffin top provides back support and stay-up support with boning stability allows it to function more effectively comfortably flattens tummy, waist, hips and thighs click to order this style​​ × yummie by heather thomson yt5-049 cleo inshapes high-waist seamless shaping short $38.00 more hidden button yummie by heather thomson: cleo inshapes high-waist seamless shaping short 6 reviews colors: details: zone control, high-waist mid-thigh shaping panty shape your tummy with the firm control seamless waist smooth hips, thighs and legs with light control zones designed to shape your rear for a natural looking lift stay put silicone waistband prevents rolling featured review: on august 7, 2014 very long like the product, like the general fit. however, i'm tall and this one seemed quite long in the torso - good for me but maybe not everyone click to order this style​​ × bali 8097 one smooth u firm control high-waist thigh slimmer $38.00 more hidden button bali: one smooth u firm control high-waist thigh slimmer 2 reviews colors: details: be smooth with this firm control high-waist shaper innovative cool technology cools as you heat up! comfortable shaping of tummy, waist and thighs 6'' inseam; measurement taken from size m silky stretch microfiber with cotton panel featured review: on july 21, 2015 this product has great features this product is comfortable; you forget you're wearing it. click to order this style​​ × julie france jfl25 ultra-firm control shaping panty $34.00 more hidden button julie france: ultra-firm control shaping panty colors: details: feel confident in this ultra-firm control full brief wide waist band reduces rolling at waist slims and smoothes the waist, tummy and lower back targeted compression lifts bottom without flattening mid-waist height, ideal for low back outfits click to order this style​​ × yummie by heather thomson ya2-008 jocelyn active cotton shaping leggings $66.00 extra 25% off with sports bra more hidden button yummie by heather thomson: jocelyn active cotton shaping leggings color: details: medium control shaping capri cotton leggings extended waist for extra tummy control slims tummy, hips and thighs approx. 16" inseam opaque stretch cotton click to order this style​​ × spanx 2433p slim cognito extra firm control high-waist shaper plus size $82.00 more hidden button spanx: slim cognito extra firm control high-waist shaper plus size 2 reviews colors: details: updated super control mid-thigh shaper with sleek yarns slims entire mid-section as well as hips and thighs targeted compression zones for problem areas removable straps attach to bra up to 4 different places re-inforced leg band for a smoother, sleeker look featured review: on april 23, 2015 gives you a nice smooth look all over this really does smooth out your bumpy parts. it does not roll down because it can't. the new style of being able to attach it to your bra prevents roll downs. such a simple change but ingenious. click to order this style​​ × julie france jfl10p ultra-firm control tummy shaper plus size $40.00 more hidden button julie france: ultra-firm control tummy shaper plus size 1 review colors: details: achieve a smooth look in this ultra-firm tummy shaper slims waist, back and upper hips helps eliminate “muffin top” detachable, adjustable straps hook onto your own bra moisture wicking, breathable microfiber featured review: on march 29, 2015 fits like a glove i am a size 22on top and i ordered a 3x. definitely should have ordered a 2x because there was a lot of extra fabric and it rolled on the top. other than that it was a tight fit that stayed all day. i will be ordering another one! click to order this style​​ × bali 8099 one smooth u extra firm control high-waist brief $36.00 more hidden button bali: one smooth u extra firm control high-waist brief 3 reviews colors: details: the go to brief for when you need that extra control innovative cool technology cools as you heat up! comfortably shapes and smoothes tummy smoothing stretch microfiber with cotton panel featured review: on august 28, 2014 performed comfortably well wore this high waist control brief for many hours in the heat of day and did not find it to be binding or extremely uncomfortable, i prefer this style over a body suit for ease of removal in the ladies room. click to order this style​​ × spanx fs0115 retro brief $34.00 more hidden button spanx: retro brief colors: details: the perfect light control retro-inspired everyday brief slimming technology smoothes the stomach ultrasonic design lines are visually slimming plush bonded elastic on leg opening and waistband ruched center back seam means no more uni-butt click to order this style​​ × yummie by heather thomson yt2-226 virginia basic layers mid-waist short $46.00 more hidden button yummie by heather thomson: virginia basic layers mid-waist short colors: details: medium control, mid-rise, mid-thigh shaper invisible raw-cut edges for a seamless look shapes the tummy, hips and thighs designed to shape your rear for a natural looking lift soft, comfortable reinforced elastic waistband click to order this style​​ × spanx ss0315 shape my day firm control open-bust camisole $58.00 more hidden button spanx: shape my day firm control open-bust camisole colors: details: experience firm control in this open-bust camisole slims torso thanks to single layer compression smooth look under clothes due to laser-cut edges polymer strip at hem so camisole will stay in place back adjustable stretch straps click to order this style​​ × wacoal 836275 b-smooth bodysuit $55.00 more hidden button wacoal: b-smooth bodysuit 3 reviews colors: details: all-in-one bodysuit smoothes from bust to waist comfortable, wire-free cups have removable foam inserts great for backless fashions with deep u-shaped back non-adjustable tank stretch straps shapes your rear with rouched detail on back featured review: on december 3, 2015 comfortable light-control bodysuit i recently bought a second one of these bodysuits because i like them better than any other i've tried. they're comfortable and light-control, which means they'll smooth you but not decrease your waist or hip size. i find them good under dresses where i want no muffin-top effect or pantylines from regular underwear. click to order this style​​ × yummie by heather thomson yt3-135 jennifer basic layers slip $78.00 more hidden button yummie by heather thomson: jennifer basic layers slip colors: details: this slimming slip is a wardrobe essential must-have offers a smooth look from waist to thighs mirror your natural shape in molded, wire-free cups invisible laser-cut edges lay flat against the body hem stays in place thanks to silicone lining click to order this style​​ × julie france jfl04p ultra-firm control high-waist panty shaper plus size $42.00 more hidden button julie france: ultra-firm control high-waist panty shaper plus size colors: details: achieve a sleek look in this high-waist shaping brief slims and smoothes the tummy, back and upper hips wide waist band reduces rolling at waist targeted compression lifts bottom without flattening detachable, adjustable straps hook onto your own bra click to order this style​​ × miraclesuit 2929 back magic® extra firm control long torso thigh slimmer $66.00 more hidden button miraclesuit: back magic® extra firm control long torso thigh slimmer colors: details: extra firm control slimmer with innovative back magic® offers an extra 2 inches to accommodate torso length reduce bulge, control back fat and prevent muffin top provides back support and stay-up support with boning stability allows it to function more effectively click to order this style​​ × lyssé 5255 high-waist cropped leggings $88.00 more hidden button lyssé: high-waist cropped leggings colors: details: look slim with these flattering medium control leggings smooth your tummy with the wide shaping waistband slimming capri length pants with zipper accents on back hem 23.5" inseam; measurement taken from size m comfortable, smoothing viscose blend click to order this style​​ × jockey 4153 slimmers shaping microfiber stretch brief $18.00 $13.50 more hidden button jockey: slimmers shaping microfiber stretch brief colors: details: enjoy light control in this full coverage brief targeted tummy control comfortably slims and smoothes no visible panty lines thanks to laser-cut leg bands 8'' modest rise; measurement taken from size m smooth microfiber and cotton panel for all-day comfort click to order this style​​ × yummie by heather thomson yt5-004p nina seamlessly shaped shaping shortie plus size $18.00 buy 2 for $30! more hidden button yummie by heather thomson: nina seamlessly shaped shaping shortie plus size 31 reviews colors: details: minimize panty lines in this light control boyshort control the tummy with the double lined waistband inspirational messages on the waistband 7" modest rise; measurement taken from size 1x/2x seamless, stretch microfiber featured review: on may 8, 2014 fabric is perfect! it massages your back! i tried those lower-cut boyshorts and they bugged me. i felt like i had to keep pulling them up. so, when i saw these with the wider support band, i thought i'd try them. the fit is tts and the fabric is the perfect support. a little bit to stop any jiggling, but not too constraining so you are uncomfortable. i also like the length. it's perfect. yes, they do ride up under tight jeans, but so do other boyshorts. it's not uncomfortable, however, because the fabric isn't tight. when i put them on, they give a nice back support due to the wide band. it's so comfortable. these wash well also and do not shrink. you also have a happy little message inside the band of the pants. how fun! i tried 2 at first. i liked them so i bought 6 more. i just wish they offered white. click to order this style​​ × dkny 0b179 smoothies mid-thigh shorts $18.00 $13.50 more hidden button dkny: smoothies mid-thigh shorts 9 reviews colors: details: achieve a smooth silhouette in these mid-thigh shorts comfortably offers light control from tummy to thighs non-binding comfort leg bands won't dig in each color sold seperately soft stretch microfiber and cotton panel featured review: on september 5, 2013 does the job! this was the only shaper short on br that did not have a review complaining that the legs or waist rolled, so i decided to give them a try. sure enough, they stay in place all day: no ride up or down! click to order this style​​ × commando cc303 featherlight mid-thigh shaper $54.00 more hidden button commando: featherlight mid-thigh shaper colors: details: look smooth under clothes in this mid-thigh shaper light control smoothes from waist to thighs seam-free look thanks to laser-cut edges 10'' modest rise; measurement taken from size s lightweight stretch microfiber with cotton panel click to order this style​​ × maidenform dm2550 slim waisters firm control thigh slimmer $38.00 more hidden button maidenform: slim waisters firm control thigh slimmer 2 reviews colors: details: enjoy firm control smoothing in this mid-thigh shaper comfortably shapes tummy, hips, thighs and rear targeted two-ply tummy panel for added shaping smooth leg bands virtually disappears under clothing luxe stretch microfiber featured review: on august 26, 2015 comfortable shaper just purchased second pair in other color. excellent shaper with comfortable fit. not overly tight and great material. smoothes everything out while not feeling stuffed into short. doesn't ride up on legs or roll down on belly. i'm 5'9 and 160, and choose large. so far washing hasn't changed fit. click to order this style​​ × lyssé 1274 medium control stretch twill cigarette pants $98.00 more hidden button lyssé: medium control stretch twill cigarette pants colors: details: stylish twill cigarette pants with faux rear pockets flatten the tummy with the medium control wide waist shapes and smoothes from tummy to thighs discreet back zipper closure and approx. 27.5'' inseam stretch rayon blend click to order this style​​ × assets red hot label by spanx fl4015 structured woven leggings $50.00 more hidden button assets red hot label by spanx : structured woven leggings color: details: your new favorite go-to 360° shaping leggings comfortably smoothes tummy, waist, hips and thighs invisible look thanks to waistband that flattens tummy faux back pockets create a casual yet dressy look approx. 28.5'' inseam click to order this style​​ × yummie by heather thomson yt5-050 harlo inshapes firm control mid-waist short $36.00 more hidden button yummie by heather thomson: harlo inshapes firm control mid-waist short 3 reviews colors: details: zone control mid-thigh shaping panty firm control seamless waist shapes the tummy light control zones smoothes hips and thighs designed to shape your rear for a natural looking lift luxurious, fine-gauge stretch microfiber featured review: on june 3, 2014 perfect fit and comfortable i wore these under my wedding dress, and they were perfect. first, they are comfortable. you can actually breathe in them, unlike some other brands. second, they didn't roll down at the waist or up at the thighs. they stayed where they were supposed to. third, there are no seams to show through. i was wearing a tightly-fitted white dress, and no one could see any seams. finally, they did exactly what they were supposed to do and kept everything where it was supposed to be to create smooth lines - no bulges anywhere. i wore them for more than 12 hours straight and danced and ate and had so much fun, and i never had to stop what i was doing to readjust. click to order this style​​ × lyssé 15040 medium control vegan leather ponte leggings plus size $92.00 more hidden button lyssé: medium control vegan leather ponte leggings plus size color: details: look chic in these ponte leggings with vegan leather offers a smooth look thanks to targeted tummy panel soft leather outer side panels for a sleek, luxe look shapes and smoothes from hips to ankles ponte is a thicker knit, perfect for travel & office click to order this style​​ × tc fine intimates 4139 medium control high-waist thigh slimmer $48.00 more hidden button tc fine intimates: medium control high-waist thigh slimmer 1 review colors: details: feel confident in this medium control mid-thigh slimmer flattens tummy and smoothes waist, hips and thighs prevent ride-up with wonderful edge® silicone bands eliminate panty lines thanks to laser-cut leg bands stretch microfiber and cotton panel featured review: on may 13, 2015 better than a slip i love this brand! the edge silicone really keeps it in place. warning - extra care is needed for laundering if you want it to last. improper care will surely result in the silicone trim turning to "spaghetti" it works great under form fitting dresses. click to order this style​​ × jockey 4137 slimmers everyday shaping seamless tank $30.00 $22.50 more hidden button jockey: slimmers everyday shaping seamless tank 2 reviews colors: details: achieve a seamless look in this light control tank built-in control targets waist for a smooth silhouette 23.5'' long from shoulders; measured from size s luxuriously soft, stretch microfiber featured review: on july 7, 2015 impressed! i normally wear a tank or camisole every single day and consider myself an expert on them, lol. i have now worn this product several times and can honestly say that i am very impressed with it. i am typically a size 10-12 and have a tough time with garments riding up on me and i can truly say that i don't find this to be an issue with this tank. what i do love most about this tank is that is not constricting over my bust; it really doesn't flatten and i wear a 34ddd. the smoothing quality around my tummy is great especially just after having a baby. most other shaping tanks that i own either smooth my tummy and ride up or vice-versa - this tank does both... at the same time :) overall i am really happy with this lightweight shaping tank for everyday use. click to order this style​​ × assets red hot label by spanx 2524 luxe & lean firm control mid-thigh shaper $42.00 more hidden button assets red hot label by spanx : luxe & lean firm control mid-thigh shaper colors: details: slim down in this firm control mid-thigh shaper power mesh overlay slims tummy, hips and thighs smooth bulge-free look thanks to bonded hem cotton panel stretch microfiber with metallic lace detail click to order this style​​ × lyssé 12150 medium control capri leggings plus size $60.00 more hidden button lyssé: medium control capri leggings plus size 7 reviews color: details: feel confident in these medium control capri leggings flatten your tummy with the wide shaping waistband shapes and smoothes from hips to calves approx. 19" inseam ultra-comfy, stretch cotton featured review: on june 2, 2012 this product shapes with comfort i went on an outing and wanted to be comfortable but trendy and these did the job! click to order this style​​ × wolford 184-16 power shape tights $61.00 more hidden button wolford: power shape tights color: details: figure flattering control top tights smooth tummy, hips and thighs with light control unique design helps lift and shape your rear invisible graduation from control area to leg broad comfortable waistband and cotton gusset click to order this style​​ × yummie by heather thomson yt3-120 astor skirt slip $46.00 more hidden button yummie by heather thomson: astor skirt slip colors: details: the perfect layer for under sheer skirts and dresses light control, loose fit slip with laser-cut edges lays smooth on the body a sleek, seamless finish approx. 19.5 inches long light-as-a-feather stretch microfiber click to order this style​​ × tc fine intimates 4005 medium control high-waist brief plus size $46.00 more hidden button tc fine intimates: medium control high-waist brief plus size 1 review colors: details: flatten your tummy with this medium control brief shapes and smoothes torso, waist and hips stays in place with the wonderful edge® silicone-lining smooth, stretch microfiber featured review: on november 25, 2015 not too firm, not too loose, just right love this brief. no pantie lines and does not roll. back to buy in black. wish it was not so expensive but will only buy on sale. click to order this style​​ × commando cc301 featherlight shaping thong $38.00 more hidden button commando: featherlight shaping thong colors: details: look smooth under clothes in this comfy shaping thong light control smoothes the tummy seam-free look thanks to laser-cut edges 10'' modest rise; measurement taken from size m lightweight stretch microfiber with cotton panel click to order this style​​ × yummie by heather thomson yt1-192 mercer medium control hidden panel tank $54.00 more hidden button yummie by heather thomson: mercer medium control hidden panel tank colors: details: medium control shaping tank with hidden control panel shaping spandex tummy panel slims entire waistline non-restrictive fabric over bust for a comfortable fit comfortably accommodates up to an h-cup back adjustable stretch straps click to order this style​​ × jockey 4135 slimmers everyday shaping seamless brief $15.00 $11.25 more hidden button jockey: slimmers everyday shaping seamless brief colors: details: acheive everyday comfort with this light control brief extra wide waistband shapes and smoothes the tummy seamless design eliminates panty lines soft, smooth microfiber for all-day comfort click to order this style​​ × assets red hot label by spanx 2253 sleek slimmers medium contol slip $50.00 more hidden button assets red hot label by spanx : sleek slimmers medium contol slip colors: details: look fabulous in your dress with this convertible slip slims midriff to thighs with targeted tummy compression comfortable fit thanks to non-compression over bust soft fabrication offers a versatile look and feel straps included for criss-cross, halter and traditional click to order this style​​ × lyssé 1519p medium control pixel python ponte knit leggings $78.00 more hidden button lyssé: medium control pixel python ponte knit leggings color: details: stay on trend in python print shaping leggings shapes and smoothes from hips to ankles wide waistband with targeted spandex panel ponte is a thicker knit, perfect for travel & office 29'' inseam; measurement taken from size m click to order this style​​ × ∧ back to top 1 of 2viewing 1-300 of 458view 60 per page ∧ back to top page 1 sleek, slim and sexy shapewear! spanx tights transform a three-season essential into something even greater. these control top tights and shaping tights marry on-trend colors, textures, and patterns with the compression power of shapewear. think of them as chic tights for women tha ... spanx tights transform a three-season essential into something even greater. these control top tights and shaping tights marry on-trend colors, textures, and patterns with the compression power of shapewear. think of them as chic tights for women that work harder than the rest. > more shop at bare necessities about us | fit tips and advice | check out our blog | watch our commercial sign up for email | shop the outlet | work here lift someone up for a chance to win a $50 gift card supporting you 24/7/365 our bra experts are here to help from 8am-6pm est. 1.877.728.9272 1.877.728.9272 email us faq's our promise we believe your shopping experience should be easy. free shipping on orders over $70 60-day hassle-free returns bra fit experts available 8am-6pm est. shop confidently we want you to feel safe, secure and confident at bare necessities. © 1997-2015, bareweb, inc., bare necessities® privacy policy | terms of use close close our apologies...we are experiencing a technical issue with this page. please call us at 1.877.728.9272, 24 hours a day, 7 days a week and we'll gladly help you complete your order. if you prefer, you may also email us at info@barenecessities.com. please include: your name, where on our site you received the error, any questions you may have, and how and when you'd like us to contact you. our business hours are monday-saturday 8am-6pm est. × no thanks close close no thanks close close our apologies...we are experiencing a technical issue with this page. please call us at 1.877.728.9272, 24 hours a day, 7 days a week and we'll gladly help you complete your order. if you prefer, you may also email us at info@barenecessities.com. please include: your name, where on our site you received the error, any questions you may have, and how and when you'd like us to contact you. our business hours are monday-saturday 8am-6pm est. hidden button × × international shipping options select the country you will be shipping to and your preferred billing currency. there was an error. please try again later. select shipping destination afghanistan albania algeria andorra angola anguilla antigua and barbuda armenia aruba australia austria azerbaijan bahamas bahrain bangladesh barbados belarus belgium belize benin bermuda bhutan bolivia bonaire, sint eustatius and saba bosnia and herzegovina botswana brazil brunei darussalam bulgaria burkina faso burundi cã´te d'ivoire cambodia cameroon canada cape verde cayman islands central african republic chad chile china christmas island cocos (keeling) islands colombia comoros congo, democratic republic of the congo, republic of the cook islands costa rica croatia curaã§ao cyprus czech republic denmark djibouti dominica dominican republic ecuador egypt el salvador equatorial guinea eritrea estonia ethiopia falkland islands (malvinas) faroe islands fiji finland france french guiana french polynesia gabon gambia georgia germany ghana gibraltar greece greenland grenada guadeloupe guatemala guernsey guinea guinea-bissau guyana haiti holy see (vatican city state) honduras hong kong hungary iceland india indonesia iraq ireland isle of man israel italy jamaica japan jersey jordan kazakhstan kenya kiribati korea, republic of kosovo kuwait kyrgyzstan lao people's democratic republic latvia lebanon lesotho liberia libya liechtenstein lithuania luxembourg macao macedonia, the former yugoslav republic of madagascar malawi malaysia maldives mali malta marshall islands martinique mauritania mauritius mayotte mexico micronesia, federated states of moldova, republic of monaco mongolia montenegro montserrat morocco mozambique myanmar namibia nauru nepal netherlands new caledonia new zealand nicaragua niger nigeria niue norway oman pakistan palau panama papua new guinea paraguay peru philippines poland portugal qatar rã©union romania russian federation rwanda saint barthã©lemy saint kitts and nevis saint lucia saint pierre and miquelon saint vincent and the grenadines samoa san marino sao tome and principe saudi arabia senegal serbia seychelles sierra leone singapore sint maarten (dutch part) slovakia slovenia solomon islands somalia south africa spain sri lanka suriname swaziland sweden switzerland taiwan tajikistan tanzania, united republic of thailand timor-leste togo tonga trinidad and tobago tunisia turkey turks and caicos islands tuvalu uganda ukraine united arab emirates united kingdom united states uruguay uzbekistan vanuatu vietnam virgin islands, british wallis and futuna yemen zambia zimbabwe select currency australian dollar bahamian dollar bahraini dinar balboa barbados dollar belize dollar boliviano bosnian convertible mark british pound bulgarian lev canadian dollar cayman islands dollar cfa franc bceao cfa franc beac chilean peso colombian peso cordoba oro costa rican colon croatian kuna czech koruna danish krone dominican peso egyptian pound euro guarani hong kong dollar hungarian forint indian rupee indonesian rupiah israeli shekel jamaican dollar japanese yen jordanian dinar korean won kuwaiti dinar lebanese pound lempira lilangeni malayan ringgit mexican peso moroccan dirham namibia dollar nepalese rupee netherlands antillan guilder new romanian leu new zealand dollar norwegian krone omani rial pakistan rupee peruvian nuevo sol philippine peso polish zloty qatari riyal quetzal riel rufiyaa russian ruble saudi riyal singapore dollar south african rand sri lanka rupee swedish krona swiss franc taiwan dollar taka tenge thai baht turkish lira ukraine hryvnia united arab emirates dirham uruguay new peso us dollar yuan renminbi set shipping destination & currency i want to shop as a us customer × free shipping! free shipping on all orders over $150 cad close standard shipping. u.s. orders only. standard shipping. u.s. orders only. × × ×