来源URL: https://web.archive.org/web/20161219071725/http://www.barenecessities.com/Shapewear_catalog_nxs,33.htm
================================================================================

body shapers and shapewear for women | bare necessities skip to main today's deal: sale of the season today: sale of the season today's deal: sale of the season blog track order my account my account my bag 0 search search bras by size bras panties hosiery shapewear sleep swim sexy active men brands clearance menu menu search search search 0 search search menu close menu shop by category what's hot now sleep - up to 50% off bras - up to 50% off jockey - 25% off shapewear - 25% off clearance up to 70% off contemporary lingerie the outlet 3 for $30 panty deals bras bra shop expert bra picks shop by bra size contemporary bras bralettes sports bras underwire dd+ bras t-shirt bras minimizer bras wire-free bras nursing & maternity bras strapless bras racerback bras panties panty shop 3 for $30 panty deals expert panty picks contemporary panties shaping & control briefs multi packs bikinis thongs hi-cut briefs seamless sheer panties boyshorts hosiery hosiery shop tights pantyhose thigh-highs leggings control top knee highs socks shoe liners spanx hosiery buy more & save sleepwear pjs, sleep & lounge pajamas pj bottoms sleepshirts chemises & nightgowns robes slippers sale shapewear shapewear shop spanx controls tummy slims hips & thighs all over control trims torso trims waist shapes rear smoothes back slims legs new arrivals swimwear swim shop bra-sized swimwear slimming swimsuits tankinis one-piece swimsuits bikinis halter swimsuits hi-waisted bikini bottoms dd+ swimsuits shop swim by size sale dd+ bras swimsuits dd+ bras by size dd+ swimwear by size must-have brands expert bra picks new arrivals sale plus size plus size shop bras sexy lingerie shapewear panties hosiery swimsuits shop by bra size expert bra picks new arrivals sale sexy lingerie sexy lingerie shop sexy sets under $40 corsets & bustiers sexy robes teddies bodysuits plus size lingerie babydolls & chemises bodystockings garters & garter belts hosiery best sellers sale activewear activewear shop sports bras tanks & tees capris active pants yoga pants shorts jackets & hoodies active underwear new arrivals sale shoes shoe shop ugg flip flops & sandals slippers sale men's men's shop multi packs boxers boxer briefs briefs performance underwear v-neck crew neck calvin klein polo ralph lauren spanx clearance all women's all men's more categories top rated styles bridal boutique slips and bodysuits luxury lingerie leggings accessories women's new arrivals men's new arrivals popular brands wacoal spanx calvin klein chantelle natori hanky panky bali freya fantasie elomi panache pour moi ashley graham view all brands customer support contact us shipping methods 60 day no hassle returns bra fitters available faqs my account sign in create account track order call 1.877.728.9272 call 1.877.728.9272 home shapewear shapewear 531 results filter by: filters sort best sellers price high-to-low price low-to-high brands a-z brands z-a new arrivals problem area trims torso (189) smoothes back (64) trims waist (78) controls tummy (507) shapes rear (185) slims hips & thighs (114) slims legs (43) all over control (17) close style open bust shapers (38) shaping bodysuit (65) slimming slips (25) slimming camisoles (58) waist cinchers (94) shaping panties (95) high waist panties (33) shapewear thongs (16) mid-thigh shapers (83) shapewear leggings (56) slimming pants (8) shaping hosiery (113) top rated (55) best sellers (50) new arrivals (11) shapewear on sale (113) close brand assets red hot label by spanx (46) bali (16) berkshire (33) bodywrap (13) calvin klein (6) camio mio (3) chantelle (5) charnos (2) commando (18) curvy couture (1) dkny (7) donna karan hosiery (5) elomi (1) falke (2) fine lines (1) hanes (9) hue (13) jockey (8) julie france (14) knock out! (2) le mystère (1) leonisa (5) lyssé (27) maidenform (33) miraclesuit (25) msp by miraclesuit (5) natori (4) olga (1) panache (2) pretty polly (1) simone perele (4) spanx (104) squeem (4) tc fine intimates (29) triumph (2) va bien (5) vanity fair (1) wacoal (15) wolford (6) yummie by heather thomson (52) close size xs (44) s (299) m (321) l (315) xl (353) 1x (348) 2x (178) 3x (77) 4x (26) 5x (16) 6x (15) close sort by: best sellersprice high-to-lowprice low-to-highbrands a-zbrands z-anew arrivals 1 of 9viewing 1-60 of 531view 300 per page shapewear (531 results) camio mio 4278 smoothing thong $20.00 $15.00 sale of the season more hidden button camio mio: smoothing thong 3 reviews colors: details: designed by popular demand for barenecessities.com experience all day comfort in this thong offers a smooth look with targeted tummy panel eliminates muffin top via non-binding waistband 6'' modest rise; measurement taken from size m featured review: on december 7, 2016 great buy. i will give my purchase a 9 out of 10, nothing is perfect. click to order this style​​ × camio mio 4074 smoothing hi-cut brief $20.00 $15.00 sale of the season more hidden button camio mio: smoothing hi-cut brief 24 reviews colors: details: designed by popular demand for barenecessities.com comfortable, full coverage hi-cut brief offers a smooth look with targeted tummy panel eliminates muffin top via non-binding waistband no vpl thanks to laser-cut technology featured review: on november 22, 2016 perfect! best fit, comfortable and smooths out bulges. a wardrobe "must have". click to order this style​​ × camio mio 4276 smoothing boyshort $20.00 $15.00 sale of the season more hidden button camio mio: smoothing boyshort colors: details: designed by popular demand for barenecessities.com experience comfort in these full coverage boyshorts offers a smooth look with targeted tummy panel eliminates muffin top via non-binding waistband no vpl due to precision cut leg bands click to order this style​​ × spanx 128 tight-end tights shaping opaque $22.00 buy 2 for $40! more hidden button spanx: tight-end tights shaping opaque 22 reviews colors: details: you'll love the feel of these opaque shaping tights shapes & firms tummy, hips, thighs and rear feel the comfort the non-binding waistband has to offer reinforcement & comfort thanks to rounded toe seams coolmax wicks sweat away from feet featured review: on november 16, 2016 just what i needed i've had these a month and i have to stop myself from wearing them every day. they aren't too tight, but feel very secure and comfortable. most importantly, i haven't managed to destroy them yet, which usually happens within 2 days! highly recommend. click to order this style​​ × spanx 167 tight-end tights shaping high-waist opaque $28.00 buy 2 for $48! more hidden button spanx: tight-end tights shaping high-waist opaque 12 reviews color: details: you'll love the quality of these high-waist tights shapes & firms tummy, hips, thighs and rear experience the comfort of the non-binding waistband matte yarns and unique toe design for a flattering look cotton double-gusset for your convenience featured review: on july 5, 2016 well made, but extremely too hard to put on. i was so excited to get my spanx. they were made extremely well, but i just could not get them on. i even bought a size larger. if anyone has a secret of getting spanx on share it with me. click to order this style​​ × yummie by heather thomson yt5-003 nici seamlessly shaped everyday shaping briefie $18.00 buy 2 for $30! more hidden button yummie by heather thomson: nici seamlessly shaped everyday shaping briefie 34 reviews colors: details: minimize panty lines in this seamless, light control brief control the tummy with the double lined waistband inspirational messages on inner waistband 6'' modest rise; measurement taken from size m/l smooth, stretch microfiber featured review: on august 8, 2016 love it! i bought this underware last month and it fits me so perfectly. click to order this style​​ × yummie by heather thomson yt5-007 jasmina seamlessly shaped everyday shaping thong $18.00 buy 2 for $30! more hidden button yummie by heather thomson: jasmina seamlessly shaped everyday shaping thong 29 reviews colors: details: minimize panty lines in a seamless, light control thong control the tummy with the double lined waistband 7.5'' modest rise; measurement taken from size m/l smooth, stretch microfiber featured review: on december 3, 2016 covers my lower pooch! i love this. it fits comfortably. i ordered a size medium and was perfect. i wear them and it flattens my lower pooch and can't even notice the through any dress i wear. click to order this style​​ × dkny 412nb opaque control top tights $16.00 buy 2 for $25! more hidden button dkny: opaque control top tights 6 reviews colors: details: flatter you legs in these must have tights shape your waist with the built-in control top comfort waistband and premium leg construction 60 denier, opaque stretch microfiber featured review: on december 11, 2016 great tights i have bought these before and love them! they stayout click to order this style​​ × hue 6620 super opaque control top tights $15.00 buy 2 for $24! more hidden button hue: super opaque control top tights 20 reviews colors: details: update your wardrobe with colorful opaque tights smoothes your tummy with the control top comfortable wide waistband and durable reinforced toes 90 denier, opaque stretch nylon featured review: on august 9, 2016 good product and sent on time good product, nice color, good customer service, delivery was on time and a good tracking service click to order this style​​ × spanx 2745 power series medium control higher power short $38.00 more hidden button spanx: power series medium control higher power short 25 reviews colors: details: smoother results with less squeeze in this shaper targets the stomach and provides 360 degrees of support eliminates muffin top with a medium control high-waist defines your rear with the ruching detail no-slip strip at waistband for a stay-put fit featured review: on december 11, 2016 works very well i bought these for my wedding. i have used them once or twice before the wedding and i was very surprised how well they work. they really help hold it all in. granted it helps if you are dieting or working out to have something to work with, but it was the great extra tuck i wanted! click to order this style​​ × assets red hot label by spanx 1663 firm control leggings $38.00 more hidden button assets red hot label by spanx : firm control leggings 19 reviews color: details: legs look sleek in these firm control leggings flatten the tummy with the double-layer waistband soft waist and leg bands won't dig in approx. 23'' inseam opaque stretch nylon featured review: on december 7, 2016 super soft and very comfortable i bought these a few weeks ago and wear them often- they are perfect with leggings and tall boots. i love spanx leggings! click to order this style​​ × spanx 101 all the way firm control pantyhose $28.00 buy 2 for $48! more hidden button spanx: all the way firm control pantyhose 13 reviews colors: details: flatter your legs with these firm control pantyhose shapes & firms tummy, hips, thighs and rear experience the softness of the non-binding waistband no vpl thanks to laser-cut technology cotton gusset and invisible reinforced toe for comfort featured review: on december 14, 2016 my favorite hose! absolutely love these hose! won't choose any other brand after wearing these ? click to order this style​​ × donna karan hosiery a19 the nudes control top $13.99-$20.00 sale of the season more hidden button donna karan hosiery: the nudes control top 14 reviews colors: +2 more details: match your skin for a flawless look in these pantyhose shape your waist with the built-in control top invisible reinforced toe 10 denier, ultra-sheer, stretch nylon featured review: on september 19, 2016 these are the best pantyhose i have every had! the color, feel, and fit of the doona karan brand is perfect. i have had stockings that bag, but theses maintain their shape and cling to the legs appropriately. it feels as if a person has no stockings on at all, yet the legs look beautiful. click to order this style​​ × lyssé 1219 medium control tight ankle leggings $41.99-$60.00 sale of the season more hidden button lyssé: medium control tight ankle leggings 37 reviews colors: details: feel confident in these medium control leggings smoothes tummy thanks to targeted spandex panel 27.5'' inseam; measurement taken from size m ultra-comfy, stretch cotton featured review: on october 26, 2016 different than the last ones i purchased the same leggings many times before and these are different. they are much tighter around the waist and harder to get over my hips. click to order this style​​ × bali 8l10 lace 'n smooth firm control bodysuit $56.00 $42.00 sale of the season more hidden button bali: lace 'n smooth firm control bodysuit 39 reviews colors: details: achieve all-over slimming in this lace bodysuit comfortable stretch lace offers 360° of control mirror your shape in double-layer underwire cups wear your favorite tops with this low-back bodysuit fully adjustable, non-stretch straps featured review: on november 4, 2016 excellent just as described-this is the right size and feels good click to order this style​​ × va bien 1509 strapless low back slimming bodysuit $85.00 more hidden button va bien: strapless low back slimming bodysuit 29 reviews colors: details: your go-to shaping bodysuit for low back dresses flatten your tummy with the light control powernet mesh added control and support thanks to the built-in boning patented ultra-lift boned foam-lined underwire cups prevent panty lines with the thong back design featured review: on october 21, 2016 holds the girls! i bought this to wear under my wedding dress. i am measured a natural 32ddd, 28"waist,40"hips and it fit great! i ordered a 32e and it fit great! it held the girls up and won't need much adjusting throughout the night. i tested it without the straps, so if i added the straps it would have even more support. the reason it has 4 stars is because the thing area (which has snaps so you can go potty) is one size fits all so it's a little loose. also it provides light support so if you need firm support i would consider wearing another shaper that is low and using this one just for the upper waist and chest. also the back is very low as described, this would be a great addition not only for a low cut dress, but any strapless top as well! keep in mind you will have to wiggle into it as it has little to no stretch, which isn't too bad if you don't rush it or have a couple of friends to help you into it. click to order this style​​ × hue 5970n so sexy french lace sheers control top pantyhose $9.50 buy 2 for $16! more hidden button hue: so sexy french lace sheers control top pantyhose 27 reviews colors: details: sexy sheer pantyhose with a built-in lace panty beautiful lace panty has firming tummy control unique invisible control for hips and thighs ultra-comfortable elastic waistband pair with sandals thanks to invisible reinforced toe featured review: on november 26, 2016 favorite summer tights these are my favorite summer tights for work. they are pretty and fairly sheer. the lace detail is nice but mostly beneficial because you don't have to worry about an opaque thigh part showing if you wear something flowy or a little short. these almost always last 4-5 wears for me, though they are a little delicate and they are tights so you have to be careful to avoid snags. click to order this style​​ × calvin klein hosiery 620f sheer essentials matte control top pantyhose $14.00 more hidden button calvin klein hosiery: sheer essentials matte control top pantyhose 3 reviews colors: details: almost bare, sleek leg coverage matte pantyhose shape your waist with the built-in control top non-binding, smooth elastic waistband cotton panel and invisible reinforced sandal toe ultra-sheer, 15 denier stretch nylon featured review: on april 13, 2016 great stockings i always come back to these pantyhose. they fit great and are long lasting click to order this style​​ × spanx ss1715 oncore firm control bodysuit $98.00 more hidden button spanx: oncore firm control bodysuit 5 reviews colors: details: sculpt & slim your silhouette with this powerful shaper completely seamless and smooth for a streamlined look targeted shaping zones shape all the right areas shapes tummy, hips, thighs and gives your rear a lift keep your natural shape with molded, unlined cups featured review: on december 10, 2016 comfortable i bought this thinking i wasn't going to like it as i have purchased other spank products and had to return them. this bodysuit is a firm fit but very comfortable to wear all day long. the only negative is putting it on. you really need to struggle with it. click to order this style​​ × miraclesuit 2783 sexy sheer extra firm control bodysuit $62.00 more hidden button miraclesuit: sexy sheer extra firm control bodysuit 33 reviews colors: details: feel confident with this firm control shaping bodysuit completely shapes and smoothes tummy, hips, and rear supportive underwire, double-layer molded mesh cups wonderful edge silicone lining on rear leg bands moderate coverage with rear defining center back seam featured review: on july 13, 2016 true to size exactly what i was looking for fits well. quality material. breathable. however,should offer more support. click to order this style​​ × spanx 20025r luxe leg sheers firm control pantyhose $28.00 buy 2 for $48! more hidden button spanx: luxe leg sheers firm control pantyhose 4 reviews colors: details: experience luxe firm control in these shaping pantyhose sleek built-in shaper sculpts tummy, hips, thighs and rear soft-touch, 3d yarn construction with amazing stretch & recovery completely smooth look thanks to new, flat center seam luxurious leg offers a comfortable all day fit and invisible look featured review: on july 27, 2016 great fit and a good feel. will take the place of the wolford pantyhose that i have been wearing for years. click to order this style​​ × assets red hot label by spanx 1842 firm control high-waist mid-thigh shaper $28.00 more hidden button assets red hot label by spanx : firm control high-waist mid-thigh shaper 7 reviews colors: details: slim down in this high-waist mid-thigh shaper slims waist, hips and thighs and firms rear banishes muffin top thanks to targeted waistline designed to fit like second skin - no vpl no bulging on thighs due to legband-free design featured review: on october 28, 2016 stays in place beautifully i was concerned that product will roll down at ribs or up at the legs but it did not. not constricting and it's very comfortable. edges are smooth and not showing under clothes. very happy with my purchase! click to order this style​​ × spanx 914n in-power line sheers firm control high-waist pantyhose $28.00 buy 2 for $48! more hidden button spanx: in-power line sheers firm control high-waist pantyhose 3 reviews colors: details: experience firm control in these high-waist pantyhose smoothes midriff, hips, thighs and rear eliminate muffin top with sleek built-in shaper legs look better than naked with cling-free yarns invisible, reinforced toe featured review: on october 18, 2016 very durable but too hard to get on. i prefer the lower waist version, which is excellent. i don't need the high waist control. regardless of that, they look nice and are of very high quality. click to order this style​​ × spanx fh3915 luxe leg tights $28.00 buy 2 for $48! more hidden button spanx: luxe leg tights colors: details: you'll love the comfortable shaping this tight has to offer shapes & firms tummy, hips, thighs and rear experience the comfort of the plush, non-binding waistband matte yarns and unique reinforced toe design cotton blend double-gusset for easy convenience click to order this style​​ × spanx fh4315 luxe leg high waist tights $38.00 more hidden button spanx: luxe leg high waist tights colors: details: you'll love the comfortable shaping this high-waist tight offers shapes & firms tummy, hips, thighs and rear experience the comfort of the plush, non-binding waistband matte yarns and unique reinforced toe design cotton blend double-gusset for easy convenience click to order this style​​ × miraclesuit 2802 extra firm control comfort leg bodysuit $70.00 more hidden button miraclesuit: extra firm control comfort leg bodysuit 6 reviews colors: details: feel confident with this firm control shaping bodysuit comfortably, shapes midriff, tummy, back and rear supportive underwire, double-layer molded mesh cups wonderful edge silicone lining keeps legbands in place seamless comfort legbands won't dig and minimizes vpl featured review: on may 27, 2016 great comfort& control bought 2 a month ago. was so pleased it was per bra size, fit well and gave firming control under the garment. click to order this style​​ × maidenform dm1007 endlessly smooth firm control convertible slip $66.00 $49.50 sale of the season more hidden button maidenform: endlessly smooth firm control convertible slip 3 reviews colors: details: achieve a sculpted silhouette in this firm control slip comfortably smoothes tummy, waist, hips and thighs great support with foam underwire cups and side boning adjustable stretch straps included traditional straps convert to criss-cross, halter and close-set featured review: on august 14, 2016 perfect! i absolutely love this. comfortable, perfect fit, easy to put on and perfect for low back dresses. click to order this style​​ × dkny 0a729 opaque control top tights $6.99-$14.50 sale of the season more hidden button dkny: opaque control top tights 10 reviews colors: details: control and comfort combined in these modern tights shape your waist with the built-in control top 30 denier, semi-opaque stretch nylon featured review: on december 2, 2016 my favorites these are by far, my favorite tights. they are so soft and super resilient. they last for years with proper care. click to order this style​​ × berkshire 4411 queen ultra sheers pantyhose $8.95 buy 3 for $25! more hidden button berkshire: queen ultra sheers pantyhose 14 reviews colors: +4 more details: get a hint of color in these ultra-sheer pantyhose shape your waist with the built-in, firm control top pair with open-toe shoes thanks to sandalfoot design 15 denier, stretch nylon featured review: on july 29, 2016 why not put then in stores. i have been buying theses hose for some time now. at one time, i found them in the stores. not anymore. the are for the larger lady who wants to be up to date, wares the latest shoes and classic fashions. why not put them in stores? they carry them for the small sizes. we want to look and feel good too. style 4411 fit wonderful. i love them. don't ever stop producing them. i recommended them to two of my friends who love them also. click to order this style​​ × lyssé 1519 medium control ponte knit leggings $78.00 more hidden button lyssé: medium control ponte knit leggings 10 reviews colors: details: stylish shaping leggings with stitched seam down front perfect for travel & office; ponte is a thicker knit flatten the tummy with the medium control wide waist shapes and smoothes from hips to ankles ankle length - approx. 26'' inseam featured review: on february 19, 2016 i love them so far... these are my first leggings and i own three colors. i am 5'5, 125 pounds (size 4) and the medium works for me. the only concern i have is that some reviewers on various sites have said they have torn on the seams, but so far they have been great for me. the colors fit a bit different but it is not enough to be a problem. click to order this style​​ × hanes ob184 silk reflections high-waist control top pantyhose $9.50 buy 3 for $25! more hidden button hanes: silk reflections high-waist control top pantyhose 24 reviews colors: details: smooth & sleek down to your toes in these pantyhose high-waist controls & slims from below bust to hips eliminate lines with the flat seams pair with open-toe shoes thanks to sandalfoot design 15 denier, silky sheer nylon featured review: on september 19, 2016 silk reflections high waist control top pantyhose i purchased these in quantities three months ago, i found them to be very durable, and comfortable. i am now ready to purchase a new order in quantities, since i cannot find the colors and sizes in departments stores. click to order this style​​ × spanx 10042r trust your thinstincts everyday shaping bodysuit $58.00 more hidden button spanx: trust your thinstincts everyday shaping bodysuit colors: details: this light control tank bodysuit offers a comfortable fit targeted zoning smoothes tummy non-compression over bust for a total transformation stretch straps are non-adjustable easy hook and eye gusset for bathroom accessibility click to order this style​​ × spanx ss5615 shape my day firm control open-bust bodysuit $84.00 more hidden button spanx: shape my day firm control open-bust bodysuit 6 reviews colors: details: experience firm control in this open-bust bodysuit firms tummy, hips, thighs and rear targeted zone compression thanks to seamless yarns rear stays perky with innovative butt pockets back adjustable stretch straps featured review: on november 5, 2016 very pleased this shape wear is exactly what i wanted to wear under dresses, skirts and slacks. it is easy to put on, wears comfortably and stays put. i am very pleased with this purchase. click to order this style​​ × spanx sp0515 undie-tectable lace hipster $24.00 more hidden button spanx: undie-tectable lace hipster 16 reviews colors: details: eliminate panty lines in this light control hipster comfort waistband smoothes the tummy no-show lace offers next-to-nothing feel 6.5" modest rise; measurement taken from size m luxurious stretch microfiber and lace with cotton panel featured review: on october 20, 2016 love these i bought one in nude, and then ordered more in black and nude. i wear them almost daily under everything but lower waisted pants. click to order this style​​ × hanes 717 silk reflections sheer toe control top pantyhose $9.00 buy 3 for $25! more hidden button hanes: silk reflections sheer toe control top pantyhose 9 reviews colors: details: shape your waist in these silky, control top pantyhose pair with open-toe shoes thanks to the sheer toe 15 denier, stretch nylon and cotton gusset featured review: on june 11, 2016 got what i needed! happy that you carried the hanes silk reflections, sheer toe, a/b, in light colors. i had been looking all over. you had them, and they were discounted! fabulous. thank you. click to order this style​​ × hanes 718 silk reflections reinforced toe control top pantyhose $9.00 buy 3 for $25! more hidden button hanes: silk reflections reinforced toe control top pantyhose 5 reviews colors: details: sleek fit and flawless finish in these silky pantyhose shape your waist with the built-in control top roll-resistant waist won't chafe or dig resist wear & tear with the reinforced toe 15 denier, stretch nylon featured review: on june 30, 2016 sheerness i have always wore hanes control top panty hose, i prefer the reinforced toes. i wish you had the reinforce toes in the color pearl. click to order this style​​ × bali x204 everyday smoothing firm control brief 2-pack $36.00 $27.00 sale of the season more hidden button bali: everyday smoothing firm control brief 2-pack 24 reviews colors: details: the everyday smoothing panty that you just need to have comfortable, firm control shaping full brief, 2-pack 6'' rise; measurement taken from size s completely seam-free, smooth microfiber featured review: on november 25, 2016 comfortable yet firm first i ordered the large because of the size chart, however, they turned out to be to big. i then ordered the medium which was a far better choice in fit. click to order this style​​ × berkshire 5051 firm all the way bottom's up shaping pantyhose $14.00 buy 2 for $25! more hidden button berkshire: firm all the way bottom's up shaping pantyhose 12 reviews colors: details: shape your rear in these bottom-enhancing pantyhose firms and shapes your bottom and flattens tummy lifts and tones from toes up with graduated compression performs like a concealer for your legs pair with open-toe shoes thanks to sheer toe featured review: on november 7, 2016 they really work! i love these! they actually do keep my body smooth & taut...not squished like a sausage but uplifted & svelt! i purchased "bisque" color as i have fair skin; size small (i wear clothing size 4/6). they wash by hand easily & hang dry quickly. terrific product!! click to order this style​​ × tc fine intimates 4242 full fit firm control camisole $70.00 more hidden button tc fine intimates: full fit firm control camisole 5 reviews colors: details: smooth it out with this firm control shaping camisole slims and smoothes entire waistline and midriff built-in shelf bra has molded cups for natural looking shape keep breasts centered with inner side cups slings prevent ride-up with wonderful edge® silicone on hem featured review: on august 9, 2016 best shape wear ever! i have been wearing the tc full fit firm camisole for close to 10 years and for me it is absolutely wonderful. i am a breast cancer survivor and have had a mastectomy and re-construction, this is the only bra i can comfortably wear and look half way normal. i also have severe scoliosis, firm control is very supportive and does not cause me pain. i do not know what i would wear if i had not found this camisole. thank you tc and thank you bare necessities for your great pricing. btw, i am getting used to the "new" design of the tc full fit firm control camisole. click to order this style​​ × spanx fl3515 seamless all day shaping leggings $68.00 more hidden button spanx: seamless all day shaping leggings colors: details: comfortable everyday shaping leggings full coverage firm control waistband flattens tummy seamless design smoothes rear and thighs 28'' inseam; measurement taken from size s quailty stretch nylon offers an impeccable fit click to order this style​​ × assets red hot label by spanx 20028r firm control high-waist pantyhose $18.00 more hidden button assets red hot label by spanx : firm control high-waist pantyhose 2 reviews colors: details: banish muffin top in these firm control, high-waist pantyhose strong yarns slim your entire torso georgeous sheer legs feel amazing on the skin dig-free fit thanks to the smooth waistband invisible, reinforced toe for durability featured review: on june 14, 2016 perfect undergarment i bought these for my son's wedding and did not want to wear both panty hose and a spanx foundation. these fit the bill because the hose is connected to a high waist foundation. i decided to order a size up and happy that i did because they take a bit of effort to put on. they were very comfortable all day and the seam did not show through the dress. highly recommend. click to order this style​​ × bali x710 tummy panel medium control brief 2-pack $34.00 $25.50 sale of the season more hidden button bali: tummy panel medium control brief 2-pack 10 reviews colors: details: feel shaped and smoothed with this full coverage panty smooth out your look with the targeted tummy panel convenient 2-pack so you'll always have one on hand 7.5'' modest rise; measurement taken from size m shimmering stretch microfiber with cotton panel featured review: on september 16, 2016 must comfortable i bought the bali medium control brief to try after reading other reviews. i was pleasantly surprised how comfortable they are and your sizing chart is truly to to size. they fit smooth to the body without any rolling to the waist or leg. best purchase i made and i have tried many brands. click to order this style​​ × hue 4690 opaque control top tights $15.00 buy 2 for $24! more hidden button hue: opaque control top tights 9 reviews colors: details: opaque coverage tights with medium control shape your waist with the built-in control top 40 denier, stretch nylon featured review: on february 24, 2013 great product and made in the usa!! i am 58 years old and have gotten away from "dressing up". i like comfort, but i like to look nice too. these tights s are awesome! i will use them under jeans on a cold day to keep warmer and then wear them with my dress to a party with semi-formal affair! i use control top because i like the snug feel and they do not sag or bag - i have not tried these in non control top - just my nylon experience, lol. many times i tried colored nylons, but they were always streaky and of course nylons run. i would have loved to have these around in the 80's! they add a whole other level to my wardrobe! and so many colors! i have had some of these tights for 3 years. you have to take cautions like with all good cloths - no detergent -watch the rough finger nail when putting them on - you get the picture ladies! my years of wearing the few expensive suits i could mix and match (could not afford and did not want a big wardrobe) are behind me. although my clothes were always comfortable - today i am into relaxed comfort! try these - you will not regret it. click to order this style​​ × va bien 1191 firm control bodysuit $60.00 more hidden button va bien: firm control bodysuit 12 reviews colors: details: flatten your midsection in this firm control bodysuit mirror your natural shape with unlined, molded cups added lift with foam-lined slings in underwire cups gently cushion the shoulders with the comfort straps hook and eye, cotton gusset for convenience featured review: on april 19, 2016 great control smooth firm support with nice quality. click to order this style​​ × spanx 005b tight-end tights shaping reversible opaque $34.00 more hidden button spanx: tight-end tights shaping reversible opaque 8 reviews colors: details: you'll love these reversible tights with light control shapes & firms tummy, hips, thighs and rear offers a smooth look thanks to non-binding waistband wear without underwear thanks to cotton gusset reinforced toe & coolmax® wicks sweat away from feet featured review: on november 17, 2013 nice fit and feel like the idea of two colors in one. the fit is comfortable and they do not need to be constantly pulled up. the look is smooth and they feel as nice as they look. click to order this style​​ × bali x70j tummy panel shaping brief 2-pack $30.00 $22.50 sale of the season more hidden button bali: tummy panel shaping brief 2-pack 19 reviews colors: details: the perfect panty for when you need that extra control smooth out your tummy with the built-in tummy panel convenient 2-pack so you'll always have one on hand 8'' modest rise; measurement taken from size m shimmering stretch microfiber with cotton panel featured review: on november 25, 2016 comfortable i have worn this brief a couple of times now and can say it is very comfortable but only a little hold...nice material click to order this style​​ × lyssé 1202 medium control side slit leggings $68.00 more hidden button lyssé: medium control side slit leggings 9 reviews colors: details: achieve an hour-glass figure in medium control leggings flattens tummy thanks to targeted spandex panel shapes and smoothes hips 25.5'' inseam; measurement taken from size s ultra-comfy, stretch cotton featured review: on july 9, 2016 the best quality leggings for support!!! lysse legging are the only leggings i wear. i wish they would make more styles in the 86% 14%. i only buy that mixture because they hold you in the most. they should also make the full length leggings offered for short people so i don't have to tuck them under. the quality of the material is the best !!!! click to order this style​​ × assets red hot label by spanx 1841 firm control high-waist panty $28.00 more hidden button assets red hot label by spanx : firm control high-waist panty 14 reviews colors: details: slim down in this firm control high-waist shaping panty banishes muffin top thanks to targeted waistline smooth look due to targeted tummy panel legband-free means no bulging on the thighs cotton panel featured review: on september 16, 2016 so comfirtable i bought this panty to wear under a dress that was a bit too tight! i was amazed at how comfortable it was and the amount of control it offered! i ordered a 2 and really could have used the smaller size. it washed beautifully and its on my "to wear" list this week! click to order this style​​ × wacoal 801210 visual effects minimizing medium control bodysuit $85.00 more hidden button wacoal: visual effects minimizing medium control bodysuit 1 review colors: details: achieve the perfect silhouette in this shaping bodysuit medium control built-in power mesh smoothes torso minimizing mesh-lined underwire cups reduce 1'' of bust size covered elastic leg bands ensures bodysuit stays in place customize the fit with adjustable stretch straps featured review: on september 14, 2016 at last i love the smooth affect that a bodysuit gives me. i am over 65, and gravity has taken over my body. although i wear a 6 or 8, i am full busted and finding an affordable bodysuit that also minimizes, is next to impossible. thank you wacoal! this suit is awesome. bought both the black and neutral colors. my only comment would be that i wish the back was a little lower, but i am delighted with the overall garment and fit. click to order this style​​ × yummie by heather thomson yt5-029 sylvie seamlessly shaped comfort control camisole $34.00 buy 2 for $58! more hidden button yummie by heather thomson: sylvie seamlessly shaped comfort control camisole 4 reviews colors: details: slim your waistline in this medium control camisole body temperature is regulated with outlast® fabric fits up to a g-cup; non-restrictive fabric over bust customize the fit with back adjustable stretch straps 21'' long from shoulders; measured from size s/m featured review: on may 6, 2015 excellent slimming tanks i love these tanks, i wear one almost daily under everything. they are slimming but not too tight. they are lightweight enough as to not get to hot. click to order this style​​ × bali 8l14 lace ’n smooth firm control brief $24.00 $18.00 sale of the season more hidden button bali: lace ’n smooth firm control brief 16 reviews colors: details: a functional and pretty lace brief that does it all this comfy, yet firm control brief shapes and smoothes smooth lace pattern won't show under clothes no more riding up with this full rear coverage design 8'' modest rise; measurement taken from size m featured review: on august 30, 2016 great hold love it, good quality, good hold. highly recommend. click to order this style​​ × yummie by heather thomson yt2-179 rachel cotton control everyday shaping leggings $49.50 more hidden button yummie by heather thomson: rachel cotton control everyday shaping leggings 2 reviews colors: details: all-day comfort in these medium control shaping leggings extended waist for extra tummy control comfortably slims tummy, hips and thighs 27.5'' inseam; measurement taken from size s opaque stretch cotton featured review: on october 25, 2016 great leggings - confusing sizing these are wonderful leggings especially with a wide, comfortable waistband and breathable cotton. the size chart is confusing though. by measurements i ordered a medium (8-10) but they were too tight. i reordered a large but on the chart this would be a 14-16 - there is no size 12 equivalent (?). i'' guessing this has resulted in more than just my return with the associated extra cost. click to order this style​​ × miraclesuit 2726 inches off firm control slimming cincher $58.00 more hidden button miraclesuit: inches off firm control slimming cincher colors: details: get in shape with this extra-firm control high-waist cincher powerful waist cincher slims and smoothes entire waistline get an ultra-smooth look thanks to added 2-ply tummy panel keep cool with breathable side and back mesh panels convenient hook and eye front closure allows for easy on/off click to order this style​​ × maidenform 2656 instant slimmer® firm control open-bust bodysuit $57.00 $42.75 sale of the season more hidden button maidenform: instant slimmer® firm control open-bust bodysuit 12 reviews colors: details: wear your own bra firm control shaping bodysuit shapes and slims below the bust to hips targeted, two-ply tummy panel for extra control comfortably smoothes out back bulge hook and eye cotton gusset featured review: on october 28, 2016 loving it i've worn it all day without discomfort. sized just right and love the softer fabric under arms and upper back. no bulges! click to order this style​​ × assets red hot label by spanx 20027r firm control shaping pantyhose $16.00 more hidden button assets red hot label by spanx : firm control shaping pantyhose 4 reviews colors: details: banish muffin top in these firm control pantyhose strong yarns slim your tummy, hips and thighs georgeous sheer legs feel amazing on the skin dig-free fit thanks to the smooth waistband invisible, reinforced toe for durability featured review: on september 25, 2016 wonderful product, great prices.. again, a wonderful transaction. i am always happy with bare necessities...delivery is fast and either reasonable or free shipping, they have excellent sales. click to order this style​​ × donna karan hosiery ob108 signature ultra-sheer control top pantyhose $20.00 more hidden button donna karan hosiery: signature ultra-sheer control top pantyhose 10 reviews colors: details: smooth your flaws and tone your legs in these pantyhose shape your waist with the built-in control top sandalfoot - perfect for open-toe shoes 10 denier, ultra-sheer, stretch nylon featured review: on december 2, 2016 sheer and comfortable pantyhose i am a big fan of dk hosiery and this style is my favorite. they hold up well and are great for the office or a night on the town. the control panty provides a lot of support and they are tight fitting in the legs. click to order this style​​ × bodywrap 44841 firm control high-waist thong $38.00 more hidden button bodywrap: firm control high-waist thong 17 reviews colors: details: achieve that polished, sharp look under your clothes wide, comfortable high waist provides firm control targeted control zones exactly where you need it smoothes entire tummy and waist for a seamless look seamless, stretch silky microfiber featured review: on september 8, 2016 very comfortable and flattering! i bought this to wear with my white capris and to give a smoother look and find i am wearing it with everything! it is so comfortable and flattering. i am ordering more click to order this style​​ × spanx 1064an look-at-me firm control cotton leggings $68.00 more hidden button spanx: look-at-me firm control cotton leggings 5 reviews color: details: these seamless leggings feature undie-tectable shaping offers a smooth look thanks to targeted tummy panel all-over smoothing shapes legs, hips, thighs and rear approx. 25'' inseam luxe stretch cotton blend featured review: on november 16, 2016 favorite leggings i purchased the spanx look at me firm control cotton leggings. i must admit when i first took them out of the package they looked like they might fit a six year old! however, they are super strecthy and my favorite leggings i've ever worn. click to order this style​​ × bodywrap 44000 firm control wire-free bodysuit $74.00 more hidden button bodywrap: firm control wire-free bodysuit 14 reviews colors: details: achieve a sexy silhouette in this firm control bodysuit shapes and slims waist, thighs and hips and lifts rear mirror your natural shape in unlined wire-free cups adjustable stretch straps won't slip no closure - step into it like a bathing suit! featured review: on november 15, 2016 snug and easy this is the fourth time i have been back to purchase this style. i always feel like i'm wearing nothing at all, yet am slimmer and trimmer. highly recommended. click to order this style​​ × yummie by heather thomson ya2-007 milan active cotton shaping leggings $76.00 more hidden button yummie by heather thomson: milan active cotton shaping leggings 1 review color: details: get comfy in these cotton medium control shaping leggings extended waist for extra tummy control shapes and smoothes tummy, hips and thighs 28" inseam; measurement taken from size s perfect for yoga and zumba featured review: on november 4, 2016 love these leggings! great fit. these leggings feel great on! comfortable, yet shaping. click to order this style​​ × ∧ back to top 1 of 9viewing 1-60 of 531view 300 per page page 1 sleek, slim and sexy shapewear! spanx tights transform a three-season essential into something even greater. these control top tights and shaping tights marry on-trend colors, textures, and patterns with the compression power of shapewear. think of them as chic tights for women tha ... spanx tights transform a three-season essential into something even greater. these control top tights and shaping tights marry on-trend colors, textures, and patterns with the compression power of shapewear. think of them as chic tights for women that work harder than the rest. > more back to top fit tips & advice bra sizing how to measure your bra size bra fit checklist bra style guide sports bra guide the sports bra handbook swimsuit guide swim fit checklist customer support contact us shipping info shipping information bra fitters available bra fitters available faqs 60 day returns about bare necessities our history email sign-up sign-up for email careers blog see our video e-gift certificates my account sign in create account track order my account sign in create account track order need help? we're here! 1.877.728.9272 1.877.728.9272 ship to: © 1997-2016, bareweb, inc., bare necessities® privacy policy | interest based ads | terms of use close close our apologies...we are experiencing a technical issue with this page. please call us at 1.877.728.9272, 24 hours a day, 7 days a week and we'll gladly help you complete your order. if you prefer, you may also email us at info@barenecessities.com. please include: your name, where on our site you received the error, any questions you may have, and how and when you'd like us to contact you. our business hours are monday-saturday 8am-6pm est. × our apologies...we are experiencing a technical issue with this page. please call us at 1.877.728.9272, 24 hours a day, 7 days a week and we'll gladly help you complete your order. if you prefer, you may also email us at info@barenecessities.com. please include: your name, where on our site you received the error, any questions you may have, and how and when you'd like us to contact you. our business hours are monday-saturday 8am-6pm est. hidden button × × international shipping options select the country you will be shipping to and your preferred billing currency. there was an error. please try again later. select shipping destination afghanistan albania algeria andorra angola anguilla antigua and barbuda armenia aruba australia austria azerbaijan bahamas bahrain bangladesh barbados belarus belgium belize benin bermuda bhutan bolivia bonaire, sint eustatius and saba bosnia and herzegovina botswana brazil brunei darussalam bulgaria burkina faso burundi cã´te d'ivoire cambodia cameroon canada cape verde cayman islands central african republic chad chile china christmas island cocos (keeling) islands colombia comoros congo, democratic republic of the congo, republic of the cook islands costa rica croatia curaã§ao cyprus czech republic denmark djibouti dominica dominican republic ecuador egypt el salvador equatorial guinea eritrea estonia ethiopia falkland islands (malvinas) faroe islands fiji finland france french guiana french polynesia gabon gambia georgia germany ghana gibraltar greece greenland grenada guadeloupe guatemala guernsey guinea guinea-bissau guyana haiti holy see (vatican city state) honduras hong kong hungary iceland india indonesia iraq ireland isle of man israel italy jamaica japan jersey jordan kazakhstan kenya kiribati korea, republic of kuwait kyrgyzstan lao people's democratic republic latvia lebanon lesotho liberia libya liechtenstein lithuania luxembourg macao macedonia, the former yugoslav republic of madagascar malawi malaysia maldives mali malta marshall islands martinique mauritania mauritius mayotte mexico micronesia, federated states of moldova, republic of monaco mongolia montenegro montserrat morocco mozambique myanmar namibia nauru nepal netherlands new caledonia new zealand nicaragua niger nigeria niue norway oman pakistan palau panama papua new guinea paraguay peru philippines poland portugal qatar rã©union romania russian federation rwanda saint barthã©lemy saint kitts and nevis saint lucia saint pierre and miquelon saint vincent and the grenadines samoa san marino sao tome and principe saudi arabia senegal serbia seychelles sierra leone singapore sint maarten (dutch part) slovakia slovenia solomon islands somalia south africa spain sri lanka suriname swaziland sweden switzerland taiwan tajikistan tanzania, united republic of thailand timor-leste togo tonga trinidad and tobago tunisia turkey turks and caicos islands tuvalu uganda ukraine united arab emirates united kingdom united states uruguay uzbekistan vanuatu vietnam virgin islands, british wallis and futuna yemen zambia zimbabwe select currency australian dollar bahamian dollar bahraini dinar balboa barbados dollar belize dollar boliviano bosnian convertible mark british pound bulgarian lev canadian dollar cayman islands dollar cfa franc bceao cfa franc beac chilean peso colombian peso cordoba oro costa rican colon croatian kuna czech koruna danish krone dominican peso egyptian pound euro guarani hong kong dollar hungarian forint indian rupee indonesian rupiah israeli shekel jamaican dollar japanese yen jordanian dinar korean won kuwaiti dinar lebanese pound lempira lilangeni malayan ringgit mexican peso moroccan dirham namibia dollar nepalese rupee netherlands antillan guilder new romanian leu new zealand dollar norwegian krone omani rial pakistan rupee peruvian nuevo sol philippine peso polish zloty qatari riyal quetzal riel rufiyaa russian ruble saudi riyal singapore dollar south african rand sri lanka rupee swedish krona swiss franc taiwan dollar taka tenge thai baht turkish lira ukraine hryvnia united arab emirates dirham uruguay new peso us dollar yuan renminbi set shipping destination & currency i want to shop as a us customer × free shipping! free shipping on all orders over $150 cad × standard shipping. u.s. orders only. standard shipping. u.s. orders only. × standard shipping. u.s. orders only. × ×