来源URL: https://web.archive.org/web/20161219071725/http://www.barenecessities.com/aboutus.aspx
================================================================================

about bare necessities - trusted since 1998 skip to main shop our best sports bras best sports bras shop our best sports bras blog track order my account my account my bag 0 search search bras by size bras panties hosiery shapewear sleep swim sexy active men brands clearance menu menu search search search 0 search search amazing deals! clearance up to 70% off shop the sale menu close menu shop by category what's hot now hanky panky - 30% off bogo - 50% off bras jockey - 25% off calvin klein - 25% off dkny - 25% off contemporary lingerie the outlet 3 for $30 panty deals bras bra shop expert bra picks bogo 50% off bras shop by bra size contemporary bras bralettes sports bras underwire dd+ bras t-shirt bras minimizer bras wire-free bras nursing & maternity bras strapless bras racerback bras panties panty shop 3 for $30 panty deals expert panty picks contemporary panties shaping & control briefs multi packs bikinis thongs hi-cut briefs seamless sheer panties boyshorts hosiery hosiery shop tights pantyhose thigh-highs leggings control top knee highs socks shoe liners spanx hosiery buy more & save sleepwear pjs, sleep & lounge pajamas pj bottoms sleepshirts chemises & nightgowns robes slippers sale shapewear shapewear shop spanx controls tummy slims hips & thighs all over control trims torso trims waist shapes rear smoothes back slims legs new arrivals swimwear swim shop bra-sized swimwear slimming swimsuits tankinis one-piece swimsuits bikinis halter swimsuits hi-waisted bikini bottoms dd+ swimsuits shop swim by size sale dd+ bras swimsuits dd+ bras by size dd+ swimwear by size must-have brands expert bra picks new arrivals sale plus size plus size shop bras sexy lingerie shapewear panties hosiery swimsuits shop by bra size expert bra picks new arrivals sale sexy lingerie sexy lingerie shop sexy sets under $40 corsets & bustiers sexy robes teddies bodysuits plus size lingerie babydolls & chemises bodystockings garters & garter belts hosiery best sellers sale activewear activewear shop sports bras tanks & tees capris active pants yoga pants shorts jackets & hoodies active underwear new arrivals sale shoes shoe shop ugg flip flops & sandals slippers sale men's men's shop multi packs boxers boxer briefs briefs performance underwear v-neck crew neck calvin klein polo ralph lauren spanx clearance all women's all men's more categories top rated styles bridal boutique slips and bodysuits luxury lingerie leggings accessories women's new arrivals men's new arrivals popular brands wacoal spanx calvin klein chantelle natori hanky panky bali freya fantasie elomi panache pour moi ashley graham view all brands customer support contact us shipping methods 60 day no hassle returns bra fitters available faqs my account sign in create account track order call 1.877.728.9272 call 1.877.728.9272 what's hot now hanky panky - 30% off bogo - 50% off bras jockey - 25% off calvin klein - 25% off dkny - 25% off bras by size bras panties hosiery shapewear sleepwear swimsuits sexy lingerie activewear contemporary leggings socks dd+ plus size luxury slips & camis accessories shoes bridal boutique fit tips & advice new arrivals clearance underwear t-shirts & undershirts sleep & lounge shoes clearance spanx wacoal under armour ugg ashley graham hanky panky freya chantelle yummie by heather thomson pour moi - exclusively ours panache fantasie calvin klein view all brands about bare necessities bare necessities debuted in 1998, showcasing the finest designer intimate apparel for women of all shapes and sizes, in addition to a selection of underwear for men. our goal, then and always: to make shopping online with us as easy, helpful and more enjoyable than a visit to your favorite store. today, bare necessities is the largest online specialty retailer of women’s & men’s branded and designer intimate apparel and underwear. but that’s not all. we’ve got more online than ever: the best shapewear selection online, shaping clothing, footwear, hosiery, casual t-shirts, swimwear for women and men. and that’s just the beginning. the best brands. the best fit for every body. no one else offers the depth of sizing and fit range we’ve perfected at bare necessities. you’ll find bras in over 200 sizes: with band sizes ranging from 32 to 56, and cup sizes ranging a to m. we offer plus sizes for women and big & tall sizes for men. offering over 150 brands, bare necessities has your favorites, from every day favorites like bali, wacoal, spanx®, calvin klein and hanky panky, to luxurious offerings from chantelle, hanro, la perla, le mystere, ugg®, wolford and more. men’s top brands include 2(x)ist, calvin klein , hugo boss, armani, and polo ralph lauren, just to name a few. see them all here. the best online shopping experience from the moment you arrive on our site, whether you’re browsing or buying, we strive to delight you with every aspect of your experience at bare necessities. we want every item you purchase to fit perfectly. that means offering you expert fit advice, product information that tells you want you really need to know, a beautiful range of photos to show you back views and show key features, and providing top-notch customer service every step of the way, including our famous no-hassle return policy. your opinion matters to us we’ve worked hard to build customer loyalty and always encouraged our customers to keep telling us what goes well and what doesn’t, a commitment that continues to this day. the more feedback you give us, the more we can keep improving our products and expanding our collections, without compromising our commitment to making you happy. see recent customer testimonials. and join the conversation: follow us on facebook. find us on twitter. the word's getting around we’re a consummate favorite in the press & media, featured monthly in publications including glamour, real simple, more, instyle, ladies home journal and family circle. our products have been featured on tv shows including oprah, the today show, rachael ray and the view. it's all about support: corporate giving and you from our very first days, bare necessities has been proud to support a variety of causes and research initiatives, especially those that make a difference in women’s lives. we have partnered with susan g. komen for the cure for many years, the breast cancer site, le mystere’s go red campaign to support the american heart association, chantelle’s dress for success program, and wacoal’s fit for the cure campaigns, among others. most recently, we partnered with the breast cancer research foundation-- our most successful fundraising effort yet. but we didn’t do it alone: you are the reason that we've succeeded in reaching our fundraising goals. our commitment: to continue to embrace and support causes that we feel are important. to help now and learn more about our recent efforts, click here. need more reasons to shop with us? here’s our top 5. 1. best bra shopping online: find your perfect bra in an instant. search by size, style or brand. or shop our great deals  to see where the everyday savings are. 2. fit tips: look for advice throughout our site on how every style fits, what to wear it with and more. need more help? call us at 1.877.728.9272, monday-saturday 8am-6pm est. to place a new order, call 24 hours a day, 7 days a week. 3. hassle-free 60-day return policy: no hassles. no exceptions. no kidding. we want you to love your purchase, every time you shop. 4. more styles and designers arriving all the time: check our site often to see our latest and greatest. 5. our customers love us (the feeling’s mutual): our customers love telling us about their experiences. "hello...i just wanted to let you know how very happy i am with my order! it came very quickly and i love the way you packaged it; it made it very special to open. i absolutely love what i ordered and i will definitely recommend your website to my friends. thank you again for carrying my very large size! lol! :) i can't seem to find it in stores anywhere.” reena s "i wanted to let you know this purchase was the first time that i have order from bare necessities. i am delighted with my new chantelle bras. they fit absolutely perfect. they arrived in only three business days using the free shipping offer. i couldn’t be happier with the product, fit and delivery. chantelle bras are true to fit, 34c. i really liked all of the extra information given on each bra on the web site. it was very helpful in my decision to buy with this company. thank you for the email on when my purchase was shipped. great way to do business and i will recommend you to all. thank you much!" leeann d "i have been very pleased with the quality and selection of bras and other lingerie items that barenecessities offers. i am also pleased with the free shipping available with certain order amounts and the sales that you offer. everything arrives packaged nicely and in a reasonable time. thank you.” susan m "loved my new swimsuit and received it so quickly. true to size. i couldn't be happier with bare necessities.” lori k "i was so surprised at how quickly my order arrived! it was at my door only a day or so after i'd placed my order. can't get any better than that! very happy with the product as well!” t.s. "dear sir/madam, when i returned home from work today, i found this package on my steps. it was from bare necessities. i could not believe that it was just yesterday i placed an order and today i received it. oh my gosh, you guys are good! i surely thought that i wouldn't received the items for another 7-10 days. now that's what i call service and free shipping - even better! i will keep you in mind for future purchases and certainly will tell "everyone" of my experience with your company. thank you so very much.” michele b back to top fit tips & advice bra sizing how to measure your bra size bra fit checklist bra style guide sports bra guide the sports bra handbook swimsuit guide swim fit checklist customer support contact us shipping info shipping information bra fitters available bra fitters available faqs 60 day returns about bare necessities our history email sign-up sign-up for email careers blog see our video e-gift certificates my account sign in create account track order my account sign in create account track order our ambrassadors love to support you. since 1998 we've made the bra shopping experience easier. we're the fit experts. get a personalized, complimentary over-the-phone bra fitting. call us.. monday-saturday, 8:30 am - 6:00 pm et. we carry an unmatched range of brands. shop over 80 of the world's most well-known bra brands in the band sizes 28-56 and cup sizes aa-n. click here for see our top bra picks. need help? we're here! 1.877.728.9272 1.877.728.9272 ship to: © 1997-2016, bareweb, inc., bare necessities® privacy policy | interest based ads | terms of use close close our apologies...we are experiencing a technical issue with this page. please call us at 1.877.728.9272, 24 hours a day, 7 days a week and we'll gladly help you complete your order. if you prefer, you may also email us at info@barenecessities.com. please include: your name, where on our site you received the error, any questions you may have, and how and when you'd like us to contact you. our business hours are monday-saturday 8am-6pm est. × our apologies...we are experiencing a technical issue with this page. please call us at 1.877.728.9272, 24 hours a day, 7 days a week and we'll gladly help you complete your order. if you prefer, you may also email us at info@barenecessities.com. please include: your name, where on our site you received the error, any questions you may have, and how and when you'd like us to contact you. our business hours are monday-saturday 8am-6pm est. hidden button × × international shipping options select the country you will be shipping to and your preferred billing currency. there was an error. please try again later. select shipping destination afghanistan albania algeria andorra angola anguilla antigua and barbuda armenia aruba australia austria azerbaijan bahamas bahrain bangladesh barbados belarus belgium belize benin bermuda bhutan bolivia bonaire, sint eustatius and saba bosnia and herzegovina botswana brazil brunei darussalam bulgaria burkina faso burundi cã´te d'ivoire cambodia cameroon canada cape verde cayman islands central african republic chad chile china christmas island cocos (keeling) islands colombia comoros congo, democratic republic of the congo, republic of the cook islands costa rica croatia curaã§ao cyprus czech republic denmark djibouti dominica dominican republic ecuador egypt el salvador equatorial guinea eritrea estonia ethiopia falkland islands (malvinas) faroe islands fiji finland france french guiana french polynesia gabon gambia georgia germany ghana gibraltar greece greenland grenada guadeloupe guatemala guernsey guinea guinea-bissau guyana haiti holy see (vatican city state) honduras hong kong hungary iceland india indonesia iraq ireland isle of man israel italy jamaica japan jersey jordan kazakhstan kenya kiribati korea, republic of kuwait kyrgyzstan lao people's democratic republic latvia lebanon lesotho liberia libya liechtenstein lithuania luxembourg macao macedonia, the former yugoslav republic of madagascar malawi malaysia maldives mali malta marshall islands martinique mauritania mauritius mayotte mexico micronesia, federated states of moldova, republic of monaco mongolia montenegro montserrat morocco mozambique myanmar namibia nauru nepal netherlands new caledonia new zealand nicaragua niger nigeria niue norway oman pakistan palau panama papua new guinea paraguay peru philippines poland portugal qatar rã©union romania russian federation rwanda saint barthã©lemy saint kitts and nevis saint lucia saint pierre and miquelon saint vincent and the grenadines samoa san marino sao tome and principe saudi arabia senegal serbia seychelles sierra leone singapore sint maarten (dutch part) slovakia slovenia solomon islands somalia south africa spain sri lanka suriname swaziland sweden switzerland taiwan tajikistan tanzania, united republic of thailand timor-leste togo tonga trinidad and tobago tunisia turkey turks and caicos islands tuvalu uganda ukraine united arab emirates united kingdom united states uruguay uzbekistan vanuatu vietnam virgin islands, british wallis and futuna yemen zambia zimbabwe select currency australian dollar bahamian dollar bahraini dinar balboa barbados dollar belize dollar boliviano bosnian convertible mark british pound bulgarian lev canadian dollar cayman islands dollar cfa franc bceao cfa franc beac chilean peso colombian peso cordoba oro costa rican colon croatian kuna czech koruna danish krone dominican peso egyptian pound euro guarani hong kong dollar hungarian forint indian rupee indonesian rupiah israeli shekel jamaican dollar japanese yen jordanian dinar korean won kuwaiti dinar lebanese pound lempira lilangeni malayan ringgit mexican peso moroccan dirham namibia dollar nepalese rupee netherlands antillan guilder new romanian leu new zealand dollar norwegian krone omani rial pakistan rupee peruvian nuevo sol philippine peso polish zloty qatari riyal quetzal riel rufiyaa russian ruble saudi riyal singapore dollar south african rand sri lanka rupee swedish krona swiss franc taiwan dollar taka tenge thai baht turkish lira ukraine hryvnia united arab emirates dirham uruguay new peso us dollar yuan renminbi set shipping destination & currency i want to shop as a us customer × free shipping! free shipping on all orders over $150 cad × standard shipping. u.s. orders only. standard shipping. u.s. orders only. × standard shipping. u.s. orders only. × ×