来源URL: https://web.archive.org/web/20171224080131/https://www.barenecessities.com/Swimwear_catalog_nxs,121.htm
================================================================================

swimsuits, swimwear & bathing suits for women | bare necessities new markdowns up to 40% off |   shop the sale new markdowns up to 40% off skip to main top 10 bras   | dd+ must-haves   | spanx top 10 bras   | dd+ must-haves   | spanx track order my account my account 0 bare necessities main menu close bare necessities main menu search search search all departments bras swimsuits panties hosiery shapewear sleep sexy lingerie men's clearance shop by bra size top rated styles new arrivals clearance departments bras bralettes swimwear panties shapewear hosiery sleepwear dd+ plus size sexy activewear leggings contemporary luxury maternity bridal bodysuits accessories shoes socks brands we wacoal chantelle calvin klein spanx hanky panky freya view all bras up to 40% off buy one get one 50% off vanity fair bras $19.99 shop by bra size dd+ plus size top styles sports bra bralettes t-shirt bras underwire wire-free minimizer nursing & maternity strapless racerback push-up front close backless padded longline balconette contemporary plunge convertible back smoothing view all brands we wacoal chantelle fantasie freya elomi glamorise panache spanx top 10 shapewear guide best sellers sale problem area controls tummy all over control trims waist trims torso slims hips & thighs smoothes back shapes rear top styles shaping panties slimming camisoles shaping bodysuits mid-thigh shapers shaping hosiery open bust shapers view all brands we spanx yummie tc fine shapewear bali miraclesuit maidenform bodywrap camio mio lyssé wacoal va bien commando squeem red hot spanx panties 3 for $30 expert panty picks best sellers top rated buy more and save top styles thongs bikinis boyshorts briefs hi-cut briefs shaping & control seamless athletic underwear multi-packs sheer crotchless view all brands we hanky panky spanx wacoal jockey camio mio commando cosabella calvin klein on gossamer vanity fair knixwear warner's dkny hanro fishnets fishnets spanx tights & leggings top rated new arrivals sale top styles thigh-highs pantyhose tights fishnets control top plus hosiery fashion leggings knee-highs socks knee socks shoe solutions view all brands we wolford spanx hue hosiery donna karan falke calvin klein berkshire commando hanes dkny red hot spanx ralph lauren hot sox stance sleepwear up to 70% off ugg sexy sleepwear plus size sleepwear men's sleepwear top styles pajamas loungewear nightgowns sleep shirts robes chemises babydolls pajama sets pajama pants bridal slippers shop all brands we lauren ralph lauren pj harlow dkny karen neuburger p.j. salvage n natori barefoot dreams ugg kate spade new york calvin klein arlotta oscar de la renta flora nikrooz sleepy jones shop by swim size best sellers top rated new arrivals swimwear up to 70% off top styles dd+ swimsuits bra-sized swimwear slimming swimsuits plus size swimsuits tankinis bikinis one-piece swimsuits high waisted bikini halters bandeau underwire skirted cover-ups view all brands we miraclesuit magicsuit freya fantasie pour moi panache becca trends tropical prints geometric prints nautical solid colors crochet ruffles high necks sexy sets under $40 plus size lingerie best sellers new arrivals sale top styles teddies babydolls & chemises sexy panties see-through clothing bodystockings corsets & bustiers garters & garter belts bodysuits crotchless sexy robes hosiery accessories view all looks we lust lace is more fishnet fetish peek-a-boo cage affair sheer fantasy black magic lingerie costumes brands we shirley of hollywood leg avenue ann summers rene rofe oh la la cheri dreamgirl jezebel multi-packs big & tall compression styles new arrivals clearance top styles boxer briefs briefs boxers trunks jock straps multi-packs sport underwear departments underwear undershirts sleepwear activewear socks view all mens brands we polo ralph lauren calvin klein 2(x)ist emporio armani tommy hilfiger under armour hanro nike ugg saxx champion spanx andrew christian gold toe clearance by bra size deals under $20 top rated bra sale women's bras bralettes swimwear panties shapewear hosiery sleepwear dd+ bras plus size bras sexy lingerie activewear leggings shop all men's underwear t-shirts undershirts activewear sleepwear shop all close bare necessities main menu 0 search today's deals new bra markdownsnew bra markdowns bras buy one get one 50% offbras buy one get one 50% off vanity fair bras $19.99vanity fair bras $19.99 panties 3 for $30panties 3 for $30 sexy sale up to 50% offsexy sale up to 50% off clearance up to 70% offclearance up to 70% off bras shop by bra sizeshop by bra size expert bra picksexpert bra picks dd+ brasdd+ bras bralettesbralettes sports brassports bras underwireunderwire strapless brasstrapless bras minimizer brasminimizer bras t-shirt brast-shirt bras wire-free braswire-free bras racerback brasracerback bras nursing & maternity brasnursing & maternity bras shop all brasview all bras swimsuits bra-sized swimwearbra-sized swimwear dd+ swimweardd+ swimwear plus size swimsuitsplus size swimsuits tankinistankinis bikinisbikinis one-piece swimsuitsone-piece swimsuits slimming swimsuitsslimming swimsuits hi-waisted bikini bottomshi-waisted bikini bottoms halter swimsuitshalter swimsuits shop swim by sizeshop swim by size salesale view all swimsuitsview all swimsuits panties 3 for $30 panty deals3 for $30 panty deals expert panty picksexpert panty picks thongsthongs bikinisbikinis boyshortsboyshorts briefsbriefs hi-cut briefshi-cut briefs shaping & controlshaping & control seamlessseamless multi-packsmulti-packs sheersheer view all pantiesview all panties shapewear spanxspanx controls tummycontrols tummy all over controlall over control trims waisttrims waist trims torsotrims torso slims hips & thighsslims hips & thighs smoothes backsmoothes back shapes rearshapes rear slims legsslims legs new arrivalsnew arrivals view all shapewearview all shapewear hosiery thigh-highsthigh-highs pantyhosepantyhose tightstights knee highsknee highs leggingsleggings sockssocks control topcontrol top shoe linershoe liners spanx hosieryspanx hosiery buy more & savebuy more & save view all hosieryview all hosiery sleepwear chemises & nightgownschemises & nightgowns pajamaspajamas sleepshirtssleepshirts robesrobes pj bottomspj bottoms slippersslippers salesale view all sleepwearview all sleepwear sexy lingerie sexy sets under $40sexy sets under $40 corsets & bustierscorsets & bustiers teddiesteddies babydolls & chemisesbabydolls & chemises bodysuitsbodysuits garters & garter beltsgarters & garter belts plus size lingerieplus size lingerie bodystockingsbodystockings sexy robessexy robes hosieryhosiery best sellersbest sellers salesale view all sexy lingerieview all sexy lingerie dd+ brasbras dd+ bras by sizedd+ bras by size swimsuitsswimsuits dd+ swimsuits by sizedd+ swimsuits by size expert bra picksexpert bra picks new arrivals new arrivals salesale plus size sexy lingeriesexy lingerie brasbras pantiespanties swimsuits swimsuits shapewearshapewear hosieryhosiery shop by bra sizeshop by bra size expert bra picksexpert bra picks new arrivalsnew arrivals salesale view all plus sizeview all plus size men's performance underwearperformance underwear boxer briefsboxer briefs briefsbriefs boxers boxers multi-packsmulti-packs spanx spanx calvin klein calvin klein polo ralph lauren polo ralph lauren view all men'sview all men's more categories activewearactivewear leggingsleggings luxury lingerieluxury lingerie accessoriesaccessories shoesshoes bridal boutiquebridal boutique new arrivalsnew arrivals popular brands wacoal spanx calvin klein chantelle natori hanky panky bali freya fantasie elomi panache pour moi ann summers view all brands fit tips & advice perfect fit for all intimates how to measure your bra size bra fit checklist best bras for your body type bra style guide swimsuit guide bralette guide sports bra guide customer support contact us shipping methods 60 day no hassle returns bra fitters available faqs my account sign in create account track order call 1.877.728.9272 call 1.877.728.9272 swimwear 1289 results swimwear (1289 results) home swimwear we take fit personally try our bra-sized swim finder select your size bra size 28dd 28e 28f 28ff 28g 28gg 28h 28j 30b 30c 30d 30dd 30ddd 30dddd 30e 30f 30ff 30g 30gg 30h 30hh 30i 30j 30jj 30k 32a 32b 32c 32d 32dd 32ddd 32dddd 32e 32f 32ff 32g 32gg 32h 32hh 32i 32j 32jj 32k 32l 32o 34a 34b 34c 34d 34dd 34ddd 34dddd 34e 34f 34ff 34g 34gg 34h 34hh 34i 34j 34jj 34k 34l 34m 34n 34o 36b 36c 36d 36dd 36ddd 36dddd 36e 36f 36ff 36g 36gg 36h 36hh 36i 36j 36jj 36k 36l 36m 36n 36o 38b 38c 38d 38dd 38ddd 38dddd 38e 38f 38ff 38g 38gg 38h 38hh 38i 38j 38jj 38k 38l 38m 38n 38o 40c 40d 40dd 40ddd 40dddd 40e 40f 40ff 40g 40gg 40h 40hh 40i 40j 40jj 40k 40l 40m 40n 40o 42c 42d 42dd 42ddd 42dddd 42e 42f 42ff 42g 42gg 42h 42hh 42i 42j 42k 42l 42m 44c 44d 44dd 44ddd 44dddd 44e 44f 44ff 44g 44h 46d 46dd 46e we take fit personally try our bra-sized swim finder select your size bra size 28dd 28e 28f 28ff 28g 28gg 28h 28j 30b 30c 30d 30dd 30ddd 30dddd 30e 30f 30ff 30g 30gg 30h 30hh 30i 30j 30jj 30k 32a 32b 32c 32d 32dd 32ddd 32dddd 32e 32f 32ff 32g 32gg 32h 32hh 32i 32j 32jj 32k 32l 32o 34a 34b 34c 34d 34dd 34ddd 34dddd 34e 34f 34ff 34g 34gg 34h 34hh 34i 34j 34jj 34k 34l 34m 34n 34o 36b 36c 36d 36dd 36ddd 36dddd 36e 36f 36ff 36g 36gg 36h 36hh 36i 36j 36jj 36k 36l 36m 36n 36o 38b 38c 38d 38dd 38ddd 38dddd 38e 38f 38ff 38g 38gg 38h 38hh 38i 38j 38jj 38k 38l 38m 38n 38o 40c 40d 40dd 40ddd 40dddd 40e 40f 40ff 40g 40gg 40h 40hh 40i 40j 40jj 40k 40l 40m 40n 40o 42c 42d 42dd 42ddd 42dddd 42e 42f 42ff 42g 42gg 42h 42hh 42i 42j 42k 42l 42m 44c 44d 44dd 44ddd 44dddd 44e 44f 44ff 44g 44h 46d 46dd 46e filters sort best sellers price high-to-low price low-to-high brands a-z brands z-a new arrivals sort by best sellersprice high-to-lowprice low-to-highbrands a-zbrands z-anew arrivals filter by style tankinis one-piece swimsuits bikinis dd+ swimsuits bra-sized swimsuits swim bottoms underwire swimsuits slimming swimsuits high waisted bikinis plus size swimsuits skirted swimsuits swimsuit cover-ups halter top swimsuits bandeau swimsuits swimwear on sale best sellers new arrivals top rated close size 28dd 28e 28f 28ff 28g 28gg 28h 30b 30c 30d 30dd 30ddd 30dddd 30e 30f 30ff 30g 30gg 30h 30hh 30j 30jj 30k 32a 32b 32c 32d 32dd 32ddd 32dddd 32e 32f 32ff 32g 32gg 32h 32hh 32i 32j 32jj 32k 34a 34b 34c 34d 34dd 34ddd 34dddd 34e 34f 34ff 34g 34gg 34h 34hh 34i 34j 34jj 34k 34l 34m 34n 36b 36c 36d 36dd 36ddd 36dddd 36e 36f 36ff 36g 36gg 36h 36hh 36i 36j 36jj 36k 36l 36m 36n 38b 38c 38d 38dd 38ddd 38dddd 38e 38f 38ff 38g 38gg 38h 38hh 38i 38j 38jj 38k 38l 38m 38n 40c 40d 40dd 40ddd 40dddd 40e 40f 40ff 40g 40gg 40h 40hh 40i 40j 40jj 40k 40l 40m 40n 42c 42d 42dd 42ddd 42dddd 42e 42f 42ff 42g 42gg 42h 42hh 42i 42j 42k 42l 42m 44c 44d 44dd 44ddd 44dddd 44e 44f 44ff 44g 44h 46d 46dd 46e xs s m l xl xxl xxxl 1x 2x 3x 4 6 6d 6dd 8 8d 8dd 10 10d 10dd 12 12d 12dd 14 14dd 14w 16 16dd 16w 18 18dd 18w 20w 22w 24w close brand 24th & ocean ann summers anne cole signature azura beach house becca becca etc chantelle cleo by panache coco rave coco reef curvy kate dotti elan elomi empreinte fantasie freya hard tail kenneth cole la blanca lepel luli fama magicsuit maxine of hollywood miraclesuit miss mandalay panache pour moi prima donna profile by gottex raisins curve roxanne seafolly skye studio anne cole sunsets swim systems tommy bahama vix close color animal beige black blue brown floral gold green grey ivory metallic multi-colored nude orange pink print purple red white close 1 of 27viewing 1 - 48 of 1289view 300 per page shop swimwear 2018 more anne cole signature crochet all day wire-free bandini top $68.00 anne cole signature crochet all day wire-free bandini top colors: details: look chic on the beach this season in this bandini top built-in, wire-free shelf bra with seamless contour cups elastic, semi-fitted waist enhances your curves adjustable stretch strap included for halter option stretch crochet microfiber click to order this style​​ × more miraclesuit must haves sanibel one-piece $166.00 free shipping & returns miraclesuit must haves sanibel one-piece colors: details: flaunt your silhouette in this stunning one piece swimsuit fit note: recommend ordering one size up innovative miratex® fabric offers triple holding power smoothes and slims entire midriff for a streamlined look mirror your shape with lightly lined, built-in underwire cups click to order this style​​ × more magicsuit plus size kylie wire-free one-piece $184.00 free shipping & returns magicsuit plus size kylie wire-free one-piece color: details: look sporty in this trendy, high-neck wire-free swimsuit fit note: for first time purchase order one size larger figure flattering double-layer front panel with slimming seams built-in firm control feature smoothes your entire midriff built-in shelf bra with removable foam pads for desire modesty click to order this style​​ × more miraclesuit must haves oceanus wire-free one-piece $154.00 free shipping & returns miraclesuit must haves oceanus wire-free one-piece colors: details: look and feel confident in this firm control swimsuit fit note: for first time purchase order one size larger innovative miratex® fabric offers triple holding power targets and slims midriff for a smooth look built-in foam cups provide great shape and support click to order this style​​ × more freya sundance tankini top $84.00 freya sundance tankini top 21 reviews colors: details: dive into this chic crochet tankini swim top supportive underwire cups with light foam-lining for modesty reinforced side boning for a structured, streamlined profile stretch straps partially convert to criss-cross for versatility simple snap back closure with keyhole back detail featured review: on march 15, 2018 excellent support/ must size up bn recommended a 36f for me because i wear 34 or 36 g in wacoal bras. however i needed 2 full cup sizes larger in this suit and it fits perfectly with no spillage and nice coverage, with out being matronly. the takini part is long with i love. click to order this style​​ × more anne cole signature crochet all day wire-free bikini top $58.00 anne cole signature crochet all day wire-free bikini top colors: details: look chic on the beach this season in this high-neck bikini top seamless wire-free molded cups with removable foam inserts customize your fit with back adjustable stretch straps single slide hook back closure has 3 fit adjustments semi-opaque stretch crochet microfiber click to order this style​​ × more magicsuit solid brynn one-piece $172.00 free shipping & returns magicsuit solid brynn one-piece 7 reviews colors: details: flaunt your swimsuit on the beach with confidence fit note: for first time purchase order one size larger built-in firm control feature smoothes your entire midriff double-layer underwire cups with removable pads figure flattering drape with ruched tie-side featured review: on july 21, 2017 absolutely love this swimsuit i bought this swimsuit for a beach vacation and i absolutely love it. i have 4 children and haven't been able to find a swimsuit that i felt comfortable in, until this one. i plan on ordering it in black as well bc it's that perfect. i am also very very large breasted and this fits me perfect with extra room even. i ordered my normal clothing size & it fits wonderfully. click to order this style​​ × more panache anya spot tankini top $86.00 panache anya spot tankini top 27 reviews color: details: relax on the beach in this bra-sized polka dot tankini built-in double-layer cups with supportive underwire customize the fit with adjustable stretch straps and side ties 3 column, 2 row hidden hook and eye back closure columns and rows increase with size featured review: on december 23, 2017 adorable tankini top. i purchased this top because i needed a tankini with straps, so i could pull one side down to nurse my baby. this suit fit the bill and was also very cute. i appreciate it's lift and smoothing, but note it's very structural in nature to get that effect - the underwire is fairly constricting and it's a real pain to wrestle on and off. click to order this style​​ × more fantasie ottawa scoop tankini top $105.00 fantasie ottawa scoop tankini top color: details: keep it simple and chic in this lovely tankini swim top classy scoop neckline with ruched detailing for a chic look supportive built-in underwire cups with darted mesh lining customize your fit with fully adjustable stretch straps soft, 3 column, 2 row hook and eye back closure click to order this style​​ × more freya macrame halter bikini top $79.00 freya macrame halter bikini top colors: details: stay on trend in this chic halter bikini swim top supportive, mesh-lined underwire cups promote shape and lift self-tie macramé halter strap for added support sturdy snap back closure with power mesh back wings xtra life lycra® combats chlorine for long-lasting fit click to order this style​​ × more freya mariachi plunge bikini top $58.00 freya mariachi plunge bikini top color: details: simple yet chic, plunge bikini swim top supportive, underwire foam-lined, seamed cups reinforced side boning for added support customize your fit with fully adjustable stretch straps simple, non-adjustable snap back closure click to order this style​​ × more fantasie versailles shaping tankini top $62.99 - $105.00 fantasie versailles shaping tankini top 33 reviews colors: details: smooth your tummy in this bra-sized tankini top supportive, 3-part foam-lined underwire cups accentuate the waist with adjustable tie sides and ruching customize the fit with fully adjustable stretch straps 3 column, 2 row hook and eye back closure featured review: on august 19, 2017 great fit!! i bought this top from another site for a very reduced price and it is excellent!! mine is red. i ordered a 34g hoping i could finally find a swim top that held me up without spilling over and that didn't give me a literal pain in my neck (i hate halters!). there is a bra closure in the back too for extra support. the only slightly negative thing is that the inside liner goes all the way down, so when swimming the top layer floats up and reveals the inside layer. otherwise, this is a must have if you like being active in the water and not exposing all your bits!! click to order this style​​ × more azura adorn bikini top dd-cups $90.00 azura adorn bikini top dd-cups colors: details: feel confident and sexy in this trendy underwire bikini top double-layer cups with side boning & inner slings for support customize the fit with back adjustable stretch straps adjustable slide hook back closure has 3 adjustment options sleek, stretch microfiber click to order this style​​ × more fantasie byron bay tankini top $118.00 fantasie byron bay tankini top color: details: get beach ready in this aztec print tankini top supportive, built-in seamed, foam-lined underwire cups customize the fit with back adjustable stretch straps reinforced side boning provides structured support 3 column, 2 row hook and eye hidden back closure click to order this style​​ × shop swimwear new arrivals more sunsets odyssea muse bikini top d-dd cups $82.00 sunsets odyssea muse bikini top d-dd cups color: details: make waves in this bra-sized, underwire swim top plunging neckline with removable foam pads in cups customize your fit with the self-tie stretch straps adjustable slide hook back closure has 3 adjustment options sleek, stretch microfiber with power net back wings click to order this style​​ × more sunsets sapphire forever tankini top e-h cups $78.00 sunsets sapphire forever tankini top e-h cups color: details: look beautiful in this twist front tankini top removable foam pads in seamless underwire cups customize the fit with back adjustable straps easily convert to racerback with j-hook converter built-in, hidden 4 column, 3 row hook and eye back closure click to order this style​​ × more fantasie byron bay full cup bikini top $74.00 fantasie byron bay full cup bikini top color: details: fun in the sun in this aztec print bra-sized full cup swim top great support in seamed 3-part, mesh-lined underwire cups customize the fit with fully adjustable stretch straps xtra life lycra® combats chlorine for long-lasting fit chlorine resistant stretch microfiber with power mesh wings click to order this style​​ × more freya mariachi deco plunge bikini top $72.00 freya mariachi deco plunge bikini top color: details: simple yet chic, plunge bikini swim top supportive, underwire contour foam cups reinforced side boning for added support customize your fit with fully adjustable stretch straps simple, non-adjustable snap back closure click to order this style​​ × more fantasie byron bay balcony bikini top $76.00 fantasie byron bay balcony bikini top color: details: look your best in this beautiful, aztec print bikini top foam-lined underwire cups offer great shape & lift customize the fit with fully adjustable stretch straps non-adjustable, single snap back closure xtra life lycra® combats chlorine for long-lasting fit click to order this style​​ × more sunsets sapphire forever tankini top d-dd cups $78.00 sunsets sapphire forever tankini top d-dd cups color: details: look beautiful in this twist front tankini top removable foam pads in seamless underwire cups customize the fit with back adjustable straps easily convert to racerback with j-hook converter built-in, hidden 4 column, 3 row hook and eye back closure click to order this style​​ × more sunsets odyssea forever tankini top d-dd cups $86.00 sunsets odyssea forever tankini top d-dd cups color: details: look beautiful in this twist front tankini top removable foam pads in seamless underwire cups customize the fit with back adjustable straps easily convert to racerback with j-hook converter built-in, hidden 3 column, 3 row hook and eye back closure click to order this style​​ × more sunsets sapphire muse bikini top d-dd cups $74.00 sunsets sapphire muse bikini top d-dd cups color: details: make waves in this bra-sized, underwire swim top plunging neckline with removable foam pads in cups customize your fit with the self-tie stretch straps adjustable slide hook back closure has 3 adjustment options sleek, stretch microfiber with power net back wings click to order this style​​ × more sunsets sapphire muse bikini top e-h cups $74.00 sunsets sapphire muse bikini top e-h cups color: details: make waves in this bra-sized, underwire swim top plunging neckline with removable foam pads in cups customize your fit with the self-tie stretch straps adjustable slide hook back closure has 3 adjustment options sleek, stretch microfiber with power net back wings click to order this style​​ × more freya mariachi bandeau bikini top $58.00 freya mariachi bandeau bikini top color: details: look chic in this bandeau, halter bikini top supportive, underwire cups with seamed, foam lining reinforced side boning for added support self-tie stretch halter strap is removable for strapless option simple, non-adjustable snap back closure click to order this style​​ × more beach house capilla island tankini top $75.00 beach house capilla island tankini top color: details: feel confident in this trendy underwire tankini top built-in shelf bra with removable foam inserts for modesty customize the fit with fully adjustable stretch t-back straps xtra life lycra® combats chlorine for long-lasting fit sleek, stretch microfiber and mesh click to order this style​​ × more fantasie byron bay swim cover-up $98.00 fantasie byron bay swim cover-up color: details: chic, loose-fit aztec print swim cover-up trendy high/low hem for added rear coverage 35'' long from shoulders; measured from size m lightweight, non-stretch cotton blend click to order this style​​ × shop tankini's more sunsets odyssea muse bikini top e-h cups $82.00 sunsets odyssea muse bikini top e-h cups color: details: make waves in this bra-sized, underwire swim top plunging neckline with removable foam pads in cups customize the fit with self-tie stretch halter straps adjustable slide hook back closure has 3 adjustment options sleek, stretch microfiber with power net back wings click to order this style​​ × more freya sundance halter bikini top $29.99 - $60.00 freya sundance halter bikini top 9 reviews colors: details: dive in with this chic plunging crochet halter swim top supportive underwire mesh-lined, darted cups stretch double straps with beaded accents, tie at back of neck simple and sturdy snap back closure stretch microfiber with crochet overlay featured review: on march 11, 2018 awesome color i love the style of this suit. nice detailing . the band sizing runs a little large. click to order this style​​ × more pour moi starboard halter tankini top $65.00 pour moi starboard halter tankini top 4 reviews colors: details: lounge on the beach in this bra-sized tankini built-in mesh-lined underwire cups with inner slings fun polka dot print and contrast bow accent perfect fit with self-tie halter neckline hidden 3 column, 2 row hook and eye back closure featured review: on march 12, 2018 love the built-in bra! flattering top! i love this tankini top! the built in bra provides excellent support. genius idea. i've been looking for this for years. i wear a 32dd in felina bras and the 32dd tankini top fits perfectly. very true to size. the body of this top is fitted but doesn't ride up. also, the black makes it very forgiving. it is a bit shorter than i'd prefer but i have a long torso. i also bought the fold down bottoms and these can be worn up in a high waist fashion and prevent my muffin top from showing. i wish the cups had a light padding but they are lined and hopefully the black will hide any nipples that might pop up. :) click to order this style​​ × more freya sundance high neck bikini top $37.99 - $76.00 freya sundance high neck bikini top 11 reviews colors: details: dive in with this chic crochet, underwire halter swim crop top supportive, fully finished, cups with seamed foam-lining crochet overlay pulls down under cups for the perfect tan reinforced side boning for a structured, streamlined profile stretch straps with beaded accents tie at back of neck featured review: on july 31, 2017 loved it but returning i loved this top and it fit well and looked great with the exception that i'm not comfortable in a two piece. would love to see this top built into a one piece that has an attached skirt. why can't swim suit designers design suits for people over 40!? they only think of young women when designing! click to order this style​​ × more fantasie byron bay one-piece $138.00 fantasie byron bay one-piece color: details: step into this stunning, aztec print plunge swimsuit supportive, mesh-lined underwire cups promote shape & lift structured side boning maintains anchored support customize your fit with back adjustable stretch straps secure fit on rear with reinforced, elasticized leg bands click to order this style​​ × more sunsets odyssea iconic twist bikini top e-h cups $80.00 sunsets odyssea iconic twist bikini top e-h cups color: details: make a splash in this stunning convertible bandeau swim top supportive, 3-part foam-lined underwire cups offer shape and lift fully adjustable straps easily convert to criss-cross and halter reinforced side boning and mesh-lined wings for anchored support adjustable slide hook back closure has 3 adjustment options click to order this style​​ × more pour moi puerto rico halter tankini top $67.00 pour moi puerto rico halter tankini top 5 reviews colors: details: lounge on the beach in this bra-sized tankini built-in double-lined underwire cups with inner slings self-tie halter neckline for the perfect fit hidden 3 column, 2 row hook and eye back closure columns and rows increase with size featured review: on march 16, 2018 flattering top i was very skeptical buying this top since i need extra support on the upper part of my body. when my item arrived, it fitted beautifully. quality is amazing. only down side is that it is a bit on the expensive side. click to order this style​​ × more beach house plus size cape palm riley wire-free tankini top $77.00 beach house plus size cape palm riley wire-free tankini top colors: details: feel confident on the beach in this large leaf print tankini top seamless, built-in wire-free bra has removable foam inserts customize the fit with back adjustable stretch straps xtra life lycra® combats chlorine for long-lasting fit sleek, stretch microfiber click to order this style​​ × more pour moi starboard halter bikini top $50.00 pour moi starboard halter bikini top 6 reviews colors: details: relax on the yacht bra-sized halter swim top supportive foam-lined underwire cups polka dot print with plunge ruffled trim and bow accent get the perfect fit with self-tie halter neckline non-adjustable, snap back closure featured review: on january 25, 2018 one cup size up good quality suit . i ordered the top one cup size larger to get better coverage and that worked very well. i am pleased with the fit and quality. click to order this style​​ × more fantasie ottawa twist tankini top $105.00 fantasie ottawa twist tankini top color: details: feel beautiful and confident in this tankini top supportive, foam-lined underwire cups offer shape and lift customize your fit with fully adjustable stretch straps ruched sides with adjustable string ties for a great fit built-in, hidden 3 column, 2 row hook and eye back closure click to order this style​​ × more miraclesuit mandala temptress wire-free one-piece $166.00 free shipping & returns miraclesuit mandala temptress wire-free one-piece 1 review color: details: chic, firm control swimsuit with bold pattened sides innovative miratex® fabric offers triple holding power targets and slims midriff for a smooth look built-in foam-lined, wire-free cups with deep plunge center non-adjustable tank style stretch straps featured review: on january 29, 2018 love the fit i am a small 14 and it just fits perfect and makes a nice figure. it would be on the.small end for a big 14 as the material in the back is not stretch. but i love it! click to order this style​​ × more miraclesuit spectra trilogy wire-free one-piece $150.00 free shipping & returns miraclesuit spectra trilogy wire-free one-piece 1 review colors: details: look your best in this slimming, firm control swimsuit innovative miratex® fabric offers triple holding power mirror your shape with wire-free foam-lined cups sexy deep plunge front adds some style to this suit sleek silhouette maintained due to color block detail featured review: on march 15, 2018 very slimming. fits true to size. i was looking for a fun one piece and this is it. i feel like i will be able to paddleboard and swim in it with comfort. i bought the turquoise and black color is great. click to order this style​​ × more freya remix plunge bikini top $34.99 - $60.00 freya remix plunge bikini top 9 reviews colors: details: look fab in this bra-sized plunge swim top supportive foam-lined underwire cups and side boning concealed powernet wings for added support customize the fit with adjustable stretch straps non-adjustable, snap back closure featured review: on august 3, 2017 recommend the band size runs small, so i ordered a size up after checking other reviews. the support is great and the fit is nice. it covers up any side boob, if that's a concern. so overall this top was a real win. click to order this style​​ × more fantasie rio bueno gathered bikini top $76.00 fantasie rio bueno gathered bikini top 2 reviews color: details: look sexy chic this summer in this gorgeous plunge bikini top gathered ruching on seamless contour underwire cups customize your fit with fully adjustable stretch straps easy, snap back closure is non-adjustable stretch microfiber with power mesh-lined wings featured review: on february 22, 2018 fabulous support and fit! i love how this suit fits and looks. i so loved the bra's i got from bare necessities that i tried their swim suits. i already had a bra from this same company that fit perfectly so i was confident about the fit of the swim top and i was right! i am so relieved that i can now shop on line and find swim tops that fit and not pay a fortune like i was at resort swim ships, trying to find a top that was large enough and supportive enough! click to order this style​​ × more magicsuit solid michelle tankini top $110.00 free shipping & returns magicsuit solid michelle tankini top 4 reviews colors: details: look chic on the beach in this tankini top built-in underwire shelf bra with removable foam inserts triangle front cut-out straps lends offer an edgy look customize the fit with back adjustable stretch straps quality stretch microfiber featured review: on february 9, 2018 unique following the size chart i ordered a 16; i think i could have gone with a 14; i like how it covers my stomach but is flattering. i look forward to those unique tan lines! click to order this style​​ × more miss mandalay icon halter bikini top $91.00 miss mandalay icon halter bikini top 2 reviews color: details: get some sun in this bra-sized halter swim top mirror your shape in seamed, unlined underwire cups self-tie halter neckline for the perfect fit non-adjustable, snap back closure xtra life lycra® combats chlorine for long-lasting fit featured review: on july 28, 2017 great buy! i bought this item and it can shortly after. i didn't even have to purchase the faster shipping. i would say the price is too expensive for what u get, but i've always been the type of person who dreads bathing suit shopping. i have a tiny figure but a bigger chest where i have to buy cup size bathing suits with no padding but an underwire. if you are looking for something to just make the girls look good, this is the piece for you. made me feel confident wearing such a piece. click to order this style​​ × more panache anya cruise bandini top $87.00 panache anya cruise bandini top color: details: bra-sized, bandeau tankini with built-in underwire bra supportive foam-lined contour cups for a smooth look ruched sides with adjustable string ties for a great fit fully adjustable stretch straps included straps easily convert to criss-cross and halter click to order this style​​ × more fantasie ottawa twist one-piece $120.00 fantasie ottawa twist one-piece 2 reviews color: details: feel beautiful and elegant in this textured swimsuit beautiful silhouette with shirred detailing supportive, mesh-lined underwire cups offer lift and shape customize your fit with fully adjustable stretch straps get desired coverage with ruched, adjustable tie-sides featured review: on february 13, 2018 purchased for vacation. perfection i was truly struggling to find the perfect supportive, yet good looking and comfortable swim suit. this is the suit that meets all of the above. click to order this style​​ × more magicsuit solid sophie tankini top dd-cups $114.00 free shipping & returns magicsuit solid sophie tankini top dd-cups 6 reviews colors: details: look chic on the beach with this classic halter tankini top discreet built-in underwire molded cups for optimum support sexy, modern draped cowl neckline for added elegance high/low hem adds to this graceful style easy, self-tie halter stretch strap featured review: on march 7, 2018 beautiful - love it the fit is amazing. i've never felt better in a swimsuit top. flatters the good parts and hides the bad. nice and long in the back and loose so it doesn't ride up. click to order this style​​ × more pour moi starboard halter one-piece $81.00 pour moi starboard halter one-piece 17 reviews colors: details: relax on the yacht in this bra-sized swimsuit great support in mesh-lined underwire cups added shape and support due to inner slings chic nautical striped and polka dot pattern customize your fit with self-tie halter neckline featured review: on february 26, 2018 cute but short waisted just got this today, super cute suit but it's pretty short waisted. i'm 5'5 and i think of i were any taller the cups wouldn't line up as well. also super low cut so as lo g as you don't mind the boobage it's great click to order this style​​ × more fantasie talmanca plunge tankini top $110.00 fantasie talmanca plunge tankini top color: details: look and feel your best in this gorgeous bra-sized tankini top supportive, 3-part mesh-lined underwire cups for lift and shape flaunt your silhouette thanks to adjustable side-ties and ruching customize your fit with adjustable, convertible stretch straps easily, converts to criss-cross postion click to order this style​​ × more miraclesuit plus size illusionist mirage tankini top $118.00 free shipping & returns miraclesuit plus size illusionist mirage tankini top colors: details: look poolside chic in this ruffled tankini swim top supportive built-in underwire helps mirror your natural shape customize your fit with back adjustable stretch straps luxe stretch polyester click to order this style​​ × ∧ back to top 1 of 27viewing 1 - 48 of 1289view 300 per page page 1 swimsuits, swimwear and bathing suits for women feeling confident on the beach in a swimsuit comes down to the perfect fit. that is what our women's swimsuit collection offers, unparalleled fit and comfort. our swimwear selections contains absolutely everything a woman could want, including a full suite of sizes and styles of women's swimsuits. bra-sized swimwear offers extreme support with flattering underwire that lifts, contains and shapes. this allows women to love their swimsuits as much as their favorite bras. in terms of slimming swimwear, we have bathing suits for women that transform any figure into the ultimate beach bombshell. slimming swimwear offers benefits like tummy smoothing, torso trimming and major curve control. whether you choose a one-piece, tankini, skirtini or bikini, our bathing suits show off bodies in their best light. need expert advice to find your perfect swimsuit? check out our swimsuit guide below: women's swimsuit guide: how to choose a swimsuit swim season never ends swim season never ends: whether it's cold-weather getaways to tropical destinations or spring break and summer vacation, we know you’re always in search of the most figure-flattering, cute swimsuits. that’s why we proudly specialize in bra-sized and slimming bathing suits. our curated range of swimwear solutions means you're set to dive in with confidence. must-have styles and silhouettes these key styles comprise a smart and stunning wardrobe of swimwear. bra-sized swimwear if you’re a dd+ cup or above, this category is tailor-made for you. these suits combine the perfect fit and engineered support of your favorite bra with a swimsuit that’s ready to get wet. some even come from favorite bra brands, like freya, fantasie and panache. and they’ve got as much style as substance. slimming swimsuits imagine if a bathing suit and shapewear had a baby. these swimsuits visually subtract pounds by marrying hidden support with clever styling. think strong stretch fabrics, inner linings that smooth a tummy, and strategic draping, necklines and patterns. they come in plus size, too. tankinis a longer tank-style top + a bottom = these two-piece suits. a tankini top can take the form of a push-up, plunge, halter, blouson and more. tankinis are especially great because they can have a bra-style top built right in. anyone looking for the happy medium, coverage-wise, between a teeny weeny bikini and a one-piece suit would do well with a tankini or two. one-piece swimsuits modern one-piece suits are incredibly chic—definitely not your mama’s bathing suits. they range from basic black and sophisticated solids to artful patterns; sweet maillots to sexy plunging necklines and cutout monokinis; minimal and barely there to flatteringly padded and adorned. bikini tops the upper half of a two-piece suit can take almost endless forms: bra-style underwire cups, triangle tops, halter bikinis, sporty cropped tanks, longline bustiers, strapless bandeaus and so much more. whatever your personal preference, there’s a bikini top to go with it. bikini bottoms these separates run the gamut from high-rise briefs and boy shorts to string bikinis and thongs. there are also low-rise hipsters, mid-rise bottoms—even cute swim skirts. choose bottoms based on whether you want to showcase legs or gloss over hips and thighs. fashion twists include asymmetric cuts, drawstring details and hardware embellishments. right swimsuits for your body type shopping for a bathing suit can be more fraught than finding the perfect jeans. not anymore—we’re on-hand to alleviate your bathing suit concerns by rounding up can’t-go-wrong options. for every shape, we’ve ensured there’s a suit to help you make a splash. pear-shaped your objective is to emphasize your narrow top half and downplay the lower body. look for ruffled, patterned or padded tops, from deep v to a bandeau, that accentuate your chest. in a one piece, side detail like cutouts or patterns highlight a narrow waist. in a two-piece, tankinis are ideal for balancing the body. bottoms like miniskirts obscure thighs; boy shorts provide a proportional fit. solid colored bottoms let your torso take center stage. styling tip: look for vertical prints that draw a long, lean line, top to bottom. full bust your objective is to get the support your chest needs. look for supportive tops that provide comfortable coverage. try bra-sized swimwear, minimizers, halters, wide straps (adjustable if possible) or underwire tops. try a swim dress or skirt. the horizontal hemline visually counters a full bust. in a one-piece, a plunging v-neckline accentuates your assets while straps bolster them. in a two-piece, mix-and-match separates allow you accommodate a bigger top half. styling tip: define your waist with details like shirring, gathering, buckles or belts. small bust your objective is to build your bust with eye-catching patterns (skip solids). look for ruffled, patterned or padded tops, from deep v to a bandeau, that accentuate your chest. in a one-piece, look for an empire waist or a high-cut leg line. in a two-piece, have fun with adjustable triangle tops, an o-ring between the cups, fringe, handkerchief-style tops, ruffles, peekaboo keyhole details and halter or one-strap necklines. styling tip: padding, which can range from light to substantial. how much you bump up your bust is a personal preference. plus size your objective if you’re curvy all over is to showcase legs without sacrificing bust and tummy support. look for sizes 16 and up that fit perfectly, which makes you feel comfortable and confident. in a one-piece, a suit with shaping properties flattens the stomach. in a two-piece, look for a high-waist bottom. styling tip: create an hourglass with waist-whittling details like shirring, gathering, buckles or belts. a black suit is eternally minimizing, and the same goes for black panels on either side, which visually carve your figure. athletic your objective if you’re straight up and down, is to enhance the appearance of curves. look for cool cuts, like sweetheart or halter necklines, that create curves and counter boxiness. in a one-piece, shop for draped fabric, which draws the eye from shoulder to bust to legs, suggesting curves. similarly, gathered fabric at the waist nudges your vertical axis into an hourglass. in a two-piece, try a patterned top with a solid bottom (or vice-versa). a tankini helps crop a long torso. in general, detailed bottoms add to straight hips; high-waisted briefs and boy short bottoms give a pin-up girl silhouette. styling tip: colorblocking is a do. the fields of color break up your shape. swimsuit faqs and tips our in-house swimwear experts field your most popular swimwear questions. q: what colors are my best bets? a: blue is always beautiful. it works on every skin tone, it pops, it’s vibrant, and it makes you look tanner. i’m seeing a ton of blue this year—and every year, for those reasons. turquoise and teal are natural picks for swim season. red is also fabulous on many women, just consider how you tan. if you tend to burn, avoid red. dark jewel tones like plum, navy and chocolate, and of course black, are the most slimming swimsuit colors. pinks can be tough to pull off. mixing tops and bottoms, as opposed to matching them, is a huge trend right now. i always recommend focusing more on the top. that’s usually the harder part to get right; you can pair a black brief with anything. let’s say you find three great tops and two bottoms—now you’ve got six suits! what it comes down to is this: choose based on what you like and what you know tends to work well on you. q: how do i make a swimsuit last longer? a: swimsuits are definitely big wardrobe investments, so you want them to last for as long as possible and still look new every time you pull one out of the drawer. after a wearing, rinse as soon as possible to get rid of chemicals or salt water. then hand-wash with a gentle soap and hang to dry, out of direct sunlight. don’t wear the same suit twice in a row so the lycra can spring back into shape. when shopping, consider what you’re primarily using the suit for. chlorine and hot tubs can destroy a suit in relatively short order. if you’re swimming laps, you may want to consider a chlorine-resistant suit or a more inexpensive suit. q: how do i get the best possible fit? a: first, try on as many options as you can. swimsuits are even more intimate than lingerie because they’re worn out in public! online shopping is great because you get to try on as much as you want in private and return what doesn’t work. every body is different, and so is every brand. always try your size and the one above it to see which is better. swimsuits tend to fit snugly but stretch quickly. if you’re between sizes, think about what you’ll be doing in the suit. if you’re the type who loves to sit poolside and never goes in the water, stick with the bigger size. if you like to swim, go with the smaller size, knowing it’s going to give a little after getting wet. then, don’t just stand in front of a mirror. lift something up, bend over, see how it moves with you and whether it stays put. be sure to start early in the season. you’re putting yourself out there in a big way, so take the time to get it right. for the best range of sizes and styles, the ideal time to shop is april or may. don’t wait until july 3rd to find the perfect july 4th suit. most importantly, don’t get discouraged. your goal is to find a suit that highlights the positives and minimizes flaws. you may need to try things you wouldn’t ordinarily consider, like a high-cut leg line that actually makes legs look longer than a covered-up boyshort would. forget about sizes. no one sees that little tag but you. if a suit fits and you’re comfortable, that’s all that matters. complete the look creating a chic poolside look goes beyond the right swimsuit. we have a fabulous selection of cover ups and flip flops to finish your swim ensemble. choose stylish cover ups like dresses and tunics from splendid that look great over any of our swimsuits for women. flip flops from tkees, havianas and sanuk will keep your pedicured toes stylish and comfy. bare necessities truly has your swimwear needs covered, from head to toe! > more back to top fit tips & advice how to measure your bra size bra fit checklist bra style guide sports bra guide what to wear under white bralette fit guide customer support contact us faqs shipping information bra fitters available 60 day returns shop by style # about bare necessities about us sign-up for email blog see our video e-gift certificates more sexy styles at lingerie.com fit tips & advice how to measure your bra size bra fit checklist bra style guide sports bra guide what to wear under white bralette fit guide customer support contact us faqs shipping information bra fitters available 60 day returns shop by style # bare necessities about us sign-up for email careers blog e-gift certificates more sexy styles at lingerie.com my account sign in create account track order share the love need help? 1.877.728.9272 1.877.728.9272 ship to: © 1997-2018, bareweb, inc., bare necessities® privacy policy | interest based ads | terms of use bra-sized swim finder select a brand,then click go. × which brand do you wear? adore me aerie anita ashley stewart b.tempt'd by wacoal bali calvin klein chantelle charnos curvy couture curvy kate dominique elomi empreinte fantasie freya glamorise lane bryant/cacique le mystère lilyette marlies dekkers miss mandalay natori olga panache playtex pour moi prima donna simone perele soma spanx torrid vanity fair victoria's secret wacoal my brand is not listed go tell us your bra brand. we’ll convert our swimsuits to your equivalent size and suggest the best styles for you. no thanks. close close our apologies...we are experiencing a technical issue with this page. please call us at 1.877.728.9272, 24 hours a day, 7 days a week and we'll gladly help you complete your order. if you prefer, you may also email us at info@barenecessities.com. please include: your name, where on our site you received the error, any questions you may have, and how and when you'd like us to contact you. our business hours are monday-saturday 8am-6pm est. international shipping options select the country you will be shipping to and your preferred billing currency. there was an error. please try again later. select shipping destination afghanistan albania algeria andorra angola anguilla antigua and barbuda armenia aruba australia austria azerbaijan bahamas bahrain bangladesh barbados belarus belgium belize benin bermuda bhutan bolivia bonaire, sint eustatius and saba bosnia and herzegovina botswana brazil brunei darussalam bulgaria burkina faso burundi cã´te d'ivoire cambodia cameroon canada cape verde cayman islands central african republic chad chile china christmas island cocos (keeling) islands colombia comoros congo, democratic republic of the congo, republic of the cook islands costa rica croatia curaã§ao cyprus czech republic denmark djibouti dominica dominican republic ecuador egypt el salvador equatorial guinea eritrea estonia ethiopia falkland islands (malvinas) faroe islands fiji finland france french guiana french polynesia gabon gambia georgia germany ghana gibraltar greece greenland grenada guadeloupe guatemala guernsey guinea guinea-bissau guyana haiti holy see (vatican city state) honduras hong kong hungary iceland india indonesia iraq ireland isle of man israel italy jamaica japan jersey jordan kazakhstan kenya kiribati korea, republic of kuwait kyrgyzstan lao people's democratic republic latvia lebanon lesotho liberia libya liechtenstein lithuania luxembourg macao macedonia, the former yugoslav republic of madagascar malawi malaysia maldives mali malta marshall islands martinique mauritania mauritius mayotte mexico micronesia, federated states of moldova, republic of monaco mongolia montenegro montserrat morocco mozambique myanmar namibia nauru nepal netherlands new caledonia new zealand nicaragua niger nigeria niue norway oman pakistan palau panama papua new guinea paraguay peru philippines poland portugal qatar rã©union romania russian federation rwanda saint barthã©lemy saint kitts and nevis saint lucia saint pierre and miquelon saint vincent and the grenadines samoa san marino sao tome and principe saudi arabia senegal serbia seychelles sierra leone singapore sint maarten (dutch part) slovakia slovenia solomon islands somalia south africa spain sri lanka suriname swaziland sweden switzerland taiwan tajikistan tanzania, united republic of thailand timor-leste togo tonga trinidad and tobago tunisia turkey turks and caicos islands tuvalu uganda ukraine united arab emirates united kingdom united states uruguay uzbekistan vanuatu vietnam virgin islands, british wallis and futuna yemen zambia zimbabwe select currency australian dollar bahamian dollar bahraini dinar balboa barbados dollar belize dollar boliviano bosnian convertible mark british pound bulgarian lev canadian dollar cayman islands dollar cfa franc bceao cfa franc beac chilean peso colombian peso cordoba oro costa rican colon croatian kuna czech koruna danish krone dominican peso egyptian pound euro guarani hong kong dollar hungarian forint indian rupee indonesian rupiah israeli shekel jamaican dollar japanese yen jordanian dinar korean won kuwaiti dinar lebanese pound lempira lilangeni malayan ringgit mexican peso moroccan dirham namibia dollar nepalese rupee netherlands antillan guilder new romanian leu new zealand dollar norwegian krone omani rial pakistan rupee peruvian nuevo sol philippine peso polish zloty qatari riyal quetzal riel rufiyaa russian ruble saudi riyal singapore dollar south african rand sri lanka rupee swedish krona swiss franc taiwan dollar taka tenge thai baht turkish lira ukraine hryvnia united arab emirates dirham uruguay new peso us dollar yuan renminbi set shipping destination & currency i want to shop as a us customer × ×