来源URL: https://web.archive.org/web/20171224080131/https://www.barenecessities.com/special.aspx?specialpage=Careers
================================================================================

shop for intimate apparel at bare necessities friends & family 25% off details skip to main shop by your bra size track order my account my account 0 bra advice, fit tips and support bare necessities main menu search all departments bras shapewear panties hosiery sleep swim sexy clearance featured friends & family: 25% off friends & family: 25% off shop by bra size top rated styles new arrivals clearance departments bras bralettes swimwear panties shapewear hosiery sleepwear dd+ plus size sexy activewear leggings contemporary luxury men's bridal bodysuits accessories shoes socks brands we love wacoal chantelle calvin klein spanx hanky panky freya view all featured friends & family: 25% off friends & family: 25% off buy 1 get 1 50% off shop by bra size dd+ plus size sale top styles sports bra bralettes t-shirt bras underwire wire-free minimizer nursing & maternity strapless racerback push-up front close backless padded demi cup balconette contemporary plunge convertible back smoothing view all brands we love wacoal chantelle fantasie freya elomi glamorise panache featured friends & family: 25% off friends & family: 25% off shaping leggings spanx top 10 styles top rated shapewear guide sale problem area controls tummy all over control trims waist trims torso slims hips & thighs smoothes back shapes rear top styles shaping panties slimming camisoles shaping bodysuits mid-thigh shapers shaping hosiery open bust shapers view all brands we love spanx yummie tc fine shapewear bali miraclesuit maidenform bodywrap camio mio lyssé wacoal va bien commando squeem red hot spanx featured friends & family: 25% off friends & family: 25% off 3 for $30 panty deals expert panty picks best sellers top rated top styles thongs bikinis boyshorts briefs hi-cut briefs shaping & control seamless athletic underwear multi-packs sheer crotchless view all brands we love hanky panky spanx wacoal jockey camio mio commando cosabella calvin klein on gossamer vanity fair knixwear warner's dkny hanro featured friends & family: 25% off friends & family: 25% off buy more & save best sellers top rated new arrivals sale top styles thigh-highs pantyhose tights control top plus hosiery fashion leggings knee-highs socks knee socks athletic socks shoe solutions view all brands we love wolford spanx hue hosiery donna karan falke calvin klein berkshire commando hanes dkny red hot spanx pretty polly hot sox gold toe featured friends & family: 25% off friends & family: 25% off sexy sleepwear plus size sleepwear men's sleepwear cotton pajamas terry robes top styles pajamas loungewear nightgowns sleep shirts robes chemises babydolls pajama sets pajama tops pajama pants bridal slippers shop all brands we love lauren ralph lauren pj harlow dkny karen neuburger p.j. salvage n natori barefoot dreams ugg kate spade new york calvin klein arlotta oscar de la renta flora nikrooz sleepy jones featured friends & family: 25% off friends & family: 25% off shop by swim size best sellers top rated new arrivals swimwear up to 70% off top styles dd+ swimsuits bra-sized swimwear slimming swimsuits plus size swimsuits tankinis bikinis one-piece swimsuits high waisted bikini halters bandeau underwire skirted cover-ups view all brands we love freya fantasie pour moi panache magicsuit miraclesuit sunsets curvy kate anne cole signature prima donna tommy bahama seafolly elomi la blanca featured friends & family: 25% off friends & family: 25% off sexy sets under $40 plus size lingerie best sellers new arrivals sale top styles teddies babydolls & chemises sexy panties see-through clothing bodystockings corsets & bustiers garters & garter belts bodysuits crotchless sexy robes hosiery accessories view all looks we lust lace is more fishnet fetish peek-a-boo cage affair sheer fantasy black magic lingerie costumes brands we love shirley of hollywood leg avenue ann summers rene rofe oh la la cheri dreamgirl jezebel featured friends & family: 25% off friends & family: 25% off clearance by bra size deals under $20 top rated bra sale women's bras bralettes swimwear panties shapewear hosiery sleepwear dd+ bras plus size bras sexy lingerie activewear leggings shop all men's underwear t-shirts undershirts activewear sleepwear shop all bare necessities main menu 0 search menu friends & family sale bras panties shapewear hosiery sleepwear swimwear sexy clearance shop by category bras view all bras shop by bra size expert bra picks dd+ bras bralettes sports bras underwire strapless bras minimizer bras t-shirt bras wire-free bras racerback bras nursing & maternity bras panties view all panties 3 for $30 panty deals expert panty picks thongs bikinis boyshorts briefs hi-cut briefs shaping & control seamless multi packs sheer swimwear view all swim bra-sized swimwear dd+ swimwear plus size swimsuits tankinis bikinis one-piece swimsuits slimming swimsuits hi-waisted bikini bottoms halter swimsuits shop swim by size sale sexy lingerie view all sexy lingerie sexy sets under $40 corsets & bustiers teddies babydolls & chemises bodysuits garters & garter belts plus size lingerie bodystockings sexy robes hosiery best sellers sale sleepwear view all sleepwear chemises & nightgowns pajamas sleepshirts robes pj bottoms slippers sale shapewear view all shapewear spanx controls tummy all over control trims waist trims torso slims hips & thighs smoothes back shapes rear slims legs new arrivals plus size view all plus size sexy lingerie bras panties swimsuits shapewear hosiery shop by bra size expert bra picks new arrivals sale dd+ bras dd+ bras by size swimsuits dd+ swimsuits by size expert bra picks new arrivals sale activewear view all activewear sports bras tanks & tees active pants yoga pants capris shorts active underwear jackets & hoodies new arrivals sale hosiery view all hosiery thigh-highs pantyhose tights knee highs leggings socks control top shoe liners spanx hosiery buy more & save shoes view all shoes flip flops & sandals slippers ugg men's view all men's performance underwear boxer briefs briefs boxers multi packs spanx calvin klein polo ralph lauren clearance all women's all men's more categories accessories luxury lingerie bridal boutique slips and bodysuits leggings top rated styles women's new arrivals men's new arrivals popular brands wacoal spanx calvin klein chantelle natori hanky panky bali freya fantasie elomi panache pour moi ann summers view all brands fit tips & advice perfect fit for all intimates how to measure your bra size bra fit checklist best bras for your body type bra style guide swimsuit guide bralette guide sports bra guide customer support contact us shipping methods 60 day no hassle returns bra fitters available faqs my account sign in create account track order call 1.877.728.9272 call 1.877.728.9272 about us bare necessities is the largest online specialty retailer of women’s branded and designer intimate apparel. our mission is simple: to lift women up. as the bra experts, we know that when women feel comfortable in their own skin - like, really comfortable - only then will they become unstoppable. here’s how we provide support…beyond measure: we’re the fit experts. our expert team of certified ambrassadors™ is here to help fit women into the right bra. they’re also here to meet every woman’s intimate apparel needs beyond bras and build a lifelong relationship. we’ve got the right brands and sizes. we carry bras in an unmatched range of bra brands, in band sizes 28 to 58 and cup sizes aa to n. we also have the web’s best selection of bra-sized swimwear for average, full-busted and curvy women, plus an array of shapewear, hosiery, panties, activewear and even cute, comfy shoes. we will only consider extremely highly-qualified candidates for a position. positions are based in edison, nj. online bra fit specialists: do you have a passion for giving great advice on bra fit and style? are you a lingerie lover and want to share your knowledge of the amazing assortment bare necessities offers? would you like to become part of a community of fit experts, who are helping women change their lives? if you answered “yes!” to any of these questions, we have a great opportunity for you. bare necessities is looking for enthusiastic individuals to represent us as ambrassadors via live chat through our partner, needle. to apply to needle please click heresenior web designer position summary: the senior web designer is a highly motivated individual who will contribute to our in-house creative team designing and maintaining an elevated, dynamic site experience. this position will collaborate with the art director, designers and other departments to develop an ownable, engaging and inspiring identity that communicates an exceptional user experience. this person will be passionate about fashion and will have a strong sense of aesthetics. the senior web designer will have previous experience in designing for digital platforms including desktop, mobile and tablet, enjoy solving complex visual problems with a focus on the principals of design, website usability, color theory, and graphics creation optimized for the web. duties & responsibilities: develop new ideas and creative concepts for a wide variety of interactive projects that inspire customers through design across all digital platforms as well as email and social. collaborate with our creative director, art director, designers, and other departments to deliver high-quality, on-brand graphic solutions to build a superior customer experience. create and manage design documentation, style guides, and specifications. assist creative director and art director with design direction for photo shoots. develop and maintain detailed templates and specifications. design consistent, cohesive, on-brand work. qualifications: minimum of 5 years’ experience in web/internet /digital design. display a solid understanding of site functionality, architecture, and navigation. complete fluency in html/dhtml and css. understands responsive design and can think through ui for multiple devices. design degree required (4-year college degree preferred). online portfolio required. demonstrate a mastery of adobe creative suite. familiar with ms office and adobe acrobat. a strong understanding of high-end, editorial design is essential. knowledge of the fashion industry and how it pertains to online sales. must be able to multi-task in a fast-paced e-commerce environment. to apply for the senior web designer please send your resume and cover letter to jobs3@barenecessities.com.ui designer/developer position summary: the ui designer/developer will translate business & creative requirements into the highest quality user interface for all digital platforms. the ui designer/developer will work collaboratively with our e-commerce, creative and technology teams. the successful candidate understands “pixel perfect” is the minimum requirement. duties & responsibilities: enhancing customer satisfaction and loyalty by improving the usability, engagement, ease of use, and pleasure provided in the interaction between our customers and digital platforms. incorporate user preferences into models of design. test design models through user testing. develop html prototypes to create an innovative look and feel to concepts; structure information filtering/retrieval, coordinate scripts and graphics with writers and designers, test prototypes, observe usability, and define specifications to improve the quality and effectiveness of the creative product to accomplish brand objectives. provide expertise and collaborate with internal constituents to train staff on ui best practices and procedures. explore, advance, and provide cutting-edge solutions to meet internal and external goals and objectives. collaborate with internal business teams to provide guidance and digital expertise to ensure expectations and creative deliverables are being met. anticipate internal business unit needs through thought leadership, issue resolution, and solution innovation. qualifications: 5+ years or equivalent creative or technical background 5+ years’ experience with html, css, javascript & photoshop web user interface design, object-oriented design (ood), analysis, usability testing, web programming skills, web graphic design, understanding browser capabilities clean and intuitive form design, as demonstrated within a portfolio a single-minded focus on our user as the center of our universe easy, direct communication style. equally comfortable with designers as tech speak; appreciate the nuances without sacrificing simplicity an unfailingly upbeat, can-do attitude and collaborative spirit that unites and galvanizes others. understands how to take ownership but happy to share the credit a knack for juggling multiple projects of consequence reliably good judgment and confident, independent problem-solving skills a hard-wired preoccupation with seeing each detail through to a resolution to apply for the ui designer / developer please send your resume and cover letter to jobs9@barenecessities.com.e-commerce coordinator position summary: the e-commerce coordinator is a marketing professional responsible for implementing site content, functionality and features that ensure a great customer experience while maximizing conversion rates, revenue and profit on barenecessities.com. this role requires a high-energy, detailed individual who is deadline driven with strong analytical skills. duties & responsibilities: manage our partner to setup and execution of a/b/multivariate tests and personalization. program promotional site content, leveraging html and our internal cms to deliver the desired experience. personalize on-site search for different customer segments. execute price changes, sales and promotions including images & navigation. create standard, recurring reports to communicate the results of tests. create reports and recommendations for online campaigns to achieve strategic and operational business goals. scrutinize all site enhancements to ensure page speed and site performance are protected. revise schedule per work request specifications and established priorities. conduct patterning to document current feature standards, trends and shifts in common user behavior. proactively resolves problems and roadblocks to keep work flow on schedule and escalate higher level conflicts to manager for resolution. partner with marketing, merchandising, development and it teams to establish and maintain seamless communication, adhere to approved workflow and procedures, and ensure timely and cost-effective execution of site features and functionality. qualifications: strong desire to learn and work with data 1-3 years of experience in a directly related position in digital marketing/web analytics, preferably in the retail or fashion industry. experience with web analytics packages; coremetrics, google analytics, or other analytics packages experience in website content management including image mapping and html (experience with endeca and promotions/cart management a plus) a drive to learn a/b testing, multivariate testing, and related techniques ability to support the translation of marketing strategies into compelling stories, easy to use experiences, and engaging promotions and features bachelor's degree to apply for the e-commerce coordinator please send your resume and cover letter to jobs15@barenecessities.com.customer service representative | ambrassador position summary: as a customer service representative, you will be responsible for helping customers with phone and online orders, product inquiries, and product recommendations. you will become a bra fitting expert in this position, offering fit and styling advice to customers while driving sales. representative(s) will be expected to provide exceptional customer service and deliver an impeccable experience for the bare necessities customer, measured by increased customer satisfaction and service level standards. the position is located in edison, nj. go above and beyond, advocating for every customer concern and request process customer orders via email, chat and phone promote additional products by identifying cross-selling opportunities and selling to customers respond quickly to change with a positive attitude and a willingness to learn new ways to work and achieve goals duties & responsibilities: consistently provide genuine, friendly, personable and professional service go above and beyond advocating for every customer concern and request process customer orders via phone and online ensure customer problems are handled appropriately, escalating issues to supervisor/manager when necessary deliver bra fitting expertise by guiding customers on how to measure and achieve the ‘perfect fitting bra’ build and develop relationships with customers to achieve continued sales growth promote additional products by identifying cross-selling opportunities and selling to customer consistently manage customer expectations, ensure delivery of the highest quality service, and solicit and act on customer feedback respond quickly to change with a positive attitude and willingness to learn new ways to work and achieve goals perform other duties as assigned by management. qualifications: 3+ years of customer service experience or previous exposure to a call center environment ability to emotionally connect with customers to increase brand loyalty and sales ability to handle multiple responsibilities and balance customer priorities ability to multi-task within a fast-paced service environment effective communication, interpersonal and organizational skills in person and on the phone demonstrate excellent listening skills and the ability to work independently and with a team associate’s degree or higher preferred proficient using windows, microsoft office suite, and email/outlook entry-level sales experience a plus high level of professionalism and integrity high level of ownership, accountability and initiative must be able to type 50-60+ words per minute ability to work flexible or changing schedules is a critical aspect of this department. department hours of operation are 7:00 am – 10:00 pm monday-wednesday; 7:00 am – 6:00 pm thursday-friday; 8:30 am – 6:00 pm saturday. customer service team mission statement: we strive to create repeat customers by exceeding expectations with each shopping experience. as intimate apparel consultants, we will share our knowledge of our products and match your needs with the best possible solutions.  our highest caliber customer service will help make bare necessities a household name. to apply for the customer service representative position, please send your resume and cover letter to: jobs13@barenecessities.comassistant buyer position summary: the assistant buyer will team with and support the buyer in driving profitable sales growth and executing all operational functions. duties & responsibilities: assist buyer in the development and execution of sales and assortment plans for categories and vendors perform on-going analysis and interpretation of key business issues as directed by buyer responsible for top notch presentation of product/ categories on our website to maximize conversion and sales independently manage operational functions for a designated buying office. responsibilities include purchase order management, processing markdowns, performing necessary follow-up proficiently manage all internal retail management systems critical to the operation of the business establish and develop strong partnerships with the vendors qualifications: 4-year bachelor’s degree required successful track record as an assistant buyer with 1-2 years of experience in a department store environment e-commerce experience is an advantage strong retail math, problem solving, written and verbal communication skills proficiency in excel, word, and data entry into business management systems strong analytical and quantitative skills proven ability to multi task and adjust priorities as the business requires ability to consistently meet deadlines, both independently and as part of a team ability to travel to new york city frequently for market appointments to apply for the assistant buyer position, please send your resume and cover letter to jobs21@barenecessities.com. back to top fit tips & advice how to measure your bra size bra fit checklist bra style guide the sports bra handbook swimsuit guide bralette fit guide customer support contact us faqs shipping information bra fitters available 60 day returns shop by style # about bare necessities our history sign-up for email careers blog see our video e-gift certificates fit tips & advice how to measure your bra size bra fit checklist bra style guide the sports bra handbook swimsuit guide bralette fit guide customer support contact us faqs shipping information bra fitters available 60 day returns shop by style # about us our history sign-up for email careers blog see our video e-gift certificates my account sign in create account track order share the love need help? 1.877.728.9272 1.877.728.9272 ship to: © 1997-2017, bareweb, inc., bare necessities® privacy policy | interest based ads | terms of use close close our apologies...we are experiencing a technical issue with this page. please call us at 1.877.728.9272, 24 hours a day, 7 days a week and we'll gladly help you complete your order. if you prefer, you may also email us at info@barenecessities.com. please include: your name, where on our site you received the error, any questions you may have, and how and when you'd like us to contact you. our business hours are monday-saturday 8am-6pm est. international shipping options select the country you will be shipping to and your preferred billing currency. there was an error. please try again later. select shipping destination afghanistan albania algeria andorra angola anguilla antigua and barbuda armenia aruba australia austria azerbaijan bahamas bahrain bangladesh barbados belarus belgium belize benin bermuda bhutan bolivia bonaire, sint eustatius and saba bosnia and herzegovina botswana brazil brunei darussalam bulgaria burkina faso burundi cã´te d'ivoire cambodia cameroon canada cape verde cayman islands central african republic chad chile china christmas island cocos (keeling) islands colombia comoros congo, democratic republic of the congo, republic of the cook islands costa rica croatia curaã§ao cyprus czech republic denmark djibouti dominica dominican republic ecuador egypt el salvador equatorial guinea eritrea estonia ethiopia falkland islands (malvinas) faroe islands fiji finland france french guiana french polynesia gabon gambia georgia germany ghana gibraltar greece greenland grenada guadeloupe guatemala guernsey guinea guinea-bissau guyana haiti holy see (vatican city state) honduras hong kong hungary iceland india indonesia iraq ireland isle of man israel italy jamaica japan jersey jordan kazakhstan kenya kiribati korea, republic of kuwait kyrgyzstan lao people's democratic republic latvia lebanon lesotho liberia libya liechtenstein lithuania luxembourg macao macedonia, the former yugoslav republic of madagascar malawi malaysia maldives mali malta marshall islands martinique mauritania mauritius mayotte mexico micronesia, federated states of moldova, republic of monaco mongolia montenegro montserrat morocco mozambique myanmar namibia nauru nepal netherlands new caledonia new zealand nicaragua niger nigeria niue norway oman pakistan palau panama papua new guinea paraguay peru philippines poland portugal qatar rã©union romania russian federation rwanda saint barthã©lemy saint kitts and nevis saint lucia saint pierre and miquelon saint vincent and the grenadines samoa san marino sao tome and principe saudi arabia senegal serbia seychelles sierra leone singapore sint maarten (dutch part) slovakia slovenia solomon islands somalia south africa spain sri lanka suriname swaziland sweden switzerland taiwan tajikistan tanzania, united republic of thailand timor-leste togo tonga trinidad and tobago tunisia turkey turks and caicos islands tuvalu uganda ukraine united arab emirates united kingdom united states uruguay uzbekistan vanuatu vietnam virgin islands, british wallis and futuna yemen zambia zimbabwe select currency australian dollar bahamian dollar bahraini dinar balboa barbados dollar belize dollar boliviano bosnian convertible mark british pound bulgarian lev canadian dollar cayman islands dollar cfa franc bceao cfa franc beac chilean peso colombian peso cordoba oro costa rican colon croatian kuna czech koruna danish krone dominican peso egyptian pound euro guarani hong kong dollar hungarian forint indian rupee indonesian rupiah israeli shekel jamaican dollar japanese yen jordanian dinar korean won kuwaiti dinar lebanese pound lempira lilangeni malayan ringgit mexican peso moroccan dirham namibia dollar nepalese rupee netherlands antillan guilder new romanian leu new zealand dollar norwegian krone omani rial pakistan rupee peruvian nuevo sol philippine peso polish zloty qatari riyal quetzal riel rufiyaa russian ruble saudi riyal singapore dollar south african rand sri lanka rupee swedish krona swiss franc taiwan dollar taka tenge thai baht turkish lira ukraine hryvnia united arab emirates dirham uruguay new peso us dollar yuan renminbi set shipping destination & currency i want to shop as a us customer × ×