来源URL: https://web.archive.org/web/20171224080131/https://www.barenecessities.com/Bras_catalog_nxs,31.htm
================================================================================

the world's best bras, bra types & bra brands | bare necessities friends & family 25% off details skip to main shop by your bra size track order my account my account 0 bra advice, fit tips and support bare necessities main menu search all departments bras shapewear panties hosiery sleep swim sexy clearance featured friends & family: 25% off friends & family: 25% off shop by bra size top rated styles new arrivals clearance departments bras bralettes swimwear panties shapewear hosiery sleepwear dd+ plus size sexy activewear leggings contemporary luxury men's bridal bodysuits accessories shoes socks brands we love wacoal chantelle calvin klein spanx hanky panky freya view all featured friends & family: 25% off friends & family: 25% off buy 1 get 1 50% off shop by bra size dd+ plus size sale top styles sports bra bralettes t-shirt bras underwire wire-free minimizer nursing & maternity strapless racerback push-up front close backless padded demi cup balconette contemporary plunge convertible back smoothing view all brands we love wacoal chantelle fantasie freya elomi glamorise panache featured friends & family: 25% off friends & family: 25% off shaping leggings spanx top 10 styles top rated shapewear guide sale problem area controls tummy all over control trims waist trims torso slims hips & thighs smoothes back shapes rear top styles shaping panties slimming camisoles shaping bodysuits mid-thigh shapers shaping hosiery open bust shapers view all brands we love spanx yummie tc fine shapewear bali miraclesuit maidenform bodywrap camio mio lyssé wacoal va bien commando squeem red hot spanx featured friends & family: 25% off friends & family: 25% off 3 for $30 panty deals expert panty picks best sellers top rated top styles thongs bikinis boyshorts briefs hi-cut briefs shaping & control seamless athletic underwear multi-packs sheer crotchless view all brands we love hanky panky spanx wacoal jockey camio mio commando cosabella calvin klein on gossamer vanity fair knixwear warner's dkny hanro featured friends & family: 25% off friends & family: 25% off buy more & save best sellers top rated new arrivals sale top styles thigh-highs pantyhose tights control top plus hosiery fashion leggings knee-highs socks knee socks athletic socks shoe solutions view all brands we love wolford spanx hue hosiery donna karan falke calvin klein berkshire commando hanes dkny red hot spanx pretty polly hot sox gold toe featured friends & family: 25% off friends & family: 25% off sexy sleepwear plus size sleepwear men's sleepwear cotton pajamas terry robes top styles pajamas loungewear nightgowns sleep shirts robes chemises babydolls pajama sets pajama tops pajama pants bridal slippers shop all brands we love lauren ralph lauren pj harlow dkny karen neuburger p.j. salvage n natori barefoot dreams ugg kate spade new york calvin klein arlotta oscar de la renta flora nikrooz sleepy jones featured friends & family: 25% off friends & family: 25% off shop by swim size best sellers top rated new arrivals swimwear up to 70% off top styles dd+ swimsuits bra-sized swimwear slimming swimsuits plus size swimsuits tankinis bikinis one-piece swimsuits high waisted bikini halters bandeau underwire skirted cover-ups view all brands we love freya fantasie pour moi panache magicsuit miraclesuit sunsets curvy kate anne cole signature prima donna tommy bahama seafolly elomi la blanca featured friends & family: 25% off friends & family: 25% off sexy sets under $40 plus size lingerie best sellers new arrivals sale top styles teddies babydolls & chemises sexy panties see-through clothing bodystockings corsets & bustiers garters & garter belts bodysuits crotchless sexy robes hosiery accessories view all looks we lust lace is more fishnet fetish peek-a-boo cage affair sheer fantasy black magic lingerie costumes brands we love shirley of hollywood leg avenue ann summers rene rofe oh la la cheri dreamgirl jezebel featured friends & family: 25% off friends & family: 25% off clearance by bra size deals under $20 top rated bra sale women's bras bralettes swimwear panties shapewear hosiery sleepwear dd+ bras plus size bras sexy lingerie activewear leggings shop all men's underwear t-shirts undershirts activewear sleepwear shop all bare necessities main menu 0 search menu friends & family sale bras panties shapewear hosiery sleepwear swimwear sexy clearance shop by category bras view all bras shop by bra size expert bra picks dd+ bras bralettes sports bras underwire strapless bras minimizer bras t-shirt bras wire-free bras racerback bras nursing & maternity bras panties view all panties 3 for $30 panty deals expert panty picks thongs bikinis boyshorts briefs hi-cut briefs shaping & control seamless multi packs sheer swimwear view all swim bra-sized swimwear dd+ swimwear plus size swimsuits tankinis bikinis one-piece swimsuits slimming swimsuits hi-waisted bikini bottoms halter swimsuits shop swim by size sale sexy lingerie view all sexy lingerie sexy sets under $40 corsets & bustiers teddies babydolls & chemises bodysuits garters & garter belts plus size lingerie bodystockings sexy robes hosiery best sellers sale sleepwear view all sleepwear chemises & nightgowns pajamas sleepshirts robes pj bottoms slippers sale shapewear view all shapewear spanx controls tummy all over control trims waist trims torso slims hips & thighs smoothes back shapes rear slims legs new arrivals plus size view all plus size sexy lingerie bras panties swimsuits shapewear hosiery shop by bra size expert bra picks new arrivals sale dd+ bras dd+ bras by size swimsuits dd+ swimsuits by size expert bra picks new arrivals sale activewear view all activewear sports bras tanks & tees active pants yoga pants capris shorts active underwear jackets & hoodies new arrivals sale hosiery view all hosiery thigh-highs pantyhose tights knee highs leggings socks control top shoe liners spanx hosiery buy more & save shoes view all shoes flip flops & sandals slippers ugg men's view all men's performance underwear boxer briefs briefs boxers multi packs spanx calvin klein polo ralph lauren clearance all women's all men's more categories accessories luxury lingerie bridal boutique slips and bodysuits leggings top rated styles women's new arrivals men's new arrivals popular brands wacoal spanx calvin klein chantelle natori hanky panky bali freya fantasie elomi panache pour moi ann summers view all brands fit tips & advice perfect fit for all intimates how to measure your bra size bra fit checklist best bras for your body type bra style guide swimsuit guide bralette guide sports bra guide customer support contact us shipping methods 60 day no hassle returns bra fitters available faqs my account sign in create account track order call 1.877.728.9272 call 1.877.728.9272 bras 1730 results bras (1730 results) home bras filters sort best sellers price high-to-low price low-to-high brands a-z brands z-a new arrivals sort by best sellersprice high-to-lowprice low-to-highbrands a-zbrands z-anew arrivals filter by style wire-free underwire sports bras bralettes strapless bras minimizer bras t-shirt bras dd+ bras plus size bras racerback bras push-up bras front close bras backless bras corsets & bustiers nursing & maternity bras balconette bras demi cup bras lace bras padded bras plunge bras back smoothing bras convertible bras halter bras seamless bras bandeau bras mastectomy bras cotton bras bra accessories bras on sale best sellers top rated new arrivals close size 28a 28b 28c 28dd 28e 28f 28ff 28g 28gg 28h 28hh 28j 30aa 30a 30b 30c 30d 30dd 30ddd 30dddd 30e 30f 30ff 30g 30gg 30h 30hh 30i 30j 30jj 30k 30o 32aa 32a 32b 32c 32d 32dd 32ddd 32dddd 32e 32f 32ff 32g 32gg 32h 32hh 32i 32j 32jj 32k 32l 32o 34aa 34a 34b 34c 34d 34dd 34ddd 34dddd 34e 34f 34ff 34g 34gg 34h 34hh 34i 34j 34jj 34k 34l 34m 34n 34o 36aa 36a 36b 36c 36d 36dd 36ddd 36dddd 36e 36f 36ff 36g 36gg 36h 36hh 36i 36j 36jj 36k 36l 36m 36n 36o 38aa 38a 38b 38c 38d 38dd 38ddd 38dddd 38e 38f 38ff 38g 38gg 38h 38hh 38i 38j 38jj 38k 38l 38m 38n 38o 40aa 40a 40b 40c 40d 40dd 40ddd 40dddd 40e 40f 40ff 40g 40gg 40h 40hh 40i 40j 40jj 40k 40l 40m 40n 40o 42aa 42a 42b 42c 42d 42dd 42ddd 42dddd 42e 42f 42ff 42g 42gg 42h 42hh 42i 42j 42jj 42k 42l 42m 42n 42o 44a 44b 44c 44d 44dd 44ddd 44dddd 44e 44f 44ff 44g 44gg 44h 44hh 44i 44j 44k 44l 44m 44n 44o 46a 46aa 46b 46c 46d 46dd 46ddd 46dddd 46e 46f 46ff 46g 46gg 46h 46hh 46i 46j 46k 46l 46m 48a 48aa 48b 48c 48d 48dd 48ddd 48dddd 48e 48f 48ff 48g 48h 48i 48j 48k 48l 50a 50b 50c 50d 50dd 50ddd 50dddd 50e 50f 50ff 50g 50h 50i 50j 50k 52a 52b 52c 52d 52dd 52ddd 52dddd 52e 52f 52ff 52g 52h 52i 52j 54a 54b 54c 54d 54dd 54ddd 54dddd 54e 54f 54ff 54g 54h 54i 54j 56a 56b 56c 56d 56dd 56ddd 56f 56ff 56g 56h 56i 56j 58b close brand 2(x)ist adina reay amoena anita ann summers ashley graham aubade b.tempt'd by wacoal bali bare necessities bluebella bracli bramour bravado designs brooks cake lingerie calvin klein champion chantelle charnos cleo by panache commando contradiction coobie cortland intimates cosabella creme bralee curvy couture curvy kate dita von teese dkny dominique dreamgirl elle macpherson body elomi else lingerie empreinte enell fantasie fashion forms felina fine lines for love & lemons forever new free people french affair freya glamorise goddess gossard hanes hanky panky hanro heidi klum intimates honeydew intimates hot as hell jockey knixwear l'agent by agent provocateur la perla le mystère leading lady leonisa lily of france lilyette maidenform maison close maison lejaby marie jo marlies dekkers mimi holliday miss mandalay natori nike nux oh la la cheri olga ongossamer only hearts onzie panache paramour parfait passionata (a chantelle brand) perfects australia playtex pour moi prima donna q-t intimates reebok rhonda shear rosie pope scantilly by curvy kate sculptresse seven 'til midnight shock absorber simone perele skarlett blue sleepy jones spanx the little bra company thistle & spire tommy hilfiger triumph trusst under armour unveiled by felina va bien vanity fair vimmia wacoal warner's wick’em yummie close color animal beige black blue brown floral gold green grey ivory metallic multi-colored nude orange pink print purple red silver white yellow close 1 of 29viewing 1 - 60 of 1730view 300 per page shop friends & family more curvy couture tulip lace push-up bra $39.99 - $60.00 extra 25% off today hidden button curvy couture tulip lace push-up bra 42 reviews colors: details: feminine balconette bra with graduated push-up pads built-in soft pads and underwire give you a natural lift tulip-shaped satin cups with sexy lace and side boning eliminate back bulge with wide, smoothing back wings back adjustable straps stay-put for premium comfort featured review: on september 17, 2017 sexy and supportive bra for bbb this bra is not only flattering and supportive, but actually sexy. that's not easy to find when you get up to a 40dd. i'm absolutely thrilled to own this bra in black and nude. click to order this style​​ × more marie jo avero convertible t-shirt bra $86.99 - $125.00 extra 25% off today hidden button marie jo avero convertible t-shirt bra 27 reviews colors: details: this convertible underwire t-shirt bra is a must-have achieve a smooth, sculpted silhouette with contour cups customize the fit with back adjustable stretch straps straps convert to criss-cross, halter and traditional stay-put silicone lining along band keeps bra from shifting featured review: on september 11, 2017 best bra ever !!!!! i love this bra so much that whenever a new color comes out, i must buy it even thought it is expensive washes well and worth the extra money ! click to order this style​​ × more glamorise wonderwire® front-close bra $49.00 extra 25% off today hidden button glamorise wonderwire® front-close bra 335 reviews colors: details: feel confident in this comfy front-close, underwire bra wonderwire® design has a hidden cushioned comfort band comfort band prevents underwire from touching the body supportive cups have inner slings for added shape eliminate back bulge with wide, smoothing back wings featured review: on september 26, 2017 comfortable the wider shoulder straps are more comfortable. a little less sexy but good. click to order this style​​ × more wacoal maximum control sports bra $47.99 - $65.00 extra 25% off sale colors hidden button wacoal maximum control sports bra 238 reviews colors: +2 more details: workout with ease in this underwire sports bra built for high-impact activities such as kickboxing encapsulated cups for support; compression for holding superior support and comfort due to underwire on outside exterior wire prevents contact with skin to eliminate chafing featured review: on september 19, 2017 underwired, great support have worn several times and love it. this is my second bra, same type. lots of support click to order this style​​ × more chantelle c magnifique minimizer bra $68.00 extra 25% off sale colors hidden button chantelle c magnifique minimizer bra 148 reviews colors: +2 more details: minimize bustline by one inch in this minimizer bra maintain natural shape in molded double-layer cups seamless, lined underwire cups are free of padding flattering lift and support thanks to built-in inner slings minimize bulge with wide smoothing sides and back featured review: on september 7, 2017 chantelle c magnifique minimizer bea i have had so much trouble finding a comfortable bra that actually fits, but this one is wonderful. click to order this style​​ × more panache ultimate maximum control sports bra $70.00 extra 25% off today hidden button panache ultimate maximum control sports bra 651 reviews colors: details: reduce bounce by 83% with our #1 underwire sports bra built for high-impact activities such as kickboxing encapsulated cups support each breast individually greater comfort and support thanks to silicone encased underwires smooth, flat seams look virtually invisible under clothing featured review: on september 23, 2017 most supportive sports bra this is my second time purchasing this sports bra. i can't say enough good things about this bra. very, very supportive. holds up well though lots of washings. i had to buy two new ones because i lost some weight and the first ones i bought no longer fit. i had the prior ones for close to three years and they were still in great shape. i run and cycle and always feel very secure in this bra. i am 50 years old. the sizing might run just a tad small. click to order this style​​ × more wacoal basic beauty t-shirt bra $55.00 extra 25% off sale colors hidden button wacoal basic beauty t-shirt bra 175 reviews colors: +3 more details: achieve great support in this underwire t-shirt bra prevent show-through with seamless spacer-lined cups light, spacer fabric gives opacity like foam minus the weight smooth and soft bodysuede knit fabric lines the stretch cups exceptional shaping support from inner slings featured review: on september 19, 2017 beautiful finally a bra that fits thanks to the helpful advice provided by bare necessities. click to order this style​​ × more elomi cate side support bra $39.99 - $59.00 extra 25% off sale colors hidden button elomi cate side support bra 86 reviews colors: +3 more details: lift and shape your breasts in this full cup bra seamed, 3-part double-layer underwire cups maximum lift and natural shape thanks to exterior side panels breathable mesh wings help smooth your back end strap slipping with adjustable, close-set straps featured review: on september 26, 2017 great fit beautiful bras, gorgeous colors and fit. so pleased click to order this style​​ × more wacoal basic beauty bra $50.00 extra 25% off sale colors hidden button wacoal basic beauty bra 223 reviews colors: details: supportive, full coverage seamless underwire bra stretchy molded cups provide a custom fit a great bra for those who aren't quite even on both sides exceptional support added due to built-in inner slings end strap slipping with adjustable, close-set straps featured review: on september 5, 2017 great to get savings on favorite bra i was excited to be able to save $$ on my favorite wacoal bra . fits wonderful staff so polite & helpful . click to order this style​​ × more prima donna madison full cup bra $126.00 extra 25% off today hidden button prima donna madison full cup bra 115 reviews colors: details: get an amazing fit and feel in this gingham pattern bra luxe, stretch leavers lace at top of cup for a custom fit feel soft, padded underwire is nickel-free for optimum comfort supportive, 3-part seamed cups with full cup coverage end strap slipping with adjustable, close-set straps featured review: on september 13, 2017 i love this bra. i never heard of this brand/bra till a specialty shop and now i havn't looked back. putting it on it was the first time in about a year i felt comfortable. i am a 34g/h. i've tried freya, panache, elomi, wacoal. a lot of those put serious strain on my shoulders causing me months of pain and finally when i found this bra poof all gone. for the love of all things don't put it in a dryer w/o a fancy drying bag! i've put them in by themselves and the back clasps keep getting caught an breaking off. ruined two this way cause i don't learn. click to order this style​​ × more wacoal awareness seamless bra $44.99 - $65.00 extra 25% off sale colors hidden button wacoal awareness seamless bra 168 reviews colors: +2 more details: this seamless underwire bra offers support and full coverage natural shape achieved with inner slings in molded cups shoulder pain relieved with wide comfort straps 42-44 dd-h cups have rigid straps smooth, stretch jacquard calla lily microfiber featured review: on september 16, 2017 great bra! i found this brand at a department store and bought myself an awareness seamless bra, after noticing how comfortable it was and also that minimize my actual size and the support it provides. i fell in love with it and came to the official page and bought two more! i love this particular bra and hope to purchase a couple more. i have no complains what so ever about this bra but it would be nice to have an option to get it with thin straps so one can wear it with spaghetti strap tops. overall i am so very happy with my purchase. click to order this style​​ × more freya idol balcony t-shirt bra $68.00 extra 25% off sale colors hidden button freya idol balcony t-shirt bra 53 reviews colors: details: achieve dramatic uplift in this underwire balcony bra prevent show-through with seamless foam-lined cups fully adjustable, close-set, stretch straps won’t slip 3 column, 2 row hook and eye back closure columns and rows increase with size featured review: on september 22, 2017 great fit i purchased the 32dd size (i am 5'4", 125#) and the fit is so great! it gives me the support i need click to order this style​​ × more elomi caitlyn side support bra $55.00 extra 25% off today hidden button elomi caitlyn side support bra 281 reviews colors: details: lift and shape your breasts in this full cup underwire bra breathable comfort with sheer, embroidered top cup panel comfort for high tummies with arched center panel additional support due to inner slings and firm wings end strap slipping with adjustable, leotard back straps featured review: on september 14, 2017 great fit i've been wearing elomi for years and these have never failed me. all the different styles that i've bought have worked great. you must be measured properly in order to insure proper fit. i am a 34j uk size which is equivalent to us 34m. i'm so glad they offer smaller band sizes and realize that not all large breast women have a back like an ape. click to order this style​​ × more chantelle rive gauche bra $49.99 - $88.00 extra 25% off sale colors hidden button chantelle rive gauche bra 131 reviews colors: details: lightweight comfort as the lace lays flat under clothing rounded, natural silhouette due to angled cup seams customize the fit with fully adjustable stretch straps semi-sheer stretch lace lays flat under clothing feminine look and feel in semi-sheer stretch lace featured review: on september 15, 2017 cannot live without this bra!!! i have tried other bras since the chantelle rive gaughe and have always come up dissatisfied. the bra runs a bit small, so size up one around band (i usually wear a 32, but here must wear a 34.) the rive gauche gives unparalleled support for the entire breast with its 3 part design, an is the ultimate in comfort click to order this style​​ × more wacoal retro chic bra $60.00 extra 25% off sale colors hidden button wacoal retro chic bra 214 reviews colors: +2 more details: beautiful, vintage inspired lace underwire bra superior lift and shape due to seamed, double-layer cups minimize bulge with smoothing wings and back end strap slipping with adjustable, leotard back straps additional support from sewn-on elastic underband featured review: on september 12, 2017 comfort at its best i know this bra as i have it for a long time. most comfortable of my bras. this one is my second one, same style. you don't even know your wearing a bra. click to order this style​​ × more fantasie smoothing t-shirt bra $60.00 extra 25% off today hidden button fantasie smoothing t-shirt bra 148 reviews colors: details: perfectly seamless & smooth underwire t-shirt bra contoured cups are foam lined for modesty uplift, smooth and round your shape in the seamless cups fully adjustable, restricted stretch straps arched center panel is perfect for high tummies featured review: on september 13, 2017 a keeper! this bra is a staple in my wardrobe! i own 3 (including the strapless version). it keeps everything front and center and has great support! it gives me a great shape without pushing my breast shape out to the sides. the support is so good, that it almost minimizes. keep in mind that it seems to run large. normally i'm a 32dd but had to get a 30dd in this bra - and it fits perfectly. the straps sometimes slip, but i have narrow shoulders. i only wish they still offered it in the dark brown color they had several years ago. but, still the best bra i own. it certainly isn't the prettiest bra on the market, but i'd rather have a bra that offers good support and shape than a pretty bra that that has no support and makes me look frumpy. don't hesitate, this bra will be one of the best bra purchases you'll ever make! click to order this style​​ × more fantasie smoothing balcony bra $50.00 extra 25% off today hidden button fantasie smoothing balcony bra 119 reviews colors: details: mirror your natural shape with this molded cup bra seamless and smooth unlined underwire cups excellent for women with a short upper torso fully adjustable, limited stretch straps 3 column, 2 row hook and eye back closure featured review: on september 12, 2017 great bra! i have worn this bra for several years. i have tried others but always find this one to be the absolute best for my size. it's so hard to find a larger cup size bra with a smaller band size but this fantasie bra does just that. love the smooth look this bra provides. click to order this style​​ × more prima donna deauville full cup bra $69.99 - $142.00 extra 25% off today hidden button prima donna deauville full cup bra 47 reviews colors: details: feel beautiful wearing this gorgeous embroidered lace bra supportive, unlined 3-part cup design lifts and shapes soft, padded underwire is nickel-free for optimum comfort customized fit thanks to elastic lining at top of cups close-set back adjustable stretch straps featured review: on september 21, 2017 my best friend! i have tried so many bras and this one is the best for big breasts. it lifts and separates and i don't have to worry about adjusting are pulling up the front and tugging on my straps. large breasted women know what i am talking about. it is expensive and worth every penny. take care of it by gently hand washing and letting air dry and it lasts a long time. i still wear the first prima donna purshased 2 years ago. if you purchase one, i hope you love it as much as i do. click to order this style​​ × more elomi matilda convertible plunge bra $47.99 - $69.00 extra 25% off sale colors hidden button elomi matilda convertible plunge bra 31 reviews colors: details: flaunt your curves in this elegant sheer plunge bra strategically designed 3-part underwire cups offer shape and lift get a custom fit feel with elasticized lining along plunge cups reinforced side panels provide forward shape and support flexible back sweep makes it easy to convert with j-hook featured review: on september 8, 2017 nice bra but runs a little big! i bought this bra because i finally figured out my new, correct bra size and it was one of my trial pieces. what i found was this seems to run large in the cup compared to the other 38hh bras i ordered from a different brand. i filled out the bottoms ok, but had way too much room in the top. lots of wrinkling on the top and some wrinkling on the sides as well. since i already found 3 other bras i loved, i'm returning this one for now and might try exploring elomi in a cup size down to see if that helps with the fit issues. band size was perfect, very comfortable and i loved the extra details. in spite of the loose and wrinkled fabric in the top of the cup i still felt like the bra was otherwise decently supportive. click to order this style​​ × more le mystère dream tisha t-shirt bra $69.00 extra 25% off today hidden button le mystère dream tisha t-shirt bra 236 reviews colors: details: sensational smooth and sleek seamless t-shirt bra seamless front cups are attached to the center panel feminine modesty with smooth foam-lined underwire cups experience added support with side boning on wide wings end strap slipping with adjustable, close-set straps featured review: on september 17, 2017 excellent fit! these bras are such a great fit which makes them very comfortable. no digging or binding even after a long day. the only problem i have encountered is that the adjustable straps tend to slide. so...once i've got them adjusted properly, i run a small line of machine stitching across the strap. the stitching is barely noticeable and the problem is solved! click to order this style​​ × more panache porcelain elan convertible t-shirt bra $68.00 extra 25% off today hidden button panache porcelain elan convertible t-shirt bra 26 reviews colors: details: supportive, everyday underwire t-shirt bra prevent show-through with seamless foam-lined cups minimize back bulge with smoothing, stretch wings end strap slipping with adjustable, close-set straps easily converts to criss-cross for multiple wear options featured review: on august 30, 2017 good bra i like this bra it fits well but doesn't give me the cleavage like the other panache t-shirt bra does. i think the other one fit's just a little bit better. i do like the straps being able to cross the straps in the back to take some of the weight off my shoulders but one side keeps slipping out when i put it on. it doesn't stay as well as the other panache bra does. love panache bra's and bathing suite would totally recommend them click to order this style​​ × more empreinte melody seamless bra $177.00 extra 25% off today hidden button empreinte melody seamless bra 47 reviews colors: details: mirror your shape in this full cup underwire bra natural shape maintained in molded unlined cups excellent side support thanks to built-in boning customize the fit with back adjustable stretch straps semi-sheer chantilly lace featured review: on september 15, 2017 pretty i wear a 32 band in the majority of my bras however; in this brand the band runs extremely large; i returned it for a 30 and it is still to big..... unfortunately no smaller size band so retuning it for a refund. a very pretty and sturdy bra. click to order this style​​ × more prima donna seamless satin bra $105.00 extra 25% off today hidden button prima donna seamless satin bra 28 reviews colors: details: incredibly soft, seamless unlined everyday bra maintain natural looking shape thanks to molded, cups soft, padded underwire is nickel-free for optimum comfort fully adjustable, stretch close-set straps won't slip luxurious stretch microfiber with a hint of shimmer in fabric featured review: on august 24, 2017 second one, previous one lasted 5 years! prima donna is a great brand. i have had some for 5+ years. i alternate, so each is only worn every 4 or 5 days. i have this bra and wanted another one because i use this a lot in the summer. yes, they are expensive, but they last so long! i have never retired one since i started buying this brand in 2011. click to order this style​​ × more empreinte cassiopee full cup bra $182.00 extra 25% off today hidden button empreinte cassiopee full cup bra 18 reviews colors: details: mirror your natural shape in gorgeous unlined full cups molded underwire cups encase bust for a phenomenal fit end strap slipping with adjustable, close-set straps 3 column, 2 row hook and eye back closure columns and rows increase with size featured review: on september 6, 2017 love this bra! this is my absolute favorite bra! i usually wear bras with moulded cups, but this bra looks so beautiful under clothes and is very comfortable. i have it in two colors. click to order this style​​ × more spanx bra-llelujah front-close t-shirt bra $68.00 extra 25% off today hidden button spanx bra-llelujah front-close t-shirt bra 16 reviews colors: details: oh-so comfortable, elastic-free underwire t-shirt bra prevent show-through with memory foam-lined contour cups ultra-soft, plush cups and fabric makes this bra a dream to wear subtle plunging neckline makes this style great for low cut tops this amazing bra retains its shape after each wear featured review: on june 27, 2017 bra review this is the most comfortable and supportive bra i have ever worn. i love it. click to order this style​​ × more wacoal halo t-shirt bra $56.00 extra 25% off today hidden button wacoal halo t-shirt bra 23 reviews colors: details: smooth silhouette in this underwire t-shirt bra breathable, lightweight spacer foam-lined contour cups supportive inner mesh sling for sizes ddd and g cup end strap slipping with adjustable, close-set straps seamless, stretch microfiber featured review: on september 7, 2017 great t-shirt bra perfect everyday bra, not too padded or bulky. very comfortable! click to order this style​​ × shop dd+ bra styles more anita maximum control wire-free sports bra $69.00 hidden button anita maximum control wire-free sports bra 221 reviews colors: +2 more details: work out in this maximum impact wire-free sports bra built for high-impact activities such as zumba encapsulated cups for support; compression for holding stay dry with moisture-wicking microfiber terry-lined cups natural shape maintained by seamed double-layer cups featured review: on august 29, 2017 best sports bra ever i purchased three of this bra style and could not be happier. this bra provides outstanding support without underwire and motion is completely under control. when you wear this bra, those "girls" aren't going anywhere! the bra may be expensive, but it is very durable and well-constructed. the shoulder straps are lightly padded for extra comfort. click to order this style​​ × more natori feathers plunge bra $39.99 - $68.00 extra 25% off sale colors hidden button natori feathers plunge bra 39 reviews colors: +5 more details: this t-shirt bra offers a beautiful sexy look on body featherlight contour pads offer a natural lift deep plunging underwire works great with low cut tops customize the fit with adjustable stretch straps 3 column, 2 row hook and eye back closure featured review: on april 29, 2017 lovely and great fit! this is the third order i have placed for this bra over past three years. this time i bought three! only bra that fits and looks pretty as well as comfortable on my robs afgdr seven thoracic surgeries!! thank you!!! click to order this style​​ × more wacoal visual effects minimizer bra $65.00 hidden button wacoal visual effects minimizer bra 55 reviews colors: details: reduce your bust up to 1 inch in this minimizer bra natural shape maintained in molded double-layer cups great style if breasts are different sizes end strap slipping with adjustable, close-set straps smooth, engineered lace with sheer mesh lining featured review: on september 19, 2017 loved it. true to size bought a 36d and it fit perfectly. very comfortable. click to order this style​​ × more wacoal red carpet strapless bra $65.00 extra 25% off sale colors hidden button wacoal red carpet strapless bra 121 reviews colors: details: smooth silhouette in this strapless underwire bra added comfort with padded underband and foam-lined cups virtually invisible under clothing with seamless cups bra stays in place thanks to the mobilon® strip excellent side-support with built-in boning featured review: on september 25, 2017 love this bra bought this bra because of the rating and yup everyone was right - this is the most comfortable strapless bra ever and most importantly it stayed up the entire day for me. even had to do a small little jog after my dog and it stayed put. by the night time i almost forgot i was wearing it. since it has straps too, i ordered another and may start using it as my every day bra as well. click to order this style​​ × more freya sonic sports bra $47.99 - $69.00 extra 25% off sale colors hidden button freya sonic sports bra 91 reviews colors: details: increase your stamina in this supportive, underwire sports bra built for high-impact activities such as running encapsulated cups support each breast individually breathable, lightweight spacer foam-lined cups comfort straps gently cushion the shoulders featured review: on september 26, 2017 really like it! it is very supportive and i need that. i have just a very tiny amount of spillage but am able to tuck it in okay. i like that it isn't so padded as compared to panache and chantelle and has just as much support. click to order this style​​ × more elomi amelia t-shirt bra $78.00 hidden button elomi amelia t-shirt bra 79 reviews colors: details: experience lightweight breathable spacer foam cups smooth sculpted look with seamless full coverage prevent side spillage with side support cups adjustable, close-set, stretch straps won't slip stretch microfiber with subtle contrast lace trim featured review: on september 4, 2017 elomi amelia t-shirt bra. the best fit straps stay in place clothes look great calling it a t-shirt bra short sells it smooth fit for smooth tops click to order this style​​ × more chantelle c magnifique minimizer t-shirt bra $69.00 extra 25% off sale colors hidden button chantelle c magnifique minimizer t-shirt bra 20 reviews colors: details: minimize bustline by one inch in this minimizer bra seamless foam cups make this the perfect t-shirt bra great shape due to fuller coverage and supportive underwire eliminate back bulge with wide, smoothing back wings end strap slipping with adjustable, leotard back straps featured review: on september 19, 2017 padded t-shirt minimizer bra i don't look like the lady at the end of the opera with the cone breastplates. i don't have to use shoulder pads or pasty's stuffed inside of the bra to cover my nipples. i am going to order another. perhaps a g instead of an h. jackets and tops fit without me having to keep chugging them closed click to order this style​​ × more panache envy balconette bra $24.99 - $67.00 extra 25% off today hidden button panache envy balconette bra 55 reviews colors: details: achieve dramatic uplift in this balcony underwire bra added support thanks to side slings and 4-part cups perfect fit with stretch lace top cups end strap slipping with adjustable, close-set straps stretch microfiber lace and power mesh wings featured review: on september 21, 2017 great for large chests i've been looking for a bra that holds everything in but isn't overwhelming and looks ugly. this bra is elegant and pretty. it also holds the sides and lifts well without the strap in the back giving you "back fat". i just ordered another color. the last test will be if it holds up for more than 5 months. a competing brand's underwire breaks at month 5-6 (with proper washing & care) and there's no return/refund on poor quality. click to order this style​​ × more wacoal halo lace convertible bra $48.00 extra 25% off sale colors hidden button wacoal halo lace convertible bra 65 reviews colors: +2 more details: versatile, unlined underwire lace bra with j-hook natural shape maintained in molded double-layer cups added support with inner slings for ddd and g cup size adjustable stretch straps convert to racerback arched center panel is perfect for high tummies featured review: on september 14, 2017 my favorite bra ever. i wear 32ddd, which is a difficult size to find. wacoal always comes through for me, and i hit the jackpot with this one. it's incredibly comfortable, supportive without added padding, and looks smooth under my clothes. the versatility added with the j hook is great. i wear this every day, with the exception of a push up bra when i'm very extra sexy. i ordered it in brown originally because it was on sale, but came back to order it in two more colors because i love it so much! click to order this style​​ × more freya fancies plunge balcony bra $37.99 - $58.00 extra 25% off sale colors hidden button freya fancies plunge balcony bra 13 reviews colors: +4 more details: mirror your natural shape in this stunning plunge bra 3-part double layer underwire cups provide lift and support boning on back offers structured support customize the fit with adjustable stretch straps gated back 1 row hook and eye closure on d-g cups featured review: on june 23, 2017 flirty and comfortable this is a beautiful bra that's also surprisingly supportive--i was not expecting that, especially in my size, with only the one hook. but i love it! the lace is a nice flirty choice and the colors are beautiful (i got the blue one after picking up the petal pink in a brick-and-mortar store near me). click to order this style​​ × more chantelle high impact sports bra $72.00 extra 25% off sale colors hidden button chantelle high impact sports bra 66 reviews colors: details: push your limits in this high intensity, underwire sports bra built for high-impact activities such as running or zumba encapsulated cups for support; compression for holding pressure is dispersed by the wide bra straps customize the fit with back adjustable stretch straps featured review: on september 24, 2017 wonderful support! this bra fits perfectly and keeps my breasts from falling out and moving around during workouts. i am a size 30f so i purchased a 30e, which was the ideal fit. click to order this style​​ × more fantasie alex side support bra $29.99 - $60.00 extra 25% off sale colors hidden button fantasie alex side support bra 28 reviews colors: details: pretty and elegant, 4-part cup underwire bra supportive, reinforced side panel helps anchor bra adjustable, close-set, embroidered stretch straps columns and rows increase with size hook count: 2-hook = d-g cups featured review: on august 12, 2017 best bra known to womankind! fantasie makes the best fitting bras for those of us with small rib cages but wide breasts. i'm a 36g and this bra fit like a glove with absolutely no poking from the underwire into the side of my breasts! i think fantasie makes their underwire shorter than other brands which prevents poking. also i wear knit/smooth shirts all the time. the show through of the lace top is minimal but i'll just double up on my tops if i feel it's showing too much. anyway love this bra and this brand and will be buying more. click to order this style​​ × more panache andorra bra $43.99 - $63.00 extra 25% off today hidden button panache andorra bra 84 reviews colors: details: beautifully constructed full coverage underwire bra optimum fit with lovely, stretch lace 3-part cups superb lift from discreet inner slings in lined cups supportive, power mesh band anchors to the body end strap slipping with adjustable, close-set straps featured review: on september 8, 2017 beautiful and supportive! i'm giving this bra 4 stars instead of 5 because the gore and the lace come up a bit high for my tastes. it's a great bra for most tops and dresses but with some v-cuts and wider necks you may see the gore or the lace peek out. otherwise great bra! very supportive and comfortable. click to order this style​​ × more chantelle modern invisible plunge t-shirt bra $49.99 - $74.00 extra 25% off sale colors hidden button chantelle modern invisible plunge t-shirt bra 7 reviews colors: details: prevent show through with this underwire t-shirt bra custom fit, memory foam cups conform to the bust ultimate comfort thanks to the bandless front works well with low-cut tops thanks to the plunging front end strap slipping with adjustable, close-set straps featured review: on august 16, 2017 comfortable. flattering and smooth fit excellent everyday bra - only thing is i wear a 34 band and with this i could have gone with a 32 because i am using the inner most hooks - so with stretch from wear will not be able to take it in anymore. :/ click to order this style​​ × more simone perele andora t-shirt bra $59.99 - $89.00 extra 25% off today hidden button simone perele andora t-shirt bra 58 reviews colors: details: seamless & breathable 3d spacer underwire t-shirt bra demi cups round your shape without adding volume end strap slipping with back adjustable stretch straps perfect for those with broad shoulders due to wide set straps luxe stretch microfiber with guipure lace detail featured review: on september 24, 2017 beautiful and light i have several simone perele bras including two of the andora t-shirt bras. i just ordered another one! they really are beautiful with the lace trim and decorative straps. the best part is they are the lightest bras i've ever owned & are flattering on. i feel both comfortable and feminine wearing them. like some of the other comments, i do notice in this style, the straps tend to slip. click to order this style​​ × more fantasie rebecca lace t-shirt bra $29.99 - $78.00 extra 25% off sale colors hidden button fantasie rebecca lace t-shirt bra 7 reviews colors: details: get a smooth silhouette with this breathable t-shirt bra prevent show-through with seamless spacer underwire cups spacer fabric gives opacity like foam minus the weight end strap slipping with adjustable, leotard back straps smooth, 3 column, 2 row hook and eye back closure featured review: on september 6, 2017 best bra for full cups i've been wearing the original rebecca bra for about 10 + years. i love it! i have a tiny rib cage and lots of boobs - and am esp. full up top, so this bra covers alll of me. i decided to try this lace rebecca bra (it was on sale and, well, why not mix it up?!) it runs a bit big in the band (i wear a 30, but could wear a 28 in this one), but fits like the original in the cups. i do like the extra lace bits in the back on this one as it covers my back fat very nicely and makes it pretty :) all in all, i would buy this bra again! click to order this style​​ × more simone perele caresse 3d plunge t-shirt bra $39.99 - $95.00 extra 25% off today hidden button simone perele caresse 3d plunge t-shirt bra 8 reviews colors: details: meet your new favorite underwire, plunge t-shirt bra supportive, tight knit 3d spacer reduces show-through breathable, seamless spacer foam-lined contoured cups decorative, fully adjustable close-set stretch straps lightweight and comfortable stretch microfiber and lace featured review: on september 15, 2017 greates bra! i tried this bra in the store and fall absolutely in love... the cup is deep it's true, but i've got my regular 34d and it fits like a glove... very comfortable... i have got in 4 different colors. i would highly recommend this bra. click to order this style​​ × more goddess keira banded satin bra $48.00 extra 25% off sale colors hidden button goddess keira banded satin bra 211 reviews colors: details: mirror your natural shape in this unlined underwire bra non-stretch 100% satin polyester cups for great support added support thanks to 3-part seamed cups end strap slipping with adjustable, close-set straps columns and rows increase with size featured review: on september 17, 2017 well made bought this one and do like the comfort straps and over all feel click to order this style​​ × more simone perele muse plunge t-shirt bra $53.99 - $78.00 extra 25% off today hidden button simone perele muse plunge t-shirt bra 6 reviews colors: details: achieve a smooth silhouette in this underwire t-shirt bra seamless foam-lined cups provide the perfect coverage sexy front plunge makes it ideal for low-cut tops adjustable stretch straps with supportive leotard back high quality stretch microfiber featured review: on august 23, 2017 comfortable bra. great support. i bought this bra with three others (2 chantelle's). this was my favorite. it's quite comfortable with good support. smooths all of the fat bits! click to order this style​​ × more curvy kate luxe strapless bra $75.00 extra 25% off today hidden button curvy kate luxe strapless bra 32 reviews colors: details: supportive, convertible underwire bra for versatile wear added lift thanks to vertical seamed, foam lined cups prevent rolling with the soft boning and silicone lining fully adjustable stretch straps included traditional straps convert to criss-cross featured review: on september 4, 2017 nice bra the bra is really good. it holds up we'll and it doesn't scrunch up in the back like my other strapless bras. click to order this style​​ × bogo bras + 25% off more bramour brooklyn front close bra $69.00 extra 25% off today hidden button bramour brooklyn front close bra 20 reviews colors: details: stunning two-tone lace, front-close underwire full cup bra supportive, 3-part cups are designed to shape and lift breasts cushioned sling covers entire wonderwire for complete comfort lovely, semi-sheer lace back and wings easy, yet secure, slide hook front closure feature featured review: on september 15, 2017 great fit got it ,tried it on.. loved the support . no back buldging!! easy to put on.. click to order this style​​ × more pour moi cherish side support bra $50.00 extra 25% off today hidden button pour moi cherish side support bra 15 reviews colors: details: achieve great side support in this 3-part cup unlined bra mirror your natural shape in double-layer cups side boning for added reinforcement customize the fit with adjustable stretch straps scalloped edge on straps so adjusters stay in place featured review: on august 6, 2017 beautiful relief it took years to realize i was, in fact, a 34e - very small frame, very big boobies - and it is so wonderful to finally find bras that hold everybody up and are not beige! this one is light, comfortable, and the girls are still round - not all pointy like you get with some of these types of bras. click to order this style​​ × more charnos sienna side support bra $68.00 extra 25% off today hidden button charnos sienna side support bra 19 reviews colors: details: get beautiful natural shape in this lovely full cup underwire bra stunning embroidery adorns top of supportive 4-part cups seamed cups offer lifted shape and centered breasts strap stays put thanks to semi-rigid detailing fully adjustable stretch straps offer a customizable fit featured review: on september 16, 2017 gorgeous bra this is a gorgeous bra. i bought it in the ivory gold colour and it is beautiful. the fit is perfect but it is very much an 'upfront' bra - the opposite of a minimizer bra if you know what i mean. as someone with a small frame and a large chest it does draw attention. that being the case, this will be something i won't be wearing to work, and saving for special occasions! click to order this style​​ × more calvin klein perfectly fit modern t-shirt bra $46.00 extra 25% off today hidden button calvin klein perfectly fit modern t-shirt bra 13 reviews colors: details: prevent show-through in this seamless, underwire t-shirt bra lightweight memory foam cups contour to your shape customize the fit with back adjustable, stretch straps 3 column, 2 row hook and eye back closure ultra-luxe, stretch microfiber featured review: on november 10, 2016 super comfortable fits as expected and is very comfortable. would buy again click to order this style​​ × more marie jo tom convertible t-shirt bra $106.00 extra 25% off today hidden button marie jo tom convertible t-shirt bra 22 reviews colors: details: get a versatile look in this convertible t-shirt bra achieve a smooth silhouette with underwire contour cups great for low-cut necklines thanks to plunging front back adjustable stretch straps straps convert to halter and criss-cross featured review: on august 4, 2017 great bra! wonderful bra at a wonderful price! will definetly purchase again! click to order this style​​ × more elomi tia side support bra $74.00 hidden button elomi tia side support bra 2 reviews colors: details: lift and shape your breasts in this full cup bra mirror your shape in seamed 4-part unlined underwire cups side and back smoothing thanks to powernet mesh wings customize the fit with adjustable, close-set stretch straps firm stay-put strap support due to unique scallop edge featured review: on june 29, 2017 bought my favorite bras without leaving the house! i am thrilled that i could buy my favorite bras on-line. my cup size and favorite styles are hard to find in stores. if they do have it in stock, they only have 1 or 2. purchase and shipping were quick - received my bras in 2-3 days! click to order this style​​ × more goddess adelaide strapless bra $52.00 hidden button goddess adelaide strapless bra 7 reviews colors: details: supportive underwire strapless bra designed for fuller cups excellent lift thanks to vertical boning built-in the cups stay-up support thanks to the side and back boning fully convertible and adjustable, stretch staps included 3 column, 2 row hook and eye back closure featured review: on september 8, 2017 bra strsp i loved my new bras, except one of the plastic holders on the straps broke already click to order this style​​ × more goddess adelaide full cup bra $52.00 hidden button goddess adelaide full cup bra 5 reviews colors: details: flatter your figure in this supportive underwire bra mirror your natural shape with unlined, 4-part cups end strap slipping with adjustable, close-set straps semi-sheer, stretch lace and mesh featured review: on september 15, 2017 great standard bra for the truly busty i got this bra in 34m, and it does everything it's supposed to do. completely contains my breasts, holds them, gives a straightforward (not saggy, spread out or down ward sloping) look without being either too pointy or too round (which is rare). wide straps for better comfort. fits low on the back as it should. the area around the snaps can be a bit itchy. not an aesthetically fancy looking bra, but anybody with an m cup knows the value of a great fitting basic bra and probably ain't sweating that too much. please keep this bra available. click to order this style​​ × more anita active momentum wire-free sports bra $72.00 hidden button anita active momentum wire-free sports bra 97 reviews colors: details: work out in this maximum impact wire-free sports bra built for high-impact activities such as kickboxing compression fit holds the breast tissue down mirror your shape in soft terry cloth lined molded cups close-set, back adjustable, stretch straps won't slip featured review: on september 22, 2017 no uniboob its pricey but it works, without an underwire and it still give you two boobs instead of one. click to order this style​​ × more le mystère high impact sports bra $42.99 - $62.00 extra 25% off sale colors hidden button le mystère high impact sports bra 25 reviews colors: details: train in comfort in this cushioned underwire sports bra built for high-impact activities such as tennis encapsulated cups support each breast individually prevent show-through with the lightweight foam-lined cups supportive, power mesh wings anchor to the body featured review: on march 25, 2017 best sports bra i've ever owned you know the quality of le mystere bras already and this does not disappoint. true to size and while it's maximum hold, i found it very comfortable. most comfortable i've felt while running. it was on sale but now that i've tried it, i'd gladly pay full price. click to order this style​​ × more le mystère comfort chic balconette bra $64.00 hidden button le mystère comfort chic balconette bra colors: details: ultra-comfortable lace and modal balconette bra supportive, double-layer underwire cups are seamed leavers lace details add a feminine flair to this bra customize the fit with the back adjustable stretch straps plush, 3 column, 2 row hook and eye back closure click to order this style​​ × more calvin klein seductive comfort customized lift push-up bra $29.99 - $44.00 extra 25% off today hidden button calvin klein seductive comfort customized lift push-up bra 26 reviews colors: +2 more details: increase your cleavage in this padded push-up bra customized cups adjust amount of lift based on cup size bump pads decrease in size as you go up in cup size prevent show-through with foam-lined underwire cups great for low-cut necklines thanks to plunging front featured review: on august 15, 2017 best for petites! this is the only brand i have worn for several years because it is one of the only ones that is available as a 30 d. it is well-made, last for years with regular washing and provides a nice shape without lumpiness. click to order this style​​ × more brooks juno high impact wire-free sports bra $44.99 - $65.00 extra 25% off today hidden button brooks juno high impact wire-free sports bra 8 reviews colors: +2 more details: get control of your most intense workouts in this sports bra built for high-impact activities such as tennis encapsulated cups for support; compression for holding minimize bounce thanks to limited stretch straps supportive wire-free uni-cup design for modesty and shape featured review: on september 7, 2017 great fit this is by far the best sports bra i've ever tried on and the velcro adjustable shoulder straps is the best thing ever! click to order this style​​ × more brooks fiona wire-free sports bra $29.99 - $50.00 extra 25% off today hidden button brooks fiona wire-free sports bra 21 reviews colors: +8 more details: embrace every challenge in this wire-free sports bra built for high-impact activities such as running compression fit holds the breast tissue down maintain natural shape with lightweight molded cups breast movement is reduced by the vertical front seams featured review: on august 10, 2017 my "go to" sports bra i have been a return customer for 5+ years. it's the only bra i will wear while active. 5 years ago, i was looking for a running bra that would keep everything in place while i was nursing my daughter. this is a perfect bra for all high impact activity. the adjustable straps are the ticket! you will not be sorry if you purchase this bra! click to order this style​​ × ∧ back to top 1 of 29viewing 1 - 60 of 1730view 300 per page page 1 best bras online it’s time to build your ultimate bra wardrobe at bare necessities! every woman should find a bra that fits her to perfection and flaunts her figure, no matter if she is petite, average, full busted or plus size. we have one of the largest selections  ... it’s time to build your ultimate bra wardrobe at bare necessities! every woman should find a bra that fits her to perfection and flaunts her figure, no matter if she is petite, average, full busted or plus size. we have one of the largest selections of designer bras in sizes 30aa to 56j. we are proud to boast an extensive women’s bra assortment, bras in over 200 sizes with band sizes ranging from 28 to 56, and cup sizes ranging from aa to n. we carry many best-selling and trusted bra brands like: wacoal chantelle bali calvin klein fantasie freya maidenform elomi and more. since a woman cannot subsist on one bra alone, we make it easy to create the perfect lingerie drawer by offering a plethora of bras styles like underwire, wire-free, strapless, convertible, bralette, sports, push-up, padded, nursing and minimizers. > more back to top fit tips & advice how to measure your bra size bra fit checklist bra style guide the sports bra handbook swimsuit guide bralette fit guide customer support contact us faqs shipping information bra fitters available 60 day returns shop by style # about bare necessities our history sign-up for email careers blog see our video e-gift certificates fit tips & advice how to measure your bra size bra fit checklist bra style guide the sports bra handbook swimsuit guide bralette fit guide customer support contact us faqs shipping information bra fitters available 60 day returns shop by style # about us our history sign-up for email careers blog see our video e-gift certificates my account sign in create account track order share the love need help? 1.877.728.9272 1.877.728.9272 ship to: © 1997-2017, bareweb, inc., bare necessities® privacy policy | interest based ads | terms of use close close our apologies...we are experiencing a technical issue with this page. please call us at 1.877.728.9272, 24 hours a day, 7 days a week and we'll gladly help you complete your order. if you prefer, you may also email us at info@barenecessities.com. please include: your name, where on our site you received the error, any questions you may have, and how and when you'd like us to contact you. our business hours are monday-saturday 8am-6pm est. international shipping options select the country you will be shipping to and your preferred billing currency. there was an error. please try again later. select shipping destination afghanistan albania algeria andorra angola anguilla antigua and barbuda armenia aruba australia austria azerbaijan bahamas bahrain bangladesh barbados belarus belgium belize benin bermuda bhutan bolivia bonaire, sint eustatius and saba bosnia and herzegovina botswana brazil brunei darussalam bulgaria burkina faso burundi cã´te d'ivoire cambodia cameroon canada cape verde cayman islands central african republic chad chile china christmas island cocos (keeling) islands colombia comoros congo, democratic republic of the congo, republic of the cook islands costa rica croatia curaã§ao cyprus czech republic denmark djibouti dominica dominican republic ecuador egypt el salvador equatorial guinea eritrea estonia ethiopia falkland islands (malvinas) faroe islands fiji finland france french guiana french polynesia gabon gambia georgia germany ghana gibraltar greece greenland grenada guadeloupe guatemala guernsey guinea guinea-bissau guyana haiti holy see (vatican city state) honduras hong kong hungary iceland india indonesia iraq ireland isle of man israel italy jamaica japan jersey jordan kazakhstan kenya kiribati korea, republic of kuwait kyrgyzstan lao people's democratic republic latvia lebanon lesotho liberia libya liechtenstein lithuania luxembourg macao macedonia, the former yugoslav republic of madagascar malawi malaysia maldives mali malta marshall islands martinique mauritania mauritius mayotte mexico micronesia, federated states of moldova, republic of monaco mongolia montenegro montserrat morocco mozambique myanmar namibia nauru nepal netherlands new caledonia new zealand nicaragua niger nigeria niue norway oman pakistan palau panama papua new guinea paraguay peru philippines poland portugal qatar rã©union romania russian federation rwanda saint barthã©lemy saint kitts and nevis saint lucia saint pierre and miquelon saint vincent and the grenadines samoa san marino sao tome and principe saudi arabia senegal serbia seychelles sierra leone singapore sint maarten (dutch part) slovakia slovenia solomon islands somalia south africa spain sri lanka suriname swaziland sweden switzerland taiwan tajikistan tanzania, united republic of thailand timor-leste togo tonga trinidad and tobago tunisia turkey turks and caicos islands tuvalu uganda ukraine united arab emirates united kingdom united states uruguay uzbekistan vanuatu vietnam virgin islands, british wallis and futuna yemen zambia zimbabwe select currency australian dollar bahamian dollar bahraini dinar balboa barbados dollar belize dollar boliviano bosnian convertible mark british pound bulgarian lev canadian dollar cayman islands dollar cfa franc bceao cfa franc beac chilean peso colombian peso cordoba oro costa rican colon croatian kuna czech koruna danish krone dominican peso egyptian pound euro guarani hong kong dollar hungarian forint indian rupee indonesian rupiah israeli shekel jamaican dollar japanese yen jordanian dinar korean won kuwaiti dinar lebanese pound lempira lilangeni malayan ringgit mexican peso moroccan dirham namibia dollar nepalese rupee netherlands antillan guilder new romanian leu new zealand dollar norwegian krone omani rial pakistan rupee peruvian nuevo sol philippine peso polish zloty qatari riyal quetzal riel rufiyaa russian ruble saudi riyal singapore dollar south african rand sri lanka rupee swedish krona swiss franc taiwan dollar taka tenge thai baht turkish lira ukraine hryvnia united arab emirates dirham uruguay new peso us dollar yuan renminbi set shipping destination & currency i want to shop as a us customer × ×