来源URL: https://web.archive.org/web/20181229192833/https://www.barenecessities.com/Shapewear_catalog_nxs,33.htm
================================================================================

body shapers, shapewear & body slimmers | bare necessities semi-annual sale: up to 70% off sitewide |  shop the sale semi-annual sale: up to 70% off sitewide skip to main problem areas: tummy  | hips & thighs  | rear tummy  | hips & thighs  | rear track order my account my account 0 0 bare necessities main menu close bare necessities main menu go to bare necessities home page search search search all departments bras panties shapewear hosiery sleep swimsuits bridal sexy lingerie men's clearance shop by bra size top-rated styles new arrivals today's deals clearance departments bras bralettes swimwear panties shapewear hosiery sleepwear dd+ plus size sexy activewear leggings contemporary luxury men's maternity bodysuits accessories shoes socks brands we wacoal chantelle calvin klein spanx hanky panky freya view all today's deals shop by bra size dd+ plus size sale spanx top 10 shapewear guide best sellers sale problem area controls tummy all over control trims waist trims torso slims hips & thighs smoothes back shapes rear top styles shaping panties slimming camisoles shaping bodysuits mid-thigh shapers shaping leggings open bust shapers view all brands we spanx yummie tc fine shapewear bali miraclesuit maidenform bodywrap camio mio lyssé wacoal va bien commando squeem expert panty picks best sellers top rated buy more and save top styles thongs bikinis boyshorts briefs hi-cut briefs shaping & control seamless athletic underwear multi-packs sheer crotchless view all brands we hanky panky spanx wacoal jockey camio mio commando cosabella calvin klein on gossamer vanity fair natori warner's dkny hanro fishnets fishnets spanx tights & leggings top rated new arrivals sale top styles thigh-highs pantyhose tights fishnets control top plus hosiery fashion leggings knee-highs socks athletic socks anklets view all brands we wolford spanx hue donna karan falke calvin klein berkshire commando hanes dkny pour moi ralph lauren hot sox smartwool ugg sexy sleepwear plus size sleepwear men's sleepwear top styles pajamas loungewear nightgowns sleep shirts robes chemises babydolls pajama sets pajama pants bridal slippers shop all brands we lauren ralph lauren pj harlow dkny karen neuburger p.j. salvage n natori barefoot dreams ugg kate spade new york calvin klein arlotta ginia flora nikrooz eileen west swim up to 70% off shop by swim size best sellers top rated new arrivals trends tropical prints geometric prints nautical solid colors crochet ruffles high necks a wedding day must haves bridesmaid gifts something blue destination swimwear top styles strapless bras bustiers backless bras bodysuits smoothing panties thigh shapers open bust shapers sheers thigh highs honeymoon worthy bridal sleepwear white lingerie ivory lingerie babydolls & chemises teddies sexy sets under $40 plus size lingerie best sellers sale top styles teddies babydolls & chemises sexy panties see-through clothing bodystockings corsets & bustiers garters & garter belts bodysuits crotchless sexy robes & gowns hosiery accessories view all looks we lust lace is more fishnet fetish peek-a-boo cage affair sheer fantasy black magic valentine's day brands we frederick’s of hollywood shirley of hollywood mapale rene rofe oh la la cheri dreamgirl jezebel multi-packs big & tall compression styles new arrivals clearance top styles boxer briefs briefs boxers trunks jock straps multi-packs sport underwear departments underwear undershirts sleepwear activewear socks view all mens brands we polo ralph lauren calvin klein 2(x)ist emporio armani tommy hilfiger under armour hanro nike ugg saxx champion spanx gold toe clearance by bra size deals under $20 top-rated bra sale women's bras bralettes swimwear panties shapewear hosiery sleepwear dd+ bras plus size bras sexy lingerie activewear leggings shop all men's underwear t-shirts undershirts activewear sleepwear shop all close bare necessities main menu go to bare necessities home page 0 0 search shapewear must-haves spanxspanx firm controlfirm control medium controlmedium control light controllight control nudenude blackblack bras shop by bra sizeshop by bra size dd+ brasdd+ bras underwireunderwire wire-free braswire-free bras sports brassports bras strapless brasstrapless bras t-shirt brast-shirt bras bralettesbralettes expert bra finderexpert bra finder shop all brasview all bras panties thongsthongs bikinisbikinis boyshortsboyshorts hi-cut briefshi-cut briefs briefsbriefs multi-packsmulti-packs expert panty picksexpert panty picks shop all pantiesshop all panties shapewear spanxspanx controls tummycontrols tummy all over controlall over control trims waisttrims waist slims hips & thighsslims hips & thighs trims torsotrims torso smoothes backsmoothes back view all shapewearview all shapewear hosiery thigh-highsthigh-highs pantyhosepantyhose tightstights leggingsleggings sockssocks control topcontrol top view all hosieryview all hosiery sleepwear chemises & nightgownschemises & nightgowns pajamaspajamas sleepshirtssleepshirts robesrobes pj bottomspj bottoms slippersslippers view all sleepwearview all sleepwear swimsuits bra-sized swimwearbra-sized swimwear dd+ swimweardd+ swimwear tankinistankinis bikinisbikinis one-piece swimsuitsone-piece swimsuits shop swim by sizeshop swim by size plus size swimsuitsplus size swimsuits view all swimsuitsview all swimsuits sexy lingerie sets under $40sets under $40 babydolls & chemisesbabydolls & chemises corsets & bustierscorsets & bustiers teddiesteddies bodysuitsbodysuits garters & garter beltsgarters & garter belts best sellersbest sellers view all sexy lingerieview all sexy lingerie more categories dd+ brasdd+ bras plus sizeplus size men'smen's activewearactivewear accessoriesaccessories shoesshoes bridalbridal clearance brasbras swimsuitsswimsuits pantiespanties shapewearshapewear hosieryhosiery sleepwearsleepwear sexy lingeriesexy lingerie activewearactivewear men'smen's popular brands wacoal spanx calvin klein chantelle natori hanky panky bali freya fantasie elomi panache pour moi ann summers view all brands fit tips & advice read our blog how to measure your bra size lingerie styles for every body type top 12 types of bras swimsuit guide sports bra guide bralette guide customer support contact us shipping methods 60 day no hassle returns bra fitters available faqs my account sign in create account track order call 1.877.728.9272 call 1.877.728.9272 shapewear 444 results shapewear (444 results) home shapewear shop spanx top 10 shop spanx top 10 filters sort best sellers price high-to-low price low-to-high brands a-z brands z-a new arrivals sort by best sellersprice high-to-lowprice low-to-highbrands a-zbrands z-anew arrivals filter by problem area controls tummy all over control trims torso trims waist slims hips & thighs smoothes back shapes rear slims legs close style shaping bodysuit slimming slips slimming camisoles high waist panties mid-thigh shapers open bust shapers shapewear thongs waist cinchers shaping panties shaping hosiery shapewear leggings slimming pants shapewear on sale best sellers top rated new arrivals close brand bali body wrap camio mio chantelle charnos commando curvy couture dita von teese dkny donna karan hosiery hue knock out! le mystère leonisa lyssé maidenform miraclesuit panache red hot spanx simone perele spanx squeem tc fine intimates va bien vanity fair wacoal wolford yummie close size xs s m l xl 1x 2x 3x 4x close 1 of 10viewing 1 - 48 of 444view 300 per page spanx top 10 more+ spanx ready-to-wow faux leather leggings $69.99 - $98.00 semi-annual sale spanx ready-to-wow faux leather leggings 16 reviews colors: details: slimming faux leather leggings that create an edgy look built-in, medium control, power mesh shaping waistband chic streamlined fit; pairs perfectly with boots stretch nylon featured review: on december 19, 2018 very flattering i love these and have already worn them 3 times! they are super flattering and look great with sweaters. i ordered a small and they fit perfect. for reference 8 am 5’7 and 120 pounds. click to order this style​​ × more+ spanx look at me now seamless leggings $68.00 spanx look at me now seamless leggings 13 reviews colors: details: patterned everyday, medium control, shaping leggings full coverage power mesh waistband flattens tummy seamless design smoothes rear and thighs 28'' inseam; measurement taken from size s quality stretch nylon offers an impeccable fit featured review: on november 19, 2018 spanx wonderful fit- i love them and reccemend, im 5’ 11 and weight 150 length is perfect too click to order this style​​ × more+ spanx faux leather moto leggings $79.99 - $110.00 semi-annual sale spanx faux leather moto leggings 10 reviews colors: details: get the edgy look you want in this slimming faux leather leggings wide elastic waistband smoothes and shapes your tummy medium control smoothes out any lumps and bumps on legs these fashion-forward leggings can be dressed up or down 28'' inseam; measured from size s featured review: on december 16, 2018 so cute excellent quality and they really “even” things out if you know what i mean. they are very tight fitting! click to order this style​​ × more+ miraclesuit sexy sheer extra firm control camisole $60.00 miraclesuit sexy sheer extra firm control camisole 25 reviews colors: details: extra-firm control shaping camisole with tummy control shapes midriff, tummy and back double-layer mesh cups with underwire for support wonderful edge silicone lining on hem; 22" in length customize your fit with back adjustable stretch straps featured review: on november 14, 2018 comfort with great support comfort with great support click to order this style​​ × more+ miraclesuit back magic® extra firm control high-waist thigh slimmer $60.00 miraclesuit back magic® extra firm control high-waist thigh slimmer 15 reviews colors: details: extra firm control slimmer with innovative back magic® reduce bulge, control back fat and prevent muffin top provides back support and stay-up support with boning stability allows it to function more effectively comfortably flattens tummy, waist, hips and thighs featured review: on november 7, 2018 good fit this shaper holds my back in better than i expected. click to order this style​​ × more+ miraclesuit extra firm control comfort leg bodysuit $70.00 miraclesuit extra firm control comfort leg bodysuit 28 reviews colors: details: feel confident with this firm control shaping bodysuit comfortably, shapes midriff, tummy, back and rear supportive underwire, double-layer molded mesh cups wonderful edge silicone lining keeps legbands in place seamless comfort legbands won't dig and minimizes vpl featured review: on november 28, 2018 nice fit and firmness my only complaint is that i'm quite short waisted so the body is too long. the bra cups are comfortable. click to order this style​​ × more+ spanx suit your fancy medium control strapless bodysuit $148.00 spanx suit your fancy medium control strapless bodysuit 2 reviews colors: details: this 5-way convertible bodysuit is a wardrobe must! all over medium control for endless smoothing and shaping achieve a sleek silhouette thanks to laser-cut technology seamless, foam-lined underwire cups; refer to size chart customized fit with fully adjustable & convertible stretch straps featured review: on july 2, 2018 it worked out perfectly and it worked out perfectly and was very comfortable. i would buy it again. click to order this style​​ × more+ bali lace 'n smooth firm control bodysuit $39.20 $56.00 semi-annual sale bali lace 'n smooth firm control bodysuit 77 reviews colors: details: achieve all-over slimming in this lace bodysuit mirror your shape in double-layer underwire cups fully adjustable, non-stretch straps hook and eye cotton crotch for bathroom accessibility semi-sheer, smooth stretch lace featured review: on november 22, 2018 firm control body suit love it! click to order this style​​ × more+ spanx oncore firm control bodysuit $98.00 spanx oncore firm control bodysuit 18 reviews colors: details: sculpt and slim your silhouette with this powerful shaper completely seamless and smooth for a streamlined look targeted shaping zones shape all the right areas shapes tummy, hips, thighs and gives your rear a lift keep your natural shape with molded, unlined cups featured review: on december 26, 2018 works great! super happy with works great! super happy with the product click to order this style​​ × more+ spanx luxe leg tights $28.00 buy 2 for $48! spanx luxe leg tights 3 reviews colors: details: you'll love the comfortable shaping this tight has to offer shapes & firms tummy, hips, thighs and rear experience the comfort of the plush, non-binding waistband matte yarns and unique reinforced toe design cotton blend double-gusset for easy convenience featured review: on october 31, 2018 spanx tights!! i finally found the ones i love. they are a bit heavier, best for fall and winter. i wish they weren’t so expensive. click to order this style​​ × more+ spanx power series medium control higher power short $38.00 spanx power series medium control higher power short 55 reviews colors: details: smoother results with less squeeze in this shaper targets the stomach and provides 360 degrees of support eliminates muffin top with a medium control high-waist defines your rear with the ruching detail no-slip strip at waistband for a stay-put fit featured review: on december 7, 2018 fit well, good time delivered fit well, good time delivered and i will be using them again click to order this style​​ × more+ miraclesuit sexy sheer extra firm control bodysuit $67.00 miraclesuit sexy sheer extra firm control bodysuit 52 reviews colors: details: feel confident with this firm control shaping bodysuit completely shapes and smoothes tummy, hips, and rear supportive underwire, double-layer molded mesh cups wonderful edge silicone lining on rear leg bands moderate coverage with rear defining center back seam featured review: on november 14, 2018 as promised this product was well described for proper purchase. straps stay put, tummy control is good and support is good. click to order this style​​ × more+ spanx the base tank bodysuit $58.00 spanx the base tank bodysuit 19 reviews colors: details: this light control tank bodysuit offers a comfortable fit incredible smoothing thanks to targeted tummy panel non-compression over bust for a total transformation stretch straps are non-adjustable easy hook and eye gusset for bathroom accessibility featured review: on november 30, 2018 body suit i like the idea of not having to wear a top and underwear! the medium was more comfortable, but i also got a small, which was marked p/s..so maybe that's what it is rather tight, compresses breasts..but i kept it. both are comfortable and very smooth.. click to order this style​​ × more+ spanx lace collection wire-free bodysuit $54.99 - $74.00 semi-annual sale spanx lace collection wire-free bodysuit 18 reviews colors: details: gorgeous lace and mesh medium control bodysuit targeted tummy-shaping panel provides a flawless finish total comfort thanks no wires and no padding fit-flexible stretch cups accommodate cup sizes a-g eliminate lines with the smooth flat lace featured review: on december 17, 2018 love this bodysuit it is so hard to find a bodysuit that will do the whole job but this comes as close as i’ve found. i am a “senior” lady, wearing a size 6/8 in clothing, but have lumps and bumps that gravity hands us over time. have been wearing bodysuits for years, find one undergarment rather than two much more comfortable, but really hard to find a one piece that you can spend the day in. this is sexy (i still care about that) has the right amount of compression to smooth things out, no added bumps from the upper leg compression because of the lace. be forwarned! when putting it on the lace will tear if you’re not. i wear a medium (5’4”, 125 lbs). love the ability to convert straps to x for shoulder-baring garments. down side, is there is no snap/hook in the crotch, so easing side-ways is the only practical solution, other than practically undressing, when using the toilet. honestly can’t fathom that design flaw, but there you have it. i have two, one black, one in blush and would buy again. click to order this style​​ × shaping leggings featuring spanx more+ spanx undie-tectable lace hipster $15.99 - $24.00 semi-annual sale spanx undie-tectable lace hipster 32 reviews colors: details: eliminate panty lines in this light control, modest rise hipster comfort bonded waistband smoothes the tummy no-show lace offers next-to-nothing feel luxurious stretch microfiber and lace with cotton panel featured review: on september 16, 2018 cool and comfortable i am so into this style for the comfortable and non-binding fit. however, the best part about this style is how cool they are during hot and humid weather. the lace back really makes a difference during the summer. i would say the level of control is light, but these will definitely smooth you a bit under clothes. in my opinion they are slightly generous in the sizing. i purchased xl, but feel a l would work as well. click to order this style​​ × more+ spanx faux leather camo leggings $110.00 spanx faux leather camo leggings 1 review color: details: these slimming faux leather camo leggings create an edgy look medium control with built-in power mesh shaping waistband 28'' inseam; measured from size s stretch nylon with plush polyester lining for added comfort featured review: on november 28, 2018 camo leggings great fit. click to order this style​​ × more+ spanx oncore firm control open-bust bodysuit $98.00 spanx oncore firm control open-bust bodysuit 6 reviews colors: details: slim your silhouette with this open-bust bodysuit firm control bonded tummy panel flattens targeted shaping zones shape all the right areas shapes tummy, hips, thighs and gives your rear a lift thin, fully adjustable, stretch straps featured review: on october 9, 2018 it does what it says! i love this garment, not that i’ll wear it all the time, but when i need it it’s ready! click to order this style​​ × more+ lyssé medium control denim leggings $78.00 lyssé medium control denim leggings 9 reviews colors: details: look your best in these denim-inspired shaping leggings flatten your tummy with medium control wide waist panel 28'' inseam; measured from size s soft stretch cotton and polyester lining featured review: on december 27, 2018 ?? love lysse leggings/pants. i am 5 foot 3 and about 150. i bought size medium and they fit perfectly. enough support and thickness that if my shirt rises up i’m fnot uncomfortable. click to order this style​​ × more+ va bien strapless low back slimming bodysuit $85.00 va bien strapless low back slimming bodysuit 50 reviews colors: details: your go-to shaping bodysuit for low back dresses flatten your tummy with the light control powernet mesh added control and support thanks to the built-in boning patented ultra-lift boned foam-lined underwire cups prevent panty lines with the thong back design featured review: on november 14, 2018 took a load off my chest! i scoured the stores for a strapless/backless bra and i’m so excited i came across bare necessities!!! i’m 5’ 5.75” and 158#. my typical bra size is 36f. i cannot wear some kind of stickers! really? my girls practically weigh 3# each! lol! i have a low/no back wedding dress with illusion neck line. i ordered a 36e, tried on and i think this will do the trick! will keep you posted how it lasts thru the wedding day in march! ???? thank you va bien and bare necessities! you took a load off my chest, literally! click to order this style​​ × more+ spanx high power firm control capri $28.00 buy 2 for $48! spanx high power firm control capri 35 reviews colors: details: experience firm control in in this 20 denier pantyhose shapes tummy, hips, thighs and rear cling-free thanks to new sleek yarns hidden waistband sits just below the bra line convenient cotton double gusset featured review: on november 15, 2018 love em!!! love em!!! click to order this style​​ × more+ miraclesuit cool choice firm control wire-free camisole $66.00 miraclesuit cool choice firm control wire-free camisole 5 reviews colors: details: extra-firm control waist shaping camisole shapes midriff, tummy and back optimum cooling with built-in wire-free, mesh-lined cups shirred center gore for shape and separation strategically placed breathable mesh upper back panel featured review: on november 18, 2018 love it! love it! click to order this style​​ × more+ tc fine intimates full fit firm control camisole $70.00 tc fine intimates full fit firm control camisole 28 reviews colors: details: smooth it out with this firm control shaping camisole slims and smoothes entire waistline and midriff built-in shelf bra has molded cups for natural looking shape keep breasts centered with inner side cups slings prevent ride-up with wonderful edge® silicone on hem featured review: on july 31, 2018 tc full figure camisole i have been wearing tc shaping camisoles for many years. it smooths the mid section nicely. i like not having to wear a traditional bra. this new style lacks the wide area under the arm to smooth that section. i wish the manufacture would address that area as in past models. i add two soft cups for natural form and shape. overall, it is a great item. click to order this style​​ × more+ bali lace ’n smooth firm control brief $16.80 $24.00 semi-annual sale bali lace ’n smooth firm control brief 32 reviews colors: details: a pretty lace brief with firm control shaping smooth lace pattern won't show under clothes no more riding up with this full rear coverage design 8'' modest rise; measurement taken from size m semi-sheer stretch lace with cotton panel featured review: on december 27, 2018 a nice hi-cut lace panty these are nice panties but i will say the lace is scratchy. i have sensitive skin and even washing before wearing, still made me feel itchy, a bit. lace and i have a love-hate relationship. sometimes it bothers me and sometimes it doesn't . click to order this style​​ × more+ spanx suit your fancy 5-way convertible bodysuit $148.00 spanx suit your fancy 5-way convertible bodysuit 1 review colors: details: this 5-way convertible bodysuit is a wardrobe must! all over medium control for endless smoothing and shaping achieve a sleek silhouette thanks to laser-cut technology plunge foam-lined wire-free cups with center "u" wire for support customized fit with fully adjustable & convertible stretch straps featured review: on september 7, 2018 better than expected i bought this to wear under my wedding dress. i am 5’7 150 and 34d. i definitely could not go braless under my dress, and the dress was accentuating my tummy more than i’d like. i was wary of those due to reviews that it did not work for larger-chested girls, but decided to try it anyways. my dress is slightly low cut in the front and basically backless with lace, so i needed something that wouldn’t show. i was really pleasantly surprised with how well this worked and very glad i decided to try it despite reviews! click to order this style​​ × more+ spanx tight-end reversible tights $34.00 spanx tight-end reversible tights 8 reviews colors: details: you'll love these reversible tights with light control shapes & firms tummy, hips, thighs and rear offers a smooth look thanks to non-binding waistband wear without underwear thanks to cotton gusset reinforced toe & coolmax® wicks sweat away from feet featured review: on november 17, 2013 nice fit and feel like the idea of two colors in one. the fit is comfortable and they do not need to be constantly pulled up. the look is smooth and they feel as nice as they look. click to order this style​​ × more+ maidenform firm control convertible slip $46.20 $66.00 semi-annual sale maidenform firm control convertible slip 23 reviews colors: details: achieve a sculpted silhouette in this firm control slip comfortably smoothes tummy, waist, hips and thighs great support with foam underwire cups and side boning adjustable stretch straps included traditional straps convert to criss-cross, halter and close-set featured review: on december 28, 2018 held everything where it's supposed to be fit great...didn't ride up or bind...stayed up (even though i'm large busted)...overall one of the best shaper's i've worn. click to order this style​​ × spanx more+ wacoal visual effects minimizing medium control bodysuit $85.00 wacoal visual effects minimizing medium control bodysuit 14 reviews colors: details: achieve the perfect silhouette in this shaping bodysuit medium control built-in power mesh smoothes torso minimizing mesh-lined underwire cups reduce 1'' of bust size covered elastic leg bands ensures bodysuit stays in place customize the fit with adjustable stretch straps featured review: on december 26, 2018 a dream come true this item is attractive and does the job. it provides the fit i want to smooth and control with the look i want - sexy not old lady. click to order this style​​ × more+ spanx trust your thinstincts tank $58.00 spanx trust your thinstincts tank 15 reviews colors: details: get a smoothing silhouette in this light control tank smooth out your waistline thanks to targeted tummy panel enjoy a natural shape thanks to non-compression bust cut with your curves in mind for a better fit and profile bonded arm holes and hem for a sleek transition to skin featured review: on november 9, 2018 love the tank it's the perfect way to feel a little slimmer, without the binding! click to order this style​​ × more+ bali lace 'n smooth firm control camisole $29.40 $42.00 semi-annual sale bali lace 'n smooth firm control camisole 34 reviews colors: details: fall in love with this firm control shaping camisole smoothes tummy, waist and hips without pinching beautiful darted lace cups with ruched center gore back adjustable stretch straps semi-sheer stretch lace and tulle featured review: on december 1, 2018 very comfortable, but size up! i find this shape wear very comfortable, but it is snug, especially if you are full busted. i ordered a 2x after the xl was crushing on my top. it is snug enough that it still gives me a smooth line. trust me, size up and you will be happy. (unless you are small busted, then true to size.) click to order this style​​ × more+ body wrap firm control high-waist capri $52.00 body wrap firm control high-waist capri 23 reviews colors: details: slim things down in this firm control high-waist capri flattens tummy, shapes rear, hips and thighs open gusset for convenience seamless stretch microfiber featured review: on december 16, 2018 jag love it! great support, click to order this style​​ × more+ bali one smooth u™ seamless tank $18.00 $24.00 semi-annual sale bali one smooth u™ seamless tank 16 reviews colors: details: for a smooth look slip into this sleek shaping tank top light control, stretch fabric smoothes your tummy and torso bonded soft edges are flat and allows tank to stay put 23" long from shoulders; measured from size m ultra-soft, 4-way stretch microfiber featured review: on december 26, 2018 fit and design excellent fit and look. bought both the white and black. really great purchase. click to order this style​​ × more+ bali seamless brief firm control 2-pack $25.20 $36.00 semi-annual sale bali seamless brief firm control 2-pack 47 reviews colors: details: comfortable, firm control shaping full brief, 2-pack modest rise styling sits at your natural waistline completely seam-free, 4-way stretch microfiber featured review: on november 26, 2018 comfy shaper no show comfy shaper panties to wear under skinny pants. click to order this style​​ × more+ bali tummy panel firm control brief 2-pack $23.80 $34.00 semi-annual sale bali tummy panel firm control brief 2-pack 32 reviews colors: +5 more details: feel shaped & smoothed with this modest rise full coverage panty smooth out your look with the targeted tummy panel convenient 2-pack so you'll always have one on hand shimmering stretch microfiber with cotton panel featured review: on november 19, 2018 great fit this is an awesome firm underwear i am going back to get more. the fit is great keeps my tummy in and is not tight at all thank you for a wonderful firm underwear jc nj click to order this style​​ × more+ bali passion for comfort firm control bodysuit $39.20 $56.00 semi-annual sale bali passion for comfort firm control bodysuit 6 reviews colors: details: get the look you want in this firm control slimming bodysuit supportive underwire double-layer minimizer cups seamless construction and targeted panels slim and smooth convenient hook and eye cotton gusset customize your fit with back adjustable comfort straps featured review: on december 16, 2018 most comfortable and supportive one most comfortable and supportive one yet. click to order this style​​ × more+ bali essentials double support hi-cut brief $9.00 $12.00 semi-annual sale bali essentials double support hi-cut brief 20 reviews colors: details: the perfect foundation panty when you need light support cooling and wicking finish keeps you cool and comfortable full front and rear coverage for all day comfort no ride up design helps eliminate panty lines 8'' modest rise; measurement taken from size 8 featured review: on november 20, 2018 most comfortable panty i have i have tried many brands and styles and without a doubt this is the best on top of being attractive. guys, go for this panty, you’ll love it. click to order this style​​ × more+ spanx plus size oncore firm control bodysuit $102.00 spanx plus size oncore firm control bodysuit 9 reviews colors: details: sculpt and slim your silhouette with this powerful shaper completely seamless and smooth for a streamlined look targeted shaping zones shape all the right areas shapes tummy, hips, thighs and gives your rear a lift keep your natural shape with molded, unlined cups featured review: on october 25, 2018 . . click to order this style​​ × more+ miraclesuit extra firm control high-waist brief $44.00 miraclesuit extra firm control high-waist brief 18 reviews colors: details: eliminate vpl in this extra-firm control high-waist brief shapes tummy, midriff and rear triple-layer front panel for extra tummy control wonderful edge leg, stay-put silicone prevents ride-up smooth, stretch double-layer tactel fabric with cotton gusset featured review: on october 31, 2018 excellent product, wife loves the excellent product, wife loves the items. click to order this style​​ × more+ spanx faux leather mama leggings $110.00 spanx faux leather mama leggings color: details: look chic and edgy in these faux leather mama leggings comfortable, non-binding light control tummy panel chic streamlined fit; pairs perfectly with boots or heels click to order this style​​ × more+ maidenform sleek smoothers brief 2-pack $22.40 $32.00 semi-annual sale maidenform sleek smoothers brief 2-pack colors: details: comfortable enough to wear everyday full brief; 2-pack light control helps to smooth out tummy and rear smoothtec™ waistband helps prevent rolling or digging eliminate visible panty lines with laser cut edges ultra-soft stretch microfiber with cotton panel click to order this style​​ × more+ lyssé medium control tight ankle leggings $41.99 - $60.00 semi-annual sale lyssé medium control tight ankle leggings 34 reviews colors: details: feel confident in these medium control leggings smoothes tummy thanks to targeted spandex panel 27.5'' inseam; measurement taken from size m ultra-comfy, stretch cotton featured review: on august 17, 2018 very comfortable. and for a very comfortable. and for a girl with my shape, it doesn't roll down! click to order this style​​ × more+ spanx luxe leg high-waist tights $38.00 spanx luxe leg high-waist tights 6 reviews colors: details: get comfortable shaping this high-waist, 60 denier tight shapes & firms tummy, hips, thighs and rear experience the comfort of the plush, non-binding waistband matte yarns and unique reinforced toe design cotton blend double-gusset for easy convenience featured review: on november 8, 2018 spanx high waist i love the high waist. i find it secure and comfortable. i wish they came with a re-enforced toe. i wear the high waist footless hose under pants with sandals when i want my toes to show. however, i would only wear the other hose with shoes or boots. the only "runs" and "holes" i get from these hose always begin in the toes. please consider. thank you. click to order this style​​ × more+ miraclesuit sexy sheery extra firm control thong bodysuit $76.00 miraclesuit sexy sheery extra firm control thong bodysuit 2 reviews colors: details: feel confident in this extra firm control thong bodysuit completely shapes and smooths entire torso supportive underwire, foam-lined cups are seamless wonderful edge silicone lining on rear leg bands convenient hook and eye cotton gusset featured review: on november 7, 2018 too loose could have been a little tighter around the tummy area for jst a little more tummy control for firmness and flatness bt overall it was ok click to order this style​​ × more+ spanx everyday shaping brief $22.00 buy 2 for $38! spanx everyday shaping brief 20 reviews colors: details: medium control shapewear brief eliminates panty lines unique hidden shaping waistband for targeted control soft finish, ultra-fine stretch microfiber and cotton panel featured review: on december 27, 2018 had to return seems great, however, they rolled on me. click to order this style​​ × more+ commando perfect control faux leather leggings $98.00 commando perfect control faux leather leggings 3 reviews colors: details: slimming faux leather leggings that create an edgy look ultimate tummy smoothing thanks to internal waistband 27'' inseam; measurement taken from size m super comfortable stretch microfiber featured review: on august 13, 2018 amazing faux leather leggings don't even give these a second thought! order them before they sell out. they're honestly the most amazing ones i've seen yet! well worth every penny! click to order this style​​ × more+ va bien firm control plunge bodysuit $85.00 va bien firm control plunge bodysuit 13 reviews colors: details: your go-to shaping bodysuit for plunging necklines firm tummy control thanks to the built-in boning patented ultra-lift underwire cups shape & support customize the fit with fully adjustable stretch straps this versatile style converts to criss-cross or halter featured review: on september 2, 2018 wow!! amazing!!! it held everything in place and allowed me to wear a dress that i otherwise would have not worn. i got compliments on how good my boobs looked. click to order this style​​ × more+ tc fine intimates extra firm control waist cincher $60.00 tc fine intimates extra firm control waist cincher 3 reviews colors: details: feel confident in this extra-firm control waist cincher completely and comfortably smoothes midriff boning maintains superior silhouette-shaping support 1 column, 15 row hook and eye front closure slick, smooth stretch microfiber featured review: on march 8, 2018 yes to this! i bought this to wear under a beautiful theia off the shoulder dress. i usually do not buy "sheath" dresses because, frankly,i have no waist. well, i did when i put this waist cincher on. and, surprisingly, i could sit comfortably, and you could not tell i had it on. this was a hit. for reference i have a 29-30" waist in jeans...bought a medium and i could step into it without opening the hooks. firm fit, but not too firm. click to order this style​​ × more+ body wrap firm control wire-free bodysuit $76.00 body wrap firm control wire-free bodysuit 22 reviews colors: details: achieve a sexy silhouette in this firm control bodysuit shapes and slims waist, thighs and hips and lifts rear mirror your natural shape in unlined wire-free cups adjustable stretch straps won't slip no closure - step into it like a bathing suit! featured review: on october 31, 2018 best and most comfortable one best and most comfortable one piece cover up suit ever! thank you! click to order this style​​ × more+ yummie madelyn smoothing bodysuit $78.00 yummie madelyn smoothing bodysuit colors: details: keep cool and confident in this smoothing bodysuit outlast® technology regulates body temperature added compression at middle for extra shaping stylish mock turtleneck and long sleeves snap closure gusset and full rear coverage click to order this style​​ × ∧ back to top 1 of 10viewing 1 - 48 of 444view 300 per page page 1 women’s shapewear guide: how to choose the best shapewear free yourself from fear of fashion malfunctions with a little help from our shapewear collection, including plus size shapewear. by smoothing out any lumps and bumps, shapewear creates a sleek silhouette under even the most finicky of fabrics. whether you need extra insurance under a little black dress or some assistance slipping into your favorite pencil skirt, we’ll keep your every curve looking lovely. use the bare necessities guide to shapewear to find the best fit for you: determine what size of shapewear you need one of the biggest misconceptions about shapewear is that you should buy the smallest size possible, but if you buy shapewear that’s too small, you’re either going to feel wildly uncomfortable and/or end up with more bulges than fewer. the whole point of shapewear is to smooth yourself out, not suck yourself in. when you choose the right size, you won’t find the garment rolling down, and you won’t have to constantly pull and tug it into place. find the right level of shapewear control find the right level of shapewear control: light, medium, or firm it doesn’t have to feel like armour to work! shapewear comes in different compression levels. shapewear isn’t meant to sculpt your body but to make your clothes fit better and smooth you out. for example, light control shapewear can be great for first-timers or everyday use. heavy control shapewear works for a wedding or a night out when you plan on wearing it for a shorter length of time. light control shapewear with a smidge more coverage than your average underwear, choosing from our light control shapewear options is as easy as getting dressed. pull on a seamless tank or a sexy bodysuit—bet you didn’t know that they’re the definition of a light control body shaper, offering slight smoothing that’s comfy all day long. medium control shapewear a smooth, trim silhouette? check and check. medium control shapeware lets you flaunt your curves with confidence and without sacrificing comfort. pieces like open-bust camis, half slips and leggings have literally got you covered. firm control shapewear seeking extra support in life? firm control shapewear will lift you up, smooth you out and keep everything right where you want it. with cutting-edge designs and sexier-than-ever silhouettes to decide from, these styles go boldly from day to night. select shapewear according to problem area to enhance a particular part of the body, shop for shapewear by problem area. from the best tummy control shapewear for muffin top to shapewear that will mold and lift your bottom, we've got you covered. all over control you're a modern woman in control of her destiny, so shouldn't you also be in control of how you look and feel in your favorite clothes? full body control shapewear gives you all-around support whenever you need it. having a body shaper under your belt will give you one less thing to think about as you slay all day. control your tummy the best tummy control shapewear is designed to streamline your look, helping you rise to every occasion with confidence and style. we've got a selection ranging from tummy shaper body suits perfect for an evening out to leggings that will carry you from the gym to brunch. every one of these pieces is sure to become an instant classic. shape your rear celebrate your bootylicious self with some rear lifting shapewear. your backend will look its most shapely and toned in a strategically designed booty lifter. who said you had to do endless squats to have a perfect backside? slim your hips & thighs of course your hips don't lie, but we think it's perfectly acceptable for them to have a secret. from thigh slimmer body suits to day-to-night slips, these pieces will have your curves looking their choicest. we won't tell if you don't. slim your legs for legs for days, grab some slimming staples and get ready to wow. from sexy shaping pantyhose to slimming leggings fit for everything—errands or a night out—you'll be looking and feeling unstoppable. smooth your back your back is strong and sexy, so don't be afraid to show it off. banish any bumps with these body shapers for back fat. from shaping tanks to comfortable bodysuits, these key pieces will have you walking tall. trim your torso no tummy pooch or thigh jiggle stands a chance against these classic high-waist shapewear pieces. whether you opt for a bodysuit or control top hose, you'll stay comfy and confident in every situation. so go ahead and slip into something slinky—you only live once! trim your waist ready to put a little va-va-voom in your vocabulary? layer a waist cincher under your favorite outfit, and you're done. celebrities and fashion bloggers alike have been relying on the modern-day girdle to achieve the hourglass silhouette for ages. isn't it time you got in on this sexy style secret? choose among shapewear styles to suit your outfit you can also select shapewear by what outfit you’re wearing. if you’re looking for something to go with a wrap dress, try a shapewear slip. for everyday shapewear, consider shaping briefs. for clingier outfits where you don’t want visible panty lines, go with a shapewear thong. high waisted control panties everything old is new again, and nothing says retro glamour these days like a pair of high waisted control panties. the shape of tummy control underwear flatters your figure, and they’re about as comfortable as it gets. sometimes, more is more. thigh slimmers such a smart invention: a thigh slimmer is thigh shapewear that can turn shorts, pants, skirts or dresses from snug to slinky. if only everything in life could be smoothed out as easily. open bust shapewear need a little smoothing but still want to wear your usual bra? an open bust body shaper is the answer. you get the same shaping and support up top while slimming your waist, thighs and bum, with no weird flattening or squishing in the wrong places. shapewear leggings did you know that slimming leggings are a thing? not only are they form-fitting, comfortable and stylish, shapewear leggings also make your legs look their absolute best. they’re pretty much the perfect pants. thong shapewear looking for tummy control without visible panty lines? the solution is simple. a thong body shaper comes to your booty’s rescue. helping to tone and tighten, thong shapewear streamlines your silhouette while making it look like you’ve got nothing at all underneath that body-conscious dress. shaping bodysuit the bodysuit is the new camisole. paired with a blazer or the perfect pair of jeans, the only way it can be any better is if it’s also is a body shaper. from racy and lacy to straight-up shapewear, you can stock your drawers full of all the smoothest, latest and greatest. control top pantyhose these aren’t your mama’s control top pantyhose. think of them as a high-tech version that flattens and flatters your tummy and bum while creating that lovely airbrush effect on your legs. pick a pair in every color so you’re always prepared. shaping panties slimming and stylish, our shaping panties are the simplest kind of shapewear. you’re already wearing undies—you might as well get the double-duty slimming effect from a pair of control top panties. slimming camisoles a shapewear camisole smooths you in all the right spots, four seasons a year. wear these slimming tank tops alone or layered underneath a jacket or sheer shirt. you’ve got to ask why you would ever wear a tank top that doesn’t multitask again. slimming pants your search for the perfect pair of control pants is over. these shaping versions work harder than the typical trouser. these slimming pants look stylish while sculpting legs, and you never feel like you’re wearing shapewear at all. you’ll want to stay in them long after clocking out. shapewear slips what if coverage for a sheer dress or skirt had an added benefit? enter the shapewear slip that looks as flirty as the original. the difference: the body-conforming version won’t bunch up on you mid-stride, so you always look polished and put-together. waist cincher no whalebone corsets here. while a teeny waist has never gone out of fashion, the methods have definitely changed. whether you’re looking for a waist cincher or a waist shaper, we’ve got the modern-day girdle. a snap to get into and out of and way more comfortable, accentuating your hourglass figure has never been easier. > more back to top back to top free shipping on orders over $70 free shipping on orders over $70 easy exchanges get your perfect fit easy exchanges get your perfect fit 60-day returns simple no hassle returns 60-day returns simple no hassle returns fit tips & advice how to measure your bra size bra fit checklist bra style guide sports bra guide what to wear under white bralette fit guide customer support contact us faqs shipping information bra fitters available 60 day returns shop by style # about bare necessities about us sign-up for email blog see our video e-gift certificates customer support faqs shipping information bra fitters available 60 day returns contact us shop by style # fit tips & advice blog guides & glossaries bra finder top 12 types of bras lingerie styles for every body type how to measure your bra size bare necessities about us sign-up for email careers e-gift certificates my account sign in create account track order share the love need help? 1.877.728.9272 1.877.728.9272 ship to: © 1997-2018, bareweb, inc., bare necessities® privacy policy | interest based ads | terms of use | sales tax notice privacy policy | interest based ads | terms of use | sales tax notice love it? save it! please sign in to see yourmost-loved finds. great to see you again! please sign in to see your most-loved finds. new to bare necessities? sign up to save your favorite styles, enjoy faster checkout and track your orders. reset your password? no problem! enter your email address below. thank you! please check your inbox. you have been sent an email to verify your account and reset your password. email address reset continue shopping email address example: youremail@address.com go to enter your password password (case sensitive) go go back to entering email address forgot your password? re-enter password go and create your account go back to the password screen welcome back! welcome! our apologies...we are experiencing a technical issue with this page. please call us at 1.877.728.9272, 24 hours a day, 7 days a week and we'll gladly help you complete your order. if you prefer, you may also email us at info@barenecessities.com. please include: your name, where on our site you received the error, any questions you may have, and how and when you'd like us to contact you. our business hours are monday-saturday 8:30am-6pm est. × convert my size select a brand,then click go. × which brand do you wear? adore me aerie anita ashley stewart b.tempt'd by wacoal bali calvin klein chantelle charnos curvy couture curvy kate dominique elomi empreinte fantasie freya glamorise lane bryant/cacique le mystère lilyette marlies dekkers miss mandalay natori olga panache playtex pour moi prima donna simone perele soma spanx thirdlove torrid vanity fair victoria's secret wacoal my brand is not listed go tell us your brand. we’ll convert all our styles to your equivalent size and suggest the best bras for you. no thanks. close close our apologies...we are experiencing a technical issue with this page. please call us at 1.877.728.9272, 24 hours a day, 7 days a week and we'll gladly help you complete your order. if you prefer, you may also email us at info@barenecessities.com. please include: your name, where on our site you received the error, any questions you may have, and how and when you'd like us to contact you. our business hours are monday-saturday 8:30am-6pm est. international shipping options select the country you will be shipping to and your preferred billing currency. there was an error. please try again later. select shipping destination afghanistan albania algeria andorra angola anguilla antigua and barbuda armenia aruba australia azerbaijan bahamas bahrain bangladesh barbados belarus belize benin bermuda bhutan bolivia bonaire, sint eustatius and saba bosnia and herzegovina botswana brazil brunei darussalam burkina faso burundi cã´te d'ivoire cambodia cameroon canada cape verde cayman islands central african republic chad chile china christmas island cocos (keeling) islands colombia comoros congo, democratic republic of the congo, republic of the cook islands costa rica curaã§ao djibouti dominica dominican republic ecuador egypt el salvador equatorial guinea eritrea ethiopia falkland islands (malvinas) faroe islands fiji french guiana french polynesia gabon gambia georgia ghana gibraltar greenland grenada guadeloupe guatemala guernsey guinea guinea-bissau guyana haiti holy see (vatican city state) honduras hong kong india indonesia iraq isle of man israel jamaica japan jersey jordan kazakhstan kenya kiribati korea, republic of kuwait kyrgyzstan lao people's democratic republic lebanon lesotho liberia libya macao macedonia, the former yugoslav republic of madagascar malawi malaysia maldives mali marshall islands martinique mauritania mauritius mayotte mexico micronesia, federated states of moldova, republic of monaco mongolia montenegro montserrat morocco mozambique myanmar namibia nauru nepal new caledonia new zealand nicaragua niger nigeria niue oman pakistan palau panama papua new guinea paraguay peru philippines qatar rã©union russian federation rwanda saint barthã©lemy saint kitts and nevis saint lucia saint pierre and miquelon saint vincent and the grenadines samoa san marino sao tome and principe saudi arabia senegal serbia seychelles sierra leone singapore sint maarten (dutch part) solomon islands somalia south africa sri lanka suriname swaziland taiwan tajikistan tanzania, united republic of thailand timor-leste togo tonga trinidad and tobago tunisia turkey turks and caicos islands tuvalu uganda ukraine united arab emirates united states uruguay uzbekistan vanuatu vietnam virgin islands, british wallis and futuna yemen zambia zimbabwe select currency australian dollar bahamian dollar bahraini dinar balboa barbados dollar belize dollar boliviano bosnian convertible mark british pound bulgarian lev canadian dollar cayman islands dollar cfa franc bceao cfa franc beac chilean peso colombian peso cordoba oro costa rican colon croatian kuna czech koruna danish krone dominican peso egyptian pound euro guarani hong kong dollar hungarian forint indian rupee indonesian rupiah israeli shekel jamaican dollar japanese yen jordanian dinar korean won kuwaiti dinar lebanese pound lempira lilangeni malayan ringgit mexican peso moroccan dirham namibia dollar nepalese rupee netherlands antillan guilder new romanian leu new zealand dollar norwegian krone omani rial pakistan rupee peruvian nuevo sol philippine peso polish zloty qatari riyal quetzal riel rufiyaa russian ruble saudi riyal singapore dollar south african rand sri lanka rupee swedish krona swiss franc taiwan dollar taka tenge thai baht turkish lira ukraine hryvnia united arab emirates dirham uruguay new peso us dollar yuan renminbi set shipping destination & currency i want to shop as a us customer × ×