来源URL: https://web.archive.org/web/20231231033730/https://www.barenecessities.com/customerservice.aspx
================================================================================

customer service at bare necessities skip to main 10 for $35 panties details up to 40% off top drawer sale go to bare necessities home page 0 go to bare necessities home page find my fit go to your favorites list 0 shop by bra size new just in valentine's day most wanted now featuring bras panties swim active sleepwear sexy lingerie shape racy bras lust-worthy lingerie sexy panties sweet sleep hot bodysuits shop all valentine's day beach riot body up pj harlow sweaty betty hanro lauren by ralph lauren adidas shop by bra size bra-sized swimwear our exclusive panty deals 3 for $48 panties today's deals in the press gift cards bras featured top styles bra finder dd+ bras best sellers exclusively ours plus-size bras bras on sale wire-free bras sports bras t-shirt bras minimizer bras underwire bras strapless bras bralettes front-close bras push-up bras racerback bras nursing & maternity balconette plunge lightly lined bras bra fit finder meet bare by bare necessities panties featured top styles best sellers 3 for $48 panties expert panty picks exclusively ours panties on sale thongs hi-cut briefs briefs bikinis crotchless boyshorts cheeky hipster g-string shaping & control seamless sheer multi-packs leak proof plus size comfy, classic cotton top-rated panties sleep featured sleepwear loungewear new arrivals best sellers exclusively ours sleepwear on sale nightgowns & sleepshirts pajama sets sexy sleepwear robes & kimonos chemises & babydolls pajama tops pajama bottoms bridal sleepwear slippers loungewear sets joggers & sweatpants tank tops sweatshirts & hoodies dreamy new arrivals active featured sports bras top styles new arrivals best sellers dd+ sports bras exclusively ours plus-size activewear activewear on sale high impact medium impact low impact shop all leggings & yoga pants dresses & skirts shorts sporty new arrivals swim featured top styles shop swim by bra size dd+ swimsuits best sellers new arrivals exclusively ours swimwear on sale dd+ swimsuits bra-sized swimwear tankinis bikinis one-piece swimsuits plus-size swimsuits swim cover-ups slimming swimsuits high-waisted bikini bottoms underwire swimsuits skirted swimsuits swim lookbook lingerie featured top styles best sellers new arrivals sexy sets under $50 plus-size lingerie lingerie on sale babydolls & chemises teddies bodysuits crotchless see-through lingerie sexy panties garters & garter belts corsets & bustiers sexy bras sexy sleepwear innerwear goes out shape featured top styles target area best sellers new arrivals exclusively ours plus-size shapewear shapewear on sale shaping bodysuits shaping panties slimming camisoles mid-thigh shapers shaping leggings high-waisted panties longline bras bridal shapewear back-smoothing bras backless controls tummy allover control trims waist slims hips & thighs smooths back trims torso shapes rear shapewear solutions bridal featured top styles best sellers new arrivals bridal shapewear bras & panties sleepwear lingerie shapewear swimwear accessories the wedding shop sale featured departments clearance new markdowns top-rated bra sale bn outlet bras panties swimwear sleepwear dd+ sexy lingerie activewear shapewear plus-size bras hosiery more featured departments bra finder shop your bra size new arrivals exclusively ours today's deals sale dd+ styles hosiery plus size maternity & nursing accessories men's socks slippers mastectomy luxury edit brands bras panties sleep active shape wacoal bare chantelle panache freya empriente camio mio reveal natori elomi fantasie glamorise bali warner's hanky panky vanity fair bare olga natori calvin klein pj harlow bare hanro papinelle lauren by ralph lauren polo by ralph lauren ugg bare body up panache glamorise anita sweaty betty spanx honey love tc fine intimates swim birdsong sunsets fantasie view all brands learn featured featured the "i do" list an epic spring break what your favorite color says bare by bare necessities living intimately with wacoal the power of lingerie mindblowing sports bras expert advice expert advice how to measure your bra size sports bra fit guide how to clean swimsuits bralette fit guide when to replace bras how to wash lingerie how to choose shapewear how to wash your bras shopping advice shopping advice sports bras for running best backless bras best seamless underwear bras for older women strapless bras for large busts best everyday bras bras for small breasts bras for every breast shape bra alternatives best underwear for working out style advice style advice 2023 swimsuit trends bikini buying guide 16 types of bras best shapewear for dresses types of panties lingerie style guide 2023 lingerie trends swimsuit style guide learn more customer service - faq's placing an order how can a bra fit expert help me? what is my shopper id? will i be charged sales tax on my order? how do i place a tax exempt order? are my items in stock? how do backorders work? when can i use afterpay? when can i use apple pay? when can i use visa checkout? what are my payment options? when will i be billed? how do i order by mail or fax? is it safe to use my credit card? is gift wrapping available? are gift receipts available? where can i enter a coupon or promotional code? how do i change my membership information? shipping and returns how much do you charge for shipping? when will my order be shipped? can i modify or cancel an order? can i track my order? does bare necessities accept international orders? what is bare necessities' return policy? i want to exchange for instant credit. how does that work? about bare necessities what about my privacy? what are cookies? does bare necessities use them? how can i submit comments and suggestions? international orders international customers - click here how can a bra fit expert help me? our certified bra fit experts are professionally trained to assess your bra concerns, find you the right size through a complimentary, personalized over-the-phone bra fitting and help point you to the perfect styles for your body and your life. call us monday-wednesday 8:30am-8:00pm est and thursday-friday 8:30am-5:00pm est at 1.877.728.9272 1.877.728.9272 (select option 4). back to top what is my shopper id? your shopper id is 80d299 not sure what's going on with your bag? call us at 1.877.728.9272 and give a customer service representative your shopper id. a shopper id is a unique id that identifies what is in your shopping bag. we would be happy to help you complete your transaction. back to top will i be charged sales tax on my order? items sold by bare necessities are subject to tax when shipped to destinations in: al, ar, az, ca, co, ct, dc, fl, ga, ia, id, il, in, ks, ky, la, ma, md, me, mi, mn, mo, ms, nc, nd, ne, nj, nm, ny, nv, oh, ok, pa, ri, sc, sd, tn, tx, ut, va, vt, wa, wi, wv and wy. any applicable tax will be applied to the price you pay for taxable items, less any and all extra savings. back to top how do i place a tax exempt order? eligible governmental, non-profit, charitable and similar organizations should email all tax-exempt requests to taxexempt@barenecessities.com. please specify the order number of the bare necessities order for which the exemption is requested and include a copy of applicable state or federal exemption certificates. eligible tax exemptions will be processed by bare necessities and tax will be refunded to the original payment method. bare necessities does not store the tax-exempt status for any organization. please email taxexempt@barenecessities.com for each order placed on barenecessities.com. bare necessities does not honor resale exemption certificates, as purchases for resale are against the bare necessities terms of use. back to top are my items in stock? we offer real-time inventory. you can check if any item is available on each product page by selecting the size and color you need. if the color/size combination is no longer available, a message will show up in red stating "this color/size combination is no longer available." back to top how do backorders work? if the size/color you need is on backorder, a message will show up underneath the add to bag button stating ships 2-3 weeks or ships 6-8 weeks. you can still place an order for these items, and we recommend doing so to save your place in line! once we receive your item back in stock, we will ship it out to you for no additional shipping cost! charging for backorders: when you place your order, there will be a pending authorization hold on the total amount of the order; this charge drops a few business days after the purchase. you are not charged for backordered items until they ship. once we receive the items in stock, we will ship them out to you via our standard shipping method (5-7 business days) at no additional charge. when the items ship, you will be charged for the merchandise and any applicable tax. if backorders are discounted: sometimes your backordered items will get broken up into separate shipments based on availability. if the items carry a discount or promotion, the last items that ship will carry the discount or "free" status. for example, say you take advantage of a buy 2 get 1 free promotion and order 9 pairs of maidenform comfort devotion hipsters that are backordered 2-3 weeks. we may receive a partial shipment and send you 6 pairs. you would be charged for the 6 pairs as they ship. the following week, we may receive another shipment from the vendor, then those 3 will ship out to you free of charge and free of any shipping charges since the final items to ship always carry the discount. back to top when can i use afterpay? we accept afterpay on u.s. orders that are between $1 - $2000. afterpay cannot be used to purchase gift certificates or backordered items, or to place orders requiring gift receipts. afterpay cannot be combined with the redemption of gift certificates, vouchers or store credit. back to top when can i use apple pay? we accept apple pay on compatible devices on u.s. orders. apple pay cannot be used to purchase gift certificates, to place orders requiring gift receipts or to place orders shipped to apo/fpo addresses. orders purchased using apple pay cannot redeem gift certificates, vouchers or store credit. back to top when can i use visa checkout? we accept visa checkout for u.s. orders. visa checkout accounts can use any major credit or debit card to pay for a purchase. back to top what are my payment options? online, we accept visa, mastercard, american express, discover, apple pay, visa checkout, afterpay and paypal. you can also place an order over the phone (877.728.9272, option 1), by mail or fax. back to top when will i be billed? you will be billed when your package is shipped from our fulfillment center, unless afterpay is used as the payment method. we usually ship in- stock items within 1-3 business days, excluding holidays. if you cancel your order prior to shipment, you will not be billed. afterpay orders are billed according to afterpay’s schedule, which can be viewed on afterpay.com. back to top how do i order by mail or fax? you may place your order by printing our order form and faxing or mailing it to us. you may need adobe acrobat reader to view/print the order form. download adobe acrobat reader back to top is it safe to use my credit card? yes, shopping at bare necessities is safe. our secure server software encrypts information, ensuring that internet transactions stay private and protected. we use secure sockets layer (ssl) technology, considered the gold standard in internet encryption technology, to protect the security of your credit card information as it is transmitted to us. under the fair credit billing act, your bank or credit card company cannot hold you liable for more than $50 of unauthorized or fraudulent charges on a credit card. your liability for unauthorized use of a debit card may be higher, but most debit card issuers voluntarily apply the $50 limit to their cards, as well. if your bank does hold you liable for any amount up to $50, bare necessities will cover the liability imposed on you, up to $50. bare necessities will cover this amount only if the unauthorized use of your credit card occurred at bare necessities, as determined by your credit card company, and through no fault of your own. you must notify your card provider, in accordance with the agreement you have with the company, if unauthorized use of your credit or debit card does occur. back to top is gift wrapping available? at this time, we do not offer gift wrapping services, although you may designate your purchase as a gift during checkout. we take great pride in our packaging. each order is carefully wrapped in delicate tissue and placed inside an unmarked shipping box or shipping envelope. bare necessities packing slips for gifts do not contain pricing information. please be aware that the order confirmation email does contain pricing information for both gift orders and non-gift orders. back to top are gift receipts available? yes! during checkout, you will have an opportunity to designate your order as a gift. bare necessities packing slips for gifts serve as gift receipts, as they do not contain pricing information. please be aware that the order confirmation email does contain pricing information for both gift orders and non-gift orders. back to top where can i enter a coupon or promotional code? occasionally we offer coupon or promotional codes to our customers. to use one of these codes, please enter the code on the "bag" page of our checkout process. if you place your order over the phone, please inform the customer service representative that you have a code. only one coupon code may be used per order. back to top how do i change my membership information? personal information relating to you and your order history are only available to you if you provide the correct password that you create. to access your private information, you first sign in here, and then you can edit or delete your information through the "my account" page. your email address can only be changed by calling us at 1.877.728.9272. back to top how much do you charge for shipping? your shipping options and costs will vary based on your delivery address and package weight. some states require we collect sales tax on shipping costs. your actual shipping charges will be reflected at checkout. shipping fees are not refundable unless we fail to meet our service level for guaranteed shipping for in-stock items. weather, natural disasters and other uncontrollable events can interrupt transportation flow, and the delivery of your package might be delayed. we apologize for any inconvenience. shipping method delivery by* ordersbelow $50 orders$50 and up(before tax) standard 3-7 business days viayour local post office $6.95 free usps priority mail 3-5 business days viayour local post office starts at $9 starts at $9 2-day shipping 2 business daysvia fedex* $17.95 $12.95 overnight guaranteed deliverynext business day viafedex* $26.95 $21.95 next day saturday guaranteed deliveryby saturday via fedex $36.95 $31.95 standard shipping and usps priority mail are delivered by the local post office. 2-day, next day and next day saturday deliveries are delivered by fedex. fedex home delivery delivers to homes tuesday-saturday. fedex ground delivers to businesses monday-friday. *orders for 2-day and next day deliveries that are placed after 1:00pm et will leave our warehouse the next business day. shipping is available to all 50 united states, p.o. box addresses, apo/fpo/dpo addresses, u.s. territories (guam, puerto rico, u.s. virgin islands) and rural routes. please see our international faq’s for international shipping details. back to top when will my order be shipped? we usually ship in-stock items within 1-3 business days, excluding holidays. select shipping methods ship the same day for in-stock orders placed by 1:00pm et. see our shipping methods, above, for details. don’t forget it’s never too late to send an e-gift certificate. back to top can i modify or cancel an order? our team works hard to ship your intimates as quickly as possible. that's why we can’t make any changes to your order once we've received it. thanks for your understanding. back to top can i track my order? once your order is shipped, you will be sent an email confirmation with your tracking number and link to track your order. you may also track your order and return status at www.barenecessities.com/status by entering your order number and zip code for us orders only. you do not need to be a member to track your order. back to top does bare necessities accept international orders? yes! we ship internationally to over 100 countries and territories though our shipping partner borderfree. international shoppers now get the benefit of seeing product prices in their local currency, guaranteed order totals, cost-effective international shipping, and much more. click here for our international faq's. back to top what is bare necessities' return policy? we want you to love what you’ve found! if you’re not satisfied, please return it within 30 days from purchase: returning within 30 days from purchase: your credit card or account will be refunded. returning items from an order purchased with a voucher or e-gift certificate: if your entire order was paid for with a voucher, e-gift certificate or rewards cheque, any refund you request for returned items will be issued as a voucher. we only accept unworn/unwashed merchandise with tags. returns or exchanges are not accepted on final sale items. back to top how do i return or exchange something? to initiate a return or exchange, please visit barenecessities.com/returns. please allow up to 15 days from shipment for return processing. if you need us to honor the price on your previous order, please contact our customer service team for assistance at 1.877.728.9272. please be advised that our warehouse recently relocated, and processing of return shipments has been slightly delayed during this transition. if you ship items back for a return, it may take us a bit longer than usual to issue your refund or credit. once your return is processed, you will receive a detailed return confirmation email. back to top who pays for return shipping? if you are returning a purchase, you are responsible for the return shipping. when we process your return, a fee of $6.95 will be deducted from your return credit if you choose to use the printed label through our online customer returns process. you can also ship your return back yourself. we recommend using an insured, traceable method and cannot be held accountable for lost packages. in the unlikely event that we inadvertently sent you incorrect merchandise or you received damaged merchandise, please notify us immediately at 1.877.728.9272 so that we can waive your return shipping fee and initiate a replacement. your replacement items will ship free of charge. back to top how do i return using the online customer returns process? using the order number, find the order you would like to return. members can also look up their orders in their order history. 1. select the items you would like to return, and follow the prompts. 2. print your return packing slip and/or label. 3. pack the item(s) you wish to return and your return packing slip in the box. 4. drop off your package. please ensure you enclose the correct item and apply the right shipping label when making a return. the correct item must be returned to receive a refund. bare necessities does not store items mistakenly sent to us and instead donates or recycles these items when appropriate and possible. if you accidentally sent the wrong item in your return parcel, please contact customer service as soon as possible. we cannot guarantee that your item will be found and returned, and no compensation is provided for incorrect items shipped back to us. back to top where do i drop off my package? printing a label using our online customer service returns using your own label place in your mailbox for pick-up by the mail carrier, or drop off at any usps location. ship using any carrier to: bareweb c/o xb fulfillment 7917 south 23rd street suite 100 mcallen, tx 78503 make sure to insure your package! back to top i want to exchange for instant credit. how does that work? in our online returns & exchanges process, you may elect to receive your refund as an instant credit voucher that you can use immediately to place your exchange order. instant credit vouchers are valid for a limited time. any unused balance on an instant credit voucher will be issued as a refund in accordance with our standard refund policy when our returns center receives your merchandise. instant credit may be offered as a refund option on u.s. orders of $500 or less. only one instant credit voucher can be created per order. if the order was purchased using an instant credit voucher, subsequent exchanges or returns will not be offered as an instant credit voucher. in using an instant credit voucher as payment, you are waiving your right to receive that amount of your refund back to your original payment method. bare necessities may, at its sole discretion, deny instant credit as a refund option to a customer. back to top what about my privacy? we are committed to protecting your privacy. we use the information we collect on the site to make shopping on this web site possible and to enhance your overall shopping experience. click on this link to view our complete privacy policy. back to top what are cookies? does bare necessities use them? simply put, a cookie is a small piece of information that web sites use to remember information about users. bare necessities uses two types of cookies to recognize our members. we use transient cookies to provide continuity from page to page. they do not contain any personally identifying information. bare necessities uses persistent cookies to identify members after their first visit. back to top how can i submit comments and suggestions? you can send email to info@barenecessities.com, use our feedback form, or call us at 1.877.728.9272 – our bra fit experts are available to assist you monday-wednesday 8:30am-8:00pm est and thursday-friday 8:30am-5:00pm est. for questions about your order, our support team is available monday-wednesday 8:30am-8:00pm est and thursday-friday 8:30am-5:00pm est back to top back to top back to top explore more bras panties lingerie swim shape sleep active today's deals clearance explore customer support faqs shipping information bra fit experts returns & exchanges contact us shop by style # fit tips & advice blog guides & glossaries bra finder lingerie styles for every body type how to measure your bra size types of bras bare necessities about us careers e-gift certificates view all brands bare necessities reviews in the press affiliates seamless loyalty program customer support faqs shipping information bra fit experts returns & exchanges contact us shop by style # fit tips & advice guides & glossaries bra finder types of bras lingerie styles for every body type how to measure your bra size bare necessities about us careers e-gift certificates view all brands bare necessities reviews in the press affiliates seamless loyalty program my account sign in create account my orders share the love need help? 1.877.728.9272 ship to: © 1997-2024, bareweb, inc., bare necessities® privacy policy interest based ads terms of use sales tax notice accessibility do not sell my personal information my account my orders seamless perks enjoy free shipping on orders over $50 sign up sign in search clear close close our apologies...we are experiencing a technical issue with this page. please call us at 1.877.728.9272 and we'll gladly help you complete your order. if you prefer, you may also email us at info@barenecessities.com. please include: your name, where on our site you received the error, any questions you may have, and how and when you'd like us to contact you. our business hours are monday-wednesday 8:30am-8:00pm est and thursday-friday 8:30am-5:00pm est. international shipping options select the country you will be shipping to and your preferred billing currency. there was an error. please try again later. select shipping destination albania algeria andorra angola anguilla antigua and barbuda armenia aruba australia austria azerbaijan bahamas bahrain bangladesh barbados belgium belize benin bermuda bhutan bolivia bonaire, sint eustatius and saba bosnia and herzegovina botswana brunei darussalam bulgaria burkina faso burundi cã´te d'ivoire cambodia cameroon canada cape verde cayman islands chad chile china christmas island cocos (keeling) islands colombia comoros congo, democratic republic of the congo, republic of the cook islands costa rica croatia curaã§ao cyprus czech republic denmark djibouti dominica dominican republic ecuador egypt el salvador equatorial guinea eritrea estonia ethiopia falkland islands (malvinas) faroe islands fiji finland france french guiana french polynesia gambia georgia germany ghana gibraltar greece greenland grenada guadeloupe guatemala guernsey guinea guyana haiti holy see (vatican city state) honduras hong kong hungary india indonesia ireland isle of man israel italy jamaica japan jersey jordan kazakhstan kenya kiribati korea, republic of kuwait kyrgyzstan lao people's democratic republic latvia lebanon lesotho liberia libya lithuania luxembourg macao madagascar malawi malaysia maldives malta marshall islands martinique mauritania mauritius mayotte mexico micronesia, federated states of moldova, republic of monaco mongolia montenegro montserrat morocco mozambique namibia nauru nepal netherlands new caledonia new zealand nicaragua nigeria niue north macedonia, republic of norway oman pakistan palau panama papua new guinea paraguay peru philippines poland portugal qatar rã©union romania rwanda saint barthã©lemy saint kitts and nevis saint lucia saint pierre and miquelon saint vincent and the grenadines samoa san marino sao tome and principe saudi arabia senegal serbia seychelles sierra leone singapore sint maarten (dutch part) slovakia slovenia solomon islands south africa spain sri lanka suriname swaziland sweden switzerland taiwan tajikistan tanzania, united republic of thailand timor-leste togo tonga trinidad and tobago tunisia turkey turks and caicos islands tuvalu uganda united arab emirates united kingdom united states uruguay uzbekistan vanuatu vietnam virgin islands, british wallis and futuna zambia zimbabwe select currency australian dollar bahamian dollar bahraini dinar balboa barbados dollar belize dollar boliviano bosnian convertible mark british pound bulgarian lev canadian dollar cayman islands dollar cfa franc bceao cfa franc beac chilean peso colombian peso cordoba oro costa rican colon czech koruna danish krone dominican peso egyptian pound euro guarani hong kong dollar hungarian forint indian rupee indonesian rupiah israeli shekel jamaican dollar japanese yen jordanian dinar korean won kuwaiti dinar lempira lilangeni malayan ringgit mexican peso moroccan dirham namibia dollar nepalese rupee netherlands antillan guilder new romanian leu new zealand dollar norwegian krone omani rial pakistan rupee peruvian nuevo sol philippine peso polish zloty qatari riyal quetzal riel rufiyaa russian ruble saudi riyal singapore dollar south african rand sri lanka rupee swedish krona swiss franc taiwan dollar taka tenge thai baht turkish lira ukraine hryvnia united arab emirates dirham uruguay new peso us dollar yuan renminbi set shipping destination & currency i want to shop as a us customer × your session expired.please click ok to refresh the page and continue. ok × looks like we’re bare at the moment. please try again later.