来源URL: https://web.archive.org/web/20101225075441/http://www.dna11.com/faq.asp
================================================================================

dna art by dna 11 | your dna as artwork on canvas deutsch · espańol · français call 24/7:   1-866-619-9574 online support dna art blog · faq · customer support overview charities partners and resellers privacy guarantee satisfaction guarantee blog news and events press room contact us media clippings news releases events and exhibits dna portraits™ dna ancestry portraits™ dna mini portraits™ fingerprint portraits™ kiss portraits™ gift solutions pricing and color options gift certificates testimonials overview how it works faq buy now overview faq buy now overview how it works faq buy now overview how it works faq buy now overview how it works faq buy now overview special occasions corporate gifts pet portraits check order status gift registration contact us overview gallery how it works faq all products the ultimate gift. no need to sneak any dna. we make gift giving simple & fast! privacy and security. our strict procedures guarantee that your personal information and samples are absolutely secure. original. authentic. you’ve come to the source! dna 11 invented the dna portrait. satisfaction guaranteed. if you don’t completely love it we’ll give you all your money back. dna portrait™ faqs about dna sample collection how will i collect my dna? do you accept only cheek cells in the collection process? is each piece truly unique to every individual? about security and privacy how do you ensure my security and privacy? how do i know that my artwork was made from my dna only? are the art pieces signed? what genetic information can be retrieved from my artwork? do you keep my dna? do you store my image? about dna portrait options can i choose the color and size of my art piece? what materials do you use to create the art piece? can you make a dna portrait of deceased person? can i combine more than one dna sample onto a single canvas? may i order a digital file of my dna? can i make a dna portrait of my favorite pet? how can i surprise someone with a dna portrait as a gift? what’s the difference between the dna portraits and the dna mini portraits? what options are not available with the dna mini portraits? how do i add a custom message to my dna mini portrait? how is the dna mini portrait printed? what is the mini portrait frame made from? can the print be removed from the glass frame? what if i want to give a dna mini portrait as a gift? about costs and delivery how much does it cost to have a dna portrait made? do you offer any discount for the purchase of more than one piece? how long will it take to receive my artwork? does my artwork come stretched? in the unstretched version, is there a border for stretching the canvas? do you ship outside the u.s. and canada? what is your return policy? about dna sample collection how will i collect my dna? it's simple. just follow our step-by-step directions for taking an effortless, painless sample of cheek cells using a special swab from your mouth. you'll find straightforward instructions in the collection kit we send out the day you place your order. learn more about the process. do you accept only cheek cells in the collection process? cheek cells are the most common source of dna samples because they're easiest to collect. the process is completely painless and simple. (see "how will i collect my dna" above) is each piece truly unique to every individual? absolutely. the technique we employ would result in a unique genetic image for every individual in the world! no two pieces of art can ever be the same. we think that's the beauty of dna portraiture. dna ancestry portraits are created using a combination of your mtdna data and your unique order id for a work of art that is both original and informative. about security and privacy how do you ensure my security and privacy? at dna 11, privacy and security are critical priorities. we use a secure lab facility to process your dna sample, and a coded six-digit tracking number, not names, to identify samples. our laboratory is certified by appropriate governing boards, and processes thousands of samples each month under stringent privacy regulations. our privacy policy should reassure you, but please contact us directly with any specific concerns. how do i know that my artwork was made from my dna only? as you might expect, we take great pride in ensuring the authenticity of every dna portrait we create. we use fail-safe methods to track every sample we receive, and have strict processes for verifying that the secure tracking code on your artwork does indeed match your identity. in fact, we're so proud of our system we invited major media outlets including discovery channel and hgtv to tour our facilities. are the art pieces signed? every art piece we produce comes with a signed certificate of authenticity along with a unique serial number printed on a hologram. as the pioneers of dna portraits, we want you to be confident that your artwork is a dna 11 original! we don't sign the front of the artwork, because you are in fact the true artist. as such, we provide an option for you to add your signature to your art. what genetic information can be retrieved from my artwork? for the original dna portrait, none. we do this on purpose to add an additional layer of security to your art piece. if you would like specific traits to be highlighted in your art piece you can contact us to make arrangements as this as a custom procedure. the standard procedure we use creates a unique, artistic representation of your genetic code, but it does not hold any specific information about your genetic makeup. there is no way that anyone can read the portrait to deduce anything specific about your dna. however, for the dna ancestry portrait, your art piece, when scanned by a compatible smartphone, unveils your maternal lineage dating back thousands of years. keep in mind that this information is very general in nature and does not reveal any specifics as to your racial or cultural heritage as dna haplogroups represent the earliest travels of your ancient ancestors. migration in the recent millennium, combined with the fact that this only represents your mother's genealogy, means that your racial and cultural heritage may differ significantly from your mtdna haplogroup. do you keep my dna? no. every sample is discarded in our secure lab facility immediately after an image is successfully captured. the destruction of your sample is a mandatory step in a highly secure process. learn more about our security policy here. do you store my image? your biological dna sample is destroyed immediately after it is captured as a digital image. this digital image is stored but only for six months, and then it is permanently deleted. should you wish for us to delete it sooner, just get in touch with us and we'll be happy to carry out your wishes. storing an electronic image of your raw dna portrait can save you sampling and set-up costs should you decide to place a future order. remember that the procedure we use creates a unique image, but does not store any information whatsoever about your genetic code. scan our privacy and security policy for more information. about dna portrait options can i choose the color and size of my art piece? yes. we have many options to allow you to express your personality while you match your décor! we have 25 unique color options. be creative. all the choices are visible in our online store. if you would like a custom color created we can match any pantone color or paint code for you for an additional fee of just $100. dna ancestry portraits require contrasting colors in order to scan properly; therefore each of our color palettes is designed with this in mind. if you wish to use a custom color combination let us know and we'll test it beforehand. contact us for more details. what materials do you use to create the art piece? each piece is a giclee fine art piece, printed on high-quality, acid-free, polyester-cotton canvas, using pigmented inks designed to resist fading. each piece is also sealed with a non-yellowing protective varnish to further prolong the print life. learn more about our art. can you make a dna portrait of deceased person? yes. it's a common request. many people take great comfort in having a dna portrait of a departed loved one. working with about ten inches total of individual hair strands, we can capture a precise dna image through a process called mitochondrial dna extraction. please contact us for more information. can i combine more than one dna sample onto a single canvas? yes! our splitscreen artwork allows you to combine the dna of two, three or even four people on a single canvas. a splitscreen portrait makes a confident, affectionate statement of unity for couples, spouses, family members, business partners and friends. click here to order a splitscreen portrait. may i order a digital file of my dna? yes. at the end of the order process you will be given the option to purchase a digital file of your dna image that you can use as a screensaver, email to friends, or print yourself later. if you wish to purchase only the digital version of your dna portrait, we will accommodate, but there is no discount for digital-only requests. of course, you will save all shipping and handling costs. can i make a dna portrait of my favorite pet? effortlessly. a dna portrait of your companion is a beautiful way to celebrate the spirit of your friend. the process, like that for your human companions, is easy and painless (just a quick swab from the mouth). and the result is spectacular. the swab collects cheek cells so is best used on mammals such as dogs, cats and horses. learn more about dna pet portraits here. how can i surprise someone with a dna portrait as a gift? dna portraits make the perfect unique gift. we make it fun and effortless. when you order a dna portrait as a gift, we send you a slender, hinged, metal presentation box wrapped with a distinctive sleeve along with a gift card, instructions, collection kit and everything else your friend will need to get started. you do not need to select a color or frame before ordering. all you have to do is select the gift option when placing your order in our secure online store. you can wrap the presentation box as the symbol of your gift. surprise! what’s the difference between the dna portraits and the dna mini portraits? the order process, creation process, satisfaction guarantee, and privacy policy are all the same for the dna mini portrait as it is for our full-size dna portraits. the main difference is that the smaller mini portraits are available in only one size (8” x 10” / 20 cm x 25 cm). dna mini portraits also come in a high-quality glass frame suitable for desktop or wall display. plus, only the dna mini portrait allows you to add a name or personalized message to the bottom of the image – and for no extra charge. what options are not available with the dna mini portraits? the following options are not currently available for mini portraits: adding your signature combining more than one dna sample on one art piece choosing the digital file option fingerprint portraits™ and kiss portraits™ are not yet available in mini format. would you be interested when they are introduced? contact us – so that we may contact you. how do i add a custom message to my dna mini portrait? simply write your message by hand on the card provided in your collection kit (or print off your message and attach it to the card) and a member of our design team will add the text to your mini portrait. if you do not wish to add a message, we will leave the area under your portrait blank. see examples. how is the dna mini portrait printed? the dna mini portrait is printed on high quality archival paper (instead of canvas) using the giclee printing method. what is the mini portrait frame made from? the frame is made of high quality glass with stainless steel accents, suitable for shelf, desktop, or wall display. learn more about the frame here. can the print be removed from the glass frame? yes. the print can be removed easily from the glass, allowing you to reframe or matte onto a larger frame at a later date, if you so desire. what if i want to give a dna mini portrait as a gift? many people choose to give dna portraits as gifts – for holiday gift-giving, birthdays, mother’s day, father’s day, graduation (particularly for science, law, or medical students). no matter what the occasion, the unique gift of a dna mini portrait is sure to be appreciated. the gift recipient registers online, receives a dna collection kit, chooses from different color options, and can add a personal message. it’s the same easy process as it is for you. about costs and delivery how much does it cost to have a dna portrait made? prices range depending on the size and style of the art piece you select. explore the pricing options in our secure online store. do you offer any discount for the purchase of more than one piece? yes. we offer a discount for each additional piece ordered at the same time. the discount is applied to any additional pieces of the same or less value. you can also take advantage of combined shipping of multiple pieces for even greater savings. click here to place your order. how long will it take to receive my artwork? artwork is shipped within four weeks from the date we receive your dna sample. it will take about ten days or less to receive your collection kit. the sooner you send your kit back to us, the sooner we can get started creating your art piece. click here to learn about the entire process from start to finish. does my artwork come stretched? the choice is entirely yours. your artwork can be shipped ready to hang on your wall or rolled in a protective tube for framing later. you can make your choice when you place your order in our online store. to see the range of options, visit our online store now. in the unstretched version, is there a border for stretching the canvas? yes. if you choose to have your artwork rolled and shipped (rather than framed), we will leave a 1.75 inch overprint border and a one-inch blank border. that will give you and your framer plenty to work with. do you ship outside the u.s. and canada? yes. our art has been sold around the world, throughout asia, europe, central america and australia. you can order our art anywhere that ups goes. shipping our dna kit internationally is easy, safe and legal. what is your return policy? we want you to purchase your custom art piece with the confidence of knowing that you will be 100% satisfied with your order. it's that simple. we at dna 11 pride ourselves on providing the best customer experience with high-quality artwork and unparalleled customer service. if for any reason you are not fully satisfied with your dna artwork, we will completely refund your order or offer you a reprint at no extra charge. read about our ultimate satisfaction guarantee here. return to top close gallery fingerprint portraits kiss portraits dna portraits mini portraits click photo to enlarge next | previous next | previous next | view all | previous to save this photo to your computer: right click the photo and select "save picture as..." sign up for exclusive email offers & discounts. *we never spam. remove yourself at anytime. follow us share share company about us news and events press room dna art blog charity support contact us testimonials customer support check order status gift registration satisfaction guarantee privacy guarantee frequently asked questions partners and resellers become a partner affiliate program products dna portraits™ dna ancestry portraits™ new! dna mini portraits™ fingerprint portraits™ kiss portraits™ gift solutions pricing and color options gift certificates argentina | australia | bulgaria | belgië | brasil | canada | ceska | chile | china | colombia | danmark | deutschland | eesti vabariik | elláda | españa | france | hong kong | india | ireland | italia japan | korea | kýpros | lëtzbuerg | lietuvos | magyarország | malaysia | malta | mexico | nederland | new zealand | norge | österreich | polska | portugal | românia | rossiya | singapore slovenija | slovensko | suisse | suomi | sverige | türkiye | uae | united kingdom | usa | venezuela order by phone 24 hours a day:1-866-619-9574 join us on facebook © 2005 - 2010 dna 11 inc. all rights reserved.there is only one originalsm. looking for canvas printing? get your photos on canvas: visit our sister site canvaspop.