来源URL: https://web.archive.org/web/20230516134436/https://www.dna11.com/help/terms-of-service
================================================================================

terms of service | dna11 1-866-619-9574 × about us gallery products featured products dna portraits ™ fingerprint portraits ™ kiss portraits ™ gift certificates buy now help terms of use 1. acceptance of terms dna11.com. (“dna 11) terms of use. dna 11 provides its website and related services (“website”) subject to the following terms of use (“terms”). dna 11 reserves the right to change these terms from time to time without notice to you by posting new terms of use on the dna 11 website. please refer to the terms of use periodically for any changes. by continuing to use the dna 11 website, you are indicating your agreement to be bound by these terms and all revisions as follows. 2. eligibility dna 11 will only knowingly provide use to parties that can lawfully enter into and form contracts under applicable law. if you are under the age of 18 you may use dna 11 only under the supervision of a parent, or legal adult guardian who agrees to be bound by these terms. 2. user conduct in using this website, you agree to not: upload, download, post, email or otherwise transmit any materials including but not limited to text, data, sketches, photos, drawings, graphics, digital images, and related visual compositions or any of these elements in combination as a design for products available on this website or otherwise ("content") that are unlawful, harmful, obscene, pornographic, indecent, inflammatory, hateful, or racially, ethnically or otherwise objectionable, or invasive of another's rights including but not limited to rights of celebrity, privacy and intellectual property. impersonate any person or entity or falsely state or otherwise misrepresent your affiliation with a person or entity; upload, download, post, email or otherwise transmit any content that may infringe any patent, trademark, trade secret, copyright or other intellectual or proprietary right of any party. by uploading or downloading any content, you represent and warrant that you have the lawful right to reproduce and distribute such content and that the content complies with all applicable federal, state and local laws, regulations and ordinances; upload, download, post, email or otherwise transmit any content that would constitute or encourage a criminal offense, violate the rights of any party, or that would otherwise create liability or violate any local, state, national, or international law; upload, download, post, email or otherwise transmit any material that contains software viruses or any other computer code, files or programs designed to interrupt, destroy or limit the functionality of any computer software or hardware or telecommunications equipment; upload, download, post, email or otherwise transmit false or misleading information; disrupt or interfere with the security of, or otherwise abuse, the site, or any services, system resources, accounts, servers, or networks connected to or accessible through the site or affiliated or linked websites. access, tamper with or use non-public areas of the site. unauthorized individuals attempting to access these areas of the site may be subject to prosecution; disrupt or interfere with any other user's enjoyment of the site or affiliated or linked websites. 5. pricing prices for products on dna 11 are described on our site and incorporated into these terms by reference. all prices are in us dollars. prices and products may change at dna 11’s discretion. 6. shipping all items purchased through dna 11 are made pursuant to a shipment contract. title and risk of loss for all products ordered by you shall pass to you on dna 11’s shipment to the shipping carrier. we reserve the right to ship partial orders (at no additional cost to you). 10. privacy policy your privacy is very important to dna 11. users of this site should refer to our privacy policy for information about how dna 11 collects and uses personal information. by accepting this agreement you expressly consent to dna 11's disclosure and use of your personal information (including using email to communicate with you) as described in the privacy policy, which is incorporated herein by reference. 11. proprietary rights you acknowledge and agree that any content, including but not limited to text, data, photos, graphics, etc. or other material contained or distributed on or through the site, by dna 11, its advertisers or other third parties, is protected by trademarks, service marks, patents, copyrights, or other proprietary rights and laws. you may not use or distribute any content received through the site without the authorization of the content owner, except for uses permitted by law. you agree not to publish, reproduce, copy, in whole or in part, nor upload, download, post, email, sell, or otherwise distribute content available through the site including code and software, in violation of applicable copyright and other intellectual property laws. you will retain ownership of the content you upload to dna 11. you acknowledge and agree that the site and any software used in connection with the site ("software") contains proprietary and confidential information that is protected by applicable intellectual property and other laws. you agree not to modify, rent, lease, loan, sell, distribute or create derivative works based on the site or the software, in whole or in part. all brand, product and service names used in this site which identify dna 11 or third parties and their products are proprietary marks of dna 11, inc. and/or the relevant third parties. nothing in this service shall be deemed to confer on any person any license or right on the part of dna 11 or any third party with respect to any such image, logo or name. you shall not make any use of any dna 11 trademarks, logos, or trade dress without prior express and written approval by dna 11. 15. indemnity you agree to defend, indemnify and hold dna 11 and dna 11's officers, directors, employees, agents and licensors harmless from all judgments, awards, losses, liabilities, costs and expenses, including but not limited to reasonable attorney's fees, expert witness fees, and costs of litigation arising out of or based on (a) content you submit, post to or transmit through the site, (b) your use of the site, (c) your connection to the site, (d) your violation of these terms or (e) your violation of any rights of a third party. 16. no resale you agree not to reproduce, duplicate, copy, sell, resell or exploit for any commercial purposes, any portion of the site, use of the site or access to the site without dna 11 's express written consent. 17. termination you agree that dna 11, in its sole discretion, may terminate your password, account (or any part thereof) or use of the site, and remove and discard any content you may have contributed to the site, at any time for any reason or no reason. dna 11 may also in its sole discretion and at any time discontinue providing the site, or any part thereof, with or without notice. you agree that any termination of your access to the site under any provision of these terms of use may be effected without prior notice, and acknowledge and agree that dna 11 may immediately deactivate or delete your account and all related information and files in your account and/or bar any further access to such files of the site. further, you agree that dna 11 shall not be liable to you or any third-party for any termination of your access to the site. should you object to any terms or conditions or become dissatisfied with the site in any way, your only recourse is to immediately discontinue your use of the site and/or terminate your account. 18. links the site may provide, or third parties may provide, links to other websites or resources. because dna 11 has no control of such sites and resources, you acknowledge and agree that dna 11 is not responsible for the availability of such sites or resources, and does not endorse and is not responsible or liable for any content, advertising, products or other materials on or available from such sites or resources. you further acknowledge and agree that dna 11 shall not be responsible or liable, directly or indirectly, for any damage or loss caused or alleged to be caused by or in connection with use of or reliance on any such content, goods or services available on or through any such site or resource. 19. public reputation you acknowledge and agree that you will not use any product ordered from dna11.com in a way that would be damaging to dna 11's public reputation or that of its employees, shareholders, licensors, or solution partners. additionally, you acknowledge that if you choose to display any product ordered from dna 11 in a public setting, including on the internet, in a way which disparages dna 11, employees, shareholders or partners, 20. disclaimer of warranties you understand and agree that your use of the site is at your sole risk. this site and the information, services, products, and materials available through it are provided on an "as is" and "as available" basis. to the fullest extent permissible pursuant to applicable law, dna 11 and its affiliates expressly disclaim all warranties of any kind whether express or implied, including but not limited to any warranties of title, or implied warranties of merchantability, fitness for a particular purpose and non-infringement. dna 11 does not make any warranty that (a) the site or its content will meet your requirements, or (b) that the site or service will be uninterrupted, timely, secure, or error free, or (c) the quality of any products, services, information, or other material purchased or obtained by you through the site will meet your expectations, or (d) that defects, if any, will be corrected. you agree that dna 11 shall have no responsibility for any damages suffered by you in connection with the site or any content contained therein including but not limited to loss of data from delays, nondeliveries of content or email, errors, system down time, misdeliveries of content or email, network or system outages, file corruption, or service interruptions caused by the negligence of dna 11, its affiliates, its licensors, or a user's own errors and/or omissions. you expressly agree that use of this service, including all content, data or software distributed by, downloaded or accessed from or through this site, is at your sole risk. you understand and agree that you will be solely responsible for any damage to your business, your computer system or loss of data that results from the download of such content, data and/or software. you acknowledge that dna 11 does not control in any respect any information, products, or services offered by third parties on or through this service. except as otherwise agreed in writing, dna 11 and its affiliates assume no responsibility for and make no warranty or representation as to the accuracy, currency, completeness, reliability or usefulness of content or products distributed or made available by third parties through this site. you acknowledge that dna 11 makes no warranty or representation that confidentiality of information transmitted through this site will be maintained. no advice or information, whether oral or written, obtained by you from dna 11 or through or from the site shall create any warranty not expressly stated in the agreement. 21. limitation of liability you expressly understand and agree that under no circumstances including, without limitation, its own negligence, shall dna 11 or its parents, subsidiaries, officers, employees, affiliates, directors, agents, suppliers, or any other party involved in creating, producing, transmitting, or distributing dna 11 or related services be liable for any direct, indirect, incidental, special, consequential or exemplary damages, including but not limited to damages for loss of profits, goodwill, use, data or other intangible losses (even if dna 11 has been advised of the possibility of such damages), resulting from: (a) the use or inability to use the site; (b) the cost of procurement of substitute goods and services resulting from any goods, data, information or services purchased or obtained or messages received or transactions entered into through or from the site; (c) unauthorized access to or alteration of your transmissions or data; (d) statements or conduct of any third party on the site or (e) any other matter relating to the site. you are solely responsible for creating back-ups of your content. some jurisdictions do not allow the limitation or exclusion of liability for incidental or consequential damages, so some of the above may not apply to you. in such jurisdictions, liability is limited to the fullest extent permitted by law. 22. severability if any provision of these terms of use is invalid, illegal or unenforceable under any applicable statute or rule of law, such provision shall be deemed amended to achieve as nearly as possible the same intent as the original provision and the remaining provisions of this agreement shall in no way be affected or impaired. 23. arbitration these terms shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the province of ontario, without resort to its conflict of law provisions. any dispute with regard to this agreement shall be submitted to one arbitrator for arbitration in ottawa, canada. the award rendered by the arbitrator shall be binding as between the parties and judgment on such award shall be entered in any court having jurisdiction thereof. the arbitrator may award attorney's fees and costs to the prevailing party. 24. general no agency, partnership, joint venture, employee-employer or franchisor-franchisee relationship is intended or created by these terms. dna 11 may assign its rights and responsibilities hereunder without notice to you. the failure of a party to exercise or enforce any right or provision of these terms will not constitute a waiver of the right or provision. dna 11's failure to act with respect to a breach by you or others does not waive dna 11's right to act with respect to subsequent or similar breaches. if any provision of these terms is invalid, illegal or unenforceable under any applicable statute or rule of law, such provision shall be deemed amended to achieve as nearly as possible the same economic effect as the original provision and the remaining provisions of these terms shall in no way be affected or impaired. these terms constitutes the entire agreement between you and dna 11, and supersedes all other communications, written or oral, with regard to the services provided by dna 11. company about us press room dna art blog gallery partner with us products dna portraits™ fingerprint portraits™ kiss portraits™ gift certificates satisfaction guarantee privacy guarantee looking for canvas prints? gift solutions unique wedding gifts help help shipping costs & times contact us check order status privacy policy terms of service live help stay connected facebook pinterest twitter google+ flickr region: united states | $ united states dollar © 2005-2023 dna11. all rights reserved. privacy policy terms of service × × ×