来源URL: https://web.archive.org/web/20131231123307/http://www.allsaints.com/terms_and_conditions/
================================================================================

customer information | terms and conditions | allsaints welcome to allsaints we've noticed you're shopping from the us - please head to our us site where you can:shop in us dollarsbenefit from faster deliverytake advantage of free returnsif you believe you have received this message in error, please contact us on 1-877-840-1294 where one of our customer experience advisors will be happy to help. not in the us? click here for uk/eu site. continue to us menu allsaints login store locator search no stores near you map list 0 mile covent garden open 9am-8pm today t / + 0 mile covent garden open 9am-8pm today t / + 0 mile covent garden open 9am-8pm today t / + shop women new arrivals best sellers dresses coats leather jackets jackets knitwear tops t-shirts denim trousers & leggings skirts & shorts boots & shoes accessories shop men new arrivals best sellers leather jackets coats jackets knitwear shirts t-shirts & polos sweatshirts denim trousers boots & shoes accessories party partywear for her partywear for him film music not for sale store finder gift cards delivery returns size guide customer experience faqs join our team subscribe change language site map terms and conditions privacy & security bag account enter promotional code here sorry, this promotion code is no longer valid. could not remove promotion apply promotion applied: remove promotion shipping delivery calculator country please select delivery country united kingdom united states japan ireland afghanistan albania algeria american samoa andorra angola anguilla antarctica antigua and barbuda argentina armenia aruba australia austria azerbaijan bahamas bahrain bangladesh barbados belarus belgium belize benin bermuda bhutan bolivia bosnia and herzegovina botswana bouvet island brazil british indian ocean territory brunei bulgaria burkina faso burundi cambodia cameroon canada cape verde cayman islands central african republic chad chile china christmas island cocos (keeling) islands colombia comoros congo, democratic republic of cook islands costa rica cote d'ivoire croatia cuba cyprus czech republic denmark djibouti dominica dominican republic east timor ecuador egypt el salvador equatorial guinea eritrea estonia ethiopia falkland islands faroe islands fiji finland france french guyana french polynesia french southern territories gabon gambia georgia germany ghana gibraltar greece greenland grenada guadeloupe guam guatemala guinea-bissau guinea guyana haiti heard island and mcdonald islands honduras hong kong hungary iceland india indonesia iran iraq israel italy jamaica jordan kazakhstan kenya kiribati north korea south korea kuwait kyrgyzstan laos latvia lebanon lesotho liberia libya liechtenstein lithuania luxembourg macau macedonia madagascar malawi malaysia maldives mali malta marshall islands martinique mauritania mauritius mayotte mexico federated states of micronesia moldova monaco mongolia montserrat morocco mozambique myanmar namibia nauru nepal netherlands antilles netherlands new caledonia new zealand nicaragua nigeria niger niue norfolk island northern mariana islands norway oman pakistan palau panama papua new guinea paraguay peru philippines pitcairn poland portugal puerto rico qatar reunion romania russia rwanda st. helena st. kitts and nevis st. lucia st. pierre and miquelon st. vincent and the grenadines samoa san marino sao tome and principe saudi arabia senegal seychelles sierra leone singapore slovakia slovenia solomon islands somalia south africa spain sri lanka sudan suriname svalbard and jan mayen islands swaziland sweden switzerland syria taiwan tajikistan tanzania thailand togo tokelau tonga trinidad and tobago tunisia turkey turkmenistan turks and caicos islands tuvalu uganda ukraine united arab emirates united states minor outlying islands uruguay uzbekistan vanuatu vatican city venezuela vietnam british virgin islands u.s. virgin islands wallis and futuna islands western sahara yemen yugoslavia zambia zimbabwe congo, republic of (zaire) metropolitan france united kingdom - channel isles united kingdom - northern ireland united kingdom postcode estimated delivery total promotion/discount new total checkout login/register existing customers i am a new customer view bag (? items) bag total: checkout terms and conditions allsaints are committed to providing you with terms and conditions of sale which are easy to understand and which are fair to you. your statutory rights are not affected by anything contained in these terms and conditions. 1.0 definitions "we/us/allsaints" means all saints retail limited, the seller of the goods. "you" means the customer acting as a consumer. "courier" means any such fulfilment courier as we may choose to use. "delivery date" means the date specified by us, the seller, when the goods are to be delivered, however time is not of the essence of this contract. "goods" means the items which you agree to buy from us, the seller. 2.0 terms of sale the terms of sale shall apply to all contracts for the purchase of goods by you from us, the seller, to the exclusion of all other terms and conditions which you may purport to apply under any sales offer or purchase order. these terms of sale supersede all previous agreements and understandings between the parties. any amendment to the terms of sale will only be effective if signed by a director of all saints retail limited. allsaints are committed to providing you with terms of sale, which are easy to understand and which are fair to you. 2.1 placing an order all orders are subject to acceptance and availability. when placing an order you undertake that all details you provide to us are true and accurate, that you are an authorised user of the credit or debit card used to place your order and that there are sufficient funds to cover the cost of the goods. once you have placed an order with us, you will receive an order confirmation e-mail acknowledging receipt of your order. this email is not an acceptance of your order, just a confirmation that we have received your order. in the unlikely event that an item(s) from your order is unavailable, it will not be substituted for an alternative product and you will not be charged for the item. when placing your order we carry out a standard pre-authorization check on your payment card. payment will not be taken until your order has been accepted and the goods dispatched. we carry out security checks on all orders and may cancel your order should it fail these checks, upon which you will be notified. a contract between you and all saints retail limited will not be formed until we send you a further email confirming that your order has been accepted and your goods have been dispatched. only those goods listed in the dispatch confirmation e-mail will be included in the contract formed. we reserve the right not to accept your order in the event that the item ordered is out of stock or does not satisfy our quality control standards and is withdrawn. 2.2 cancelling an order please inform us that you wish to cancel your order by calling our customer experience team on +44 (0)844 980 2211. please refer to 2.7 refunds and exchanges for further details. 2.3 uk delivery options allsaints currently offers 3 delivery options: standard, next day and saturday delivery. standard delivery: deliveries will be made within 2 working days after placing your order. we run a monday to saturday service, delivering between the hours of 7:30am - 9pm. please note, we do not deliver on sundays or on a bank holiday. please refer to our delivery page for further details including costs. next day delivery: we aim to deliver all uk mainland, channel islands & northern ireland packages ordered before 9pm on a friday the following day. orders placed after 9pm on friday or on a saturday will be delivered on monday. orders placed after this time up until 9pm on monday will be delivered on tuesday. saturday delivery: we aim to deliver all uk mainland orders on saturday between 7:30am - 9pm. orders placed after 9pm on friday will be held and delivered the following saturday. the cost of delivery will be as stated on the website at the time of order. we ship all uk orders via yodel and operate a monday to saturday 7:30am - 9pm service for both our standard and premium services. a specific time slot cannot be specified with any of our delivery options. we operate a 'leave with neighbour' service with our domestic carrier (yodel). if no-one is available to sign for the order at the delivery address, yodel will leave with an immediate neighbour, obtain a signature and leave a card at the delivery address. we are unable to guarantee orders will be received within 2-4 to the following postcodes and may take up to an additional 4 working days to the above times: ab, bfpo 01, bfpo 999, bt1-99, dd8-11, gy1-99, hs1-99, im1-99, iv1-32, iv36-56, je1-99, ka27-28, kw1-17, pa20-49, pa60-78, pa80, ph19-26, ph3044, ph49-50, tr21-25, ze1-99. please note, during our seasonal sales and periods of promotional activity, along with circumstances beyond our control, such as adverse weather, processing may take longer and certain services may be removed. our standard refunds and exchange policy applies. 2.4 european & international delivery european countries shipping to the following european countries is free and can take up to 3-5 working days. austria, belgium, bulgaria, croatia, cyprus, czech republic, denmark, estonia, finland, france, germany, greece, hungary, ireland, italy, latvia, lithuania, luxembourg, malta, monaco, netherlands, norway, poland, portugal, romania, slovakia, slovenia, spain, sweden, switzerland, ukraine. international countries shipping to the following international countries is £18.95/£21.95. and can take up to 5-7 days. please note, if over £250 is spent onsite - international shipping is free. argentina, australia, bahamas, canada, china, egypt, hong kong, iceland, india, israel, japan, mauritius, mexico, new zealand, qatar, south africa, south korea, taiwan, turkey, united states, uae. 2.5 signing for your order all orders are security sealed before leaving our distribution centre and under no circumstances should packages be signed for if these seals are broken or the packaging is damaged upon arrival. should this occur, please contact our customer services team on 0844 980 2211 as soon as possible. 2.6 customs & duty please note, if you request delivery outside of the eu, you will be responsible for any import duties, clearance fees or brokerage fees including any other additional charges. we operate on a ddu (delivered duty unpaid) basis. this is managed by ups and dpd on a 'pay on delivery' basis. sometimes goods may be subject to delays, due to customs or weather. the customer is responsible for providing any information required by customs to ensure the goods are cleared. we recommend you contact your local customs authority to determine a landed cost price prior to purchase completion. 2.7 refunds & exchanges we offer a full refund on all online purchases returned in the condition in which they were sold within 14 days, and offer an exchange on all garments returned within 28 days. to exercise your cancellation rights, you must notify us within 7 working days from the day after you received your order. your statutory rights are not affected. please note, we can only exchange the same items for a different colour or size. if a different item is required a separate order will have to be made, and the original order processed accordingly. you should return your items via a secure and insured delivery service (such as royal mail special delivery), as allsaints cannot accept responsibility for goods not received. a proof of signature is required to confirm receipt. we recommend you keep your tracking number until your refund or exchange has been processed. please note, all return postage costs are the responsibility of the customer if the customer does not use the return service we may provide from time to time. we will refund postage for any faulty items returned to us, however we cannot accept liability for an item until it has been returned to us and has been confirmed as faulty. for hygiene reasons please exercise care by not removing hygiene seals when examining goods. in the interests of hygiene we will not be able to accept returns of underwear, swimwear or earrings unless the hygiene seals are intact or they were delivered in an unsatisfactory condition. please take reasonable care when opening original packaging and, where possible, ensure it is returned along with the goods. all footwear should be tried on with reasonable care being exercised. returns for unwanted items will only be accepted if footwear is in a resalable condition. we would ask that you exercise care when examining your goods and return all footwear to us along with original packaging (including shoe box), where possible, to receive a refund or exchange. any protective casing received with your goods, such as sunglasses cases, protective coverings, bags and boxes should be returned along with your items, where possible, in order to receive a refund or exchange. returns are usually processed within 48 hours of receipt. however, during our seasonal sales and periods of promotional activity processing may take longer. outside the eu, customs duties and sales taxes are non-refundable through allsaints; however, you may be able to recover these by contacting your local customs bureau directly. exchanges made to destinations outside of the eu will be subject to the same customs procedures, therefore applicable for duty and tax again. allsaints cannot accept responsibility for items not received. for details on how to return an order, please visit our returns page. 2.8 gift cards allsaints standalone stores issue gift cards in gbp, euros and usd dependent upon which country the gift card was purchased and the local currency of that country. gift card values cannot be transferred into different currencies and purchases in a currency different than the currency of the gift card is not available at this time. gift cards cannot be purchased or redeemed within an allsaints concession store. gift cards are not redeemable for cash unless otherwise required by applicable law. gift cards cannot be used as payment towards an allsaints mastercard account balance. when products are returned, your original gift card will be credited. there is an expiry time of 24 calendar months after the last use on all gift cards. gift cards presented after their expiry date will be treated as void and are non-refundable and non-exchangeable. only gift cards where the currency is great british pounds (gbp) or euro (eur) can be used on our uk website. only gift cards where the currency is u.s. dollars (usd) can be used on our u.s. website. allsaints reserves the right to refuse to accept a gift card which they deem to have been tampered with, duplicated, damaged or which otherwise is suspected to be fraudulently reproduced. gift cards cannot be bought with another gift card. use of the gift card constitutes acceptance of its terms and conditions. if you have any questions about gift cards please contact our customer services team on 0844 980 2211. 2.9 pre - order items we will endeavour to deliver any items, which have been pre-ordered as soon as they become available from the manufacturer. on placing an order for a pre-order item, we will email you with an anticipated delivery date; however this may be subject to change due to circumstances out of our control. we will keep you updated on any changes to the delivery date and you can request a refund at any time up until the point of dispatch at which our standard returns policy will apply. if you have ordered several pre-order items at one time, we may deliver such items on different days at no additional cost to you. 2.10 pricing & promotions as a uk based company allsaints retail ltd charge uk vat on all orders placed on allsaints.com, both within the european union and internationally. unfortunately, we cannot advise you in advance of reduced priced items or reimburse you the difference after your order has been accepted. please note, promotional codes cannot be used in conjunction with any other offer or promotion. 3.0 disputes in the unlikely event that there is a dispute in relation to the goods supplied, any dispute or claim shall be governed and construed according to english law and shall be subject to the exclusive jurisdiction of the english courts. if any provision of these terms & conditions is held by any court or other authority to be invalid or unenforceable in whole or in part, then the validity of the rest of these terms & conditions and the remainder of the provision in question shall not be affected thereby. 4.0 product authenticity allsaints retail limited does not trade via ebay or any other auction website. we are not able to verify the authenticity or quality of any item sold on such a site under the allsaints brand name. 5.0 data protection and privacy policy by using this website, you consent to us: a)	passing your delivery address and telephone number to our courier in case they need to contact you directly if there is a problem with your delivery. b) contacting you by email or telephone in relation to you having placed an order or made an enquiry. credit card and debit card details are checked and verified by a third party. to ensure that your credit, debit or charge card is not being used without your consent, we will validate name, address and other personal information supplied by you during the order process against appropriate third party databases. by accepting these terms and conditions you consent to such checks being made. in performing these checks personal information provided by you may be disclosed to a registered credit reference agency, which may keep a record of that information. you can rest assured that this is done only to confirm your identity, that a credit check is not performed and that your credit rating will be unaffected. all information provided by you will be treated securely and strictly in accordance with the data protection act 1998. we may use information concerning you for payment recovery or to investigate any possible fraud in the event that credit or debit card payments have been used in a fraudulent manner. please note, we may be required to disclose information concerning you if requested to do so by law. all card data you choose to save within your account for future purchases with us here at allsaints is stored securely and within level 1 pci compliant data centres. 6.0 prohibitions you must not misuse this website. you will not: commit or encourage a criminal offence; transmit or distribute a virus or post any other material which is malicious, technologically harmful, in breach of confidence or in any way offensive or obscene; hack into any aspect of it; corrupt data; cause annoyance to other users; infringe upon the rights of any other person's proprietary rights; send any unsolicited advertising or promotional material, or attempt to affect the performance or functionality of any computer facilities of or accessed through this website. breaching this provision would constitute a criminal offence under the computer misuse act 1990. we will not be liable for any loss or damage caused by a distributed denial-of-service attack, viruses or other technologically harmful material that may infect your computer equipment, computer programs, data or other proprietary material due to your use of this website or to your downloading of any material posted on it, or on any website linked to it. allsaints reserves the rights to take any customer account out of use at any time if it is believed that the website and the products and services available through it are being misused. 7.0 online security prevention allsaints retail ltd takes online fraud prevention very seriously and in doing so performs random security checks on all online purchases to protect our genuine customers from online identity theft. in assessing your request for goods or services, we may use your information for the purposes of the prevention and detection of fraud. one of the purposes for which we may disclose your address and postcode details is to check against our address verification process. all allsaints online customers may be subject to random security checks. the checks must be complete before we can dispatch your items to you. in the event that any of your security validation may be incorrect during any random security checks then allsaints may require additional identification to verify your account. the identification we accept is a valid driver?s license or a valid passport only. if you do choose to proceed with any of our online security checks, all information you give will be confidential and any identification received will be destroyed immediately in accordance with pci compliance. 8.0 accessibility we are forever trying to improve the accessibility of our site to provide a website that?s available to the widest possible audience by constantly improving usability. the site displays correctly in current web browsers. if you view our site on an older browser, you may find pages don't display as intended. we recommend you upgrade your browser to the latest version of one of the following, to get the most from our site. microsoft internet explorer: www.microsoft.com mozilla firefox: www.mozilla.com if you are having trouble viewing any of our videos please ensure that you have the latest abode flash player installed on your computer. 9.0 allsaints pinterest competition terms and conditions the competition is run by allsaints retail ltd whose registered address is units c15 - c17 jacks place, 6 corbet place, london, e1 6nn ("allsaints"). the competition, and all use of allsaints? website http://www.allsaints.com/ (the "website"), is governed by these terms & conditions. by entering the competition, you agree to these terms and conditions. how to enter entrants must follow allsaints on pinterest at pinterest.com/allsaintsshop and then create a pinterest board showing their perfect night out this season. entrants should include inspirational images and also 5 x items to make up an outfit from http://www.allsaints.com/. all boards must include the hashtag #allsaintsnight. boards can include no more than one of each of the following products: outerwear, leather and footwear. no purchase is necessary. entrants must then tweet @allsaints_ with the url of their pinterest board, to be in with the chance of winning the 5 x selected items featured on their board. allsaints does not accept responsibility for network, computer, hardware or software failures of any kind, which may restrict or delay the sending or receipt of your entry. entries must not be sent in through agents or third parties. late, incomplete, illegible or defaced entries, and entries which do not satisfy the requirements of these terms and conditions, will be disqualified and will not be counted. in the event of a dispute in connection with the identity of the individual who submitted an online entry, the entry will be deemed to have been submitted by the authorized account holder of the pinterest account the board is from. all entries must be your own work and must not have been published elsewhere or have won a prize in any other similar competition. it is your responsibility to ensure that any entry does not infringe the intellectual property rights or other rights of any third party, pinterest terms and conditions or any laws. you warrant that the entry is your own work and that you own the intellectual property rights in it. when to enter and who can enter the competition opens at 12:00:00 gmt on wednesday 11th december 2013 and closes at 23:59:00 gmt on friday 27th december 2013. entrants can enter at any point between these dates. entrants can enter the competition as many times as they like. the competition is only open to residents of the u.s., canada, uk, korea, republic of ireland, france, germany and the netherlands aged 18 or over, excluding employees and agents of allsaints and anyone professionally connected with the administration of the competition. void where prohibited. prize the winning entry will be that which, in the sole opinion of allsaints, is its favourite entry the prize will be the five allsaints products featured on the winning entry, to include no more than one of each of the following items: outerwear, leather and footwear the prize is as stated and cannot be sold or exchanged for cash, goods or services. unless specifically agreed in writing by allsaints, the prize is not transferable and must be taken by the winner in person. the winner will be notified via a direct message from @allsaints on twitter by no later than 14 days after the closing date. if a potential winner cannot be contacted, does not respond within seven (7) days from the date allsaints first tried to contact him/her, and/or the prize or prize notification is returned as undeliverable, such potential winner forfeits all rights to win the promotion or receive the prize, and an alternate winner will be selected. data protection and publicity allsaints reserves the right to use the voice, image, photograph, name and likeness of the winners for publicity and in advertising, marketing or promotional material without additional compensation or prior notice to the winners. in entering the competition, all participants consent to such use of their voice, image, photograph, name and likeness. any personal data relating to participants will be used solely in accordance with current uk data protection legislation. by entering the competition, you agree that allsaints may contact you in relation to the competition. please see allsaints? privacy policy on http://www.allsaints.com/ for further details. data relating to all participants will be retained by allsaints for a reasonable period after the competition closes to assist allsaints in running the competition fairly and to deal with any queries regarding the competition and/or prizes. competition winners will be contacted by allsaints. you must provide accurate contact details on notification. on being contacted, winners may be asked to provide evidence of their age. competition rules the competition will be run and prizes will be awarded at allsaints? sole discretion. allsaints? decision is final and no correspondence will be entered into. we reserve the right to suspend or terminate your access to allsaints? website and services, and to refuse entry into the competition. we reserve the right to change the competition rules and these terms and conditions from time to time. if we do so, we will always have the most up to date terms and conditions on the website and in the case of a discrepancy between these terms and conditions and those on the website, the website terms and conditions will apply. your continued use of the website will constitute your acceptance of the new rules and/or terms and conditions. liability and indemnities except in the case of death or personal injury arising from its negligence, or in respect of fraud, and so far as is permitted by law, allsaints and its associated companies and agents and distributors exclude responsibility and all liabilities, whether direct or indirect, arising from: any postponement or cancellation of the competition; any changes to, supply of (including, without limitation, prizes which do not reach the intended recipient) or use of the prize; and any act or default of any supplier, which are beyond allsaints? reasonable control. allsaints does not accept responsibility for any liability arising from technical incompatibility, problems relating to the internet, or technical difficulties of any kind. allsaints shall not be liable, whether in tort, contract, misrepresentation or otherwise for loss of profits, loss of anticipated savings, loss of goods, loss of use, loss or corruption of data or information, or any special, indirect, consequential or pure economic loss, costs, damages, charges or expenses. you agree to indemnify allsaints against all liabilities, claims and expenses that may arise from any breach of your agreement with allsaints. jurisdiction the competition and these terms and conditions are governed by english law. england & wales shall have exclusive jurisdiction to settle any dispute or claim that arises out of or in connection with these terms and conditions. © allsaints 2013