来源URL: https://web.archive.org/web/20141230062104/http://www.allsaints.com/shipping/
================================================================================

allsaints : shipping and delivery information we use cookies on the allsaints website to ensure you have the best possible shopping experience.by continuing to browse the site we'll assume you're happy to receive cookies. for more information, please click here welcome to allsaints we've noticed you're shopping from the us - please head to our us site where you can:shop in us dollarsbenefit from faster deliverytake advantage of free returnsif you believe you have received this message in error, please contact us on 1-877-840-1294 where one of our customer experience advisors will be happy to help. not in the us? click here for uk/eu site. continue to us menu allsaints store finder customer experience contact us newsletters faqs delivery & returns size guide sign in store locator search no stores near you map list 0 mile covent garden open 9am-8pm today t / + 0 mile covent garden open 9am-8pm today t / + 0 mile covent garden open 9am-8pm today t / + shop women new arrivals best sellers coats & jackets leather jackets knitwear dresses tops t-shirts denim trousers & leggings skirts boots & shoes handbags accessories gifts for her shop men new arrivals best sellers coats leather jackets jackets knitwear sweatshirts shirts t-shirts polos trousers & shorts denim boots & shoes accessories gifts for him sale women men women's lookbooks january christmas november october september august autumn collection men's lookbooks january christmas november october september august autumn collection gift cards the handbag the biker portraits allsaints studios store finder change language talent@allsaints site map terms and conditions privacy policy bag account enter promotional code here sorry, these items are not available for this promotion. could not remove promotion apply promotion applied: remove promotion shipping delivery calculator country please select delivery country united kingdom united states japan ireland afghanistan albania algeria american samoa andorra angola anguilla antarctica antigua and barbuda argentina armenia aruba australia austria azerbaijan bahamas bahrain bangladesh barbados belarus belgium belize benin bermuda bhutan bolivia bosnia and herzegovina botswana bouvet island brazil british indian ocean territory brunei bulgaria burkina faso burundi cambodia cameroon canada cape verde cayman islands central african republic chad chile china christmas island cocos (keeling) islands columbia comoros congo, democratic republic of cook islands costa rica cote d'ivoire croatia cuba cyprus czech republic denmark djibouti dominica dominican republic east timor ecuador egypt el salvador equatorial guinea eritrea estonia ethiopia falkland islands faroe islands fiji finland france french guyana french polynesia french southern territories gabon gambia georgia germany ghana gibraltar greece greenland grenada guadeloupe guam guatemala guinea-bissau guinea guyana haiti heard island and mcdonald islands honduras hong kong hungary iceland india indonesia iran iraq israel italy jamaica jordan kazakhstan kenya kiribati north korea south korea kuwait kyrgyzstan laos latvia lebanon lesotho liberia libya liechtenstein lithuania luxembourg macau macedonia madagascar malawi malaysia maldives mali malta marshall islands martinique mauritania mauritius mayotte mexico federated states of micronesia moldova monaco mongolia montserrat morocco mozambique myanmar namibia nauru nepal netherlands antilles netherlands new caledonia new zealand nicaragua nigeria niger niue norfolk island northern mariana islands norway oman pakistan palau panama papua new guinea paraguay peru philippines pitcairn poland portugal puerto rico qatar reunion romania russia rwanda st. helena st. kitts and nevis st. lucia st. pierre and miquelon st. vincent and the grenadines samoa san marino sao tome and principe saudi arabia senegal seychelles sierra leone singapore slovakia slovenia solomon islands somalia south africa spain sri lanka sudan suriname svalbard and jan mayen islands swaziland sweden switzerland syria taiwan tajikistan tanzania thailand togo tokelau tonga trinidad and tobago tunisia turkey turkmenistan turks and caicos islands tuvalu uganda ukraine united arab emirates united states minor outlying islands uruguay uzbekistan vanuatu vatican city venezuela vietnam british virgin islands u.s. virgin islands wallis and futuna islands western sahara yemen zambia zimbabwe congo, republic of (zaire) metropolitan france united kingdom - channel isles united kingdom - northern ireland united kingdom serbia montenegro postcode estimated delivery total promotion/discount new total checkout login/register existing customers i am a new customer view bag (? items) bag total: checkout delivery between the 29th and 31st january 2015 we will be suspending our premium delivery services. standard delivery will be used to ship all orders during this period. uk next day delivery between the 29th and 31st january we will be suspending our premium delivery services. standard delivery will be used to ship all orders during this period. next day delivery is free on all uk orders over £100. all orders arrive anytime between 730am and 9pm, and require a signature upon delivery. if you place your order before 9pm, monday to friday, you'll receive your order the next day. if you place your order after 9pm on friday and before 4pm on saturday, you'll receive your order the following monday. if you place your order after 4pm on saturday and before 9pm on monday, you'll receive your order on tuesday. if your delivery date falls on a public holiday your order will be delivered on the next working day. uk standard delivery standard delivery in the uk is free, and you'll receive your delivery within 2 working days. uk saturday delivery between the 29th and 31st january we will be suspending our premium delivery services. standard delivery will be used to ship all orders during this period. saturday delivery in the uk is free on all orders over £100. to qualify for saturday delivery, place your order before 9pm on friday. our uk courier yodel carries our uk deliveries, and you'll receive a tracking number once your order leaves our distribution centre for use on www.myyodel.co.uk next day and saturday delivery do not apply to the following postcodes, and delivery may take up to 4 working days: ab, bfpo 01, bfpo 999, bt1-99, dd8-11, gy1-99, hs1-99, im1-99, iv1-32, iv36-56, je1-99, ka27-28, kw1-17, pa20-49, pa60-78, pa80, ph19-26, ph30-44, ph49-50, tr21-25, ze1-99. delivery to europe standard delivery is free to the following european countries: austria, belgium, bulgaria, cyprus, czech republic, denmark, estonia, finland, france, germany, greece, hungary, ireland, italy, latvia, lithuania, luxembourg, malta, netherlands, poland, portugal, romania, slovakia, slovenia, spain, sweden, switzerland. dpd carries our european deliveries, and you'll receive a tracking number once your order leaves our distribution centre for use on the dpd website. deliveries arrive between 9am and 5pm, 3 and 5 days after placing your order. working days do not include weekends or bank holidays. international shipping international shipping to the following countries is £18.95, and free on all orders over £250: afghanistan, argentina, aruba, australia, bahamas, bahrain, barbados, canada, chile, china, colombia, egypt, faroe islands, gibraltar, hong kong, india, indonesia, israel, japan, kuwait, malaysia, martinique, mauritius, mexico, morocco, new zealand, qatar, russia, saudi arabia, singapore, south africa, south korea, taiwan, thailand, tunisia, united arab emirates, united states, vietnam. ups carries our international deliveries, and you'll receive a tracking number once your order leaves our distribution centre for use on the ups website. deliveries arrive between 5 and 7 working days, and working days do not include weekends or bank holidays. customs and duties any outstanding import duties, clearance or brokerage fees, and any other additional charges must be paid on delivery on your order. please contact your local customs authority for more information. a signature on delivery a signature is required for all deliveries. if you're unavailable, a card will be left with rearrangement details. we are unable to ship to amazon lockers. returns we're sure you'll be happy with your allsaints purchase, but we all change our minds. if you do, please read through the information below. as always, our customer experience team are only a phone call or a tweet away: +44 (0)344 980 2211 @askallsaints how do returns, refunds and exchanges work? all uk returns and exchanges are free. send back your item within 14 days for a full refund. if we receive your item after 14 days, you'll receive a gift card, valid for 6 months for use in-store or online. if payment was made with a gift card and credit card, we'll credit the gift card first. send back your item within 28 days to exchange the size or colour. items received after 28 days will be sent back to you. how do i return my online purchase? just send it back to our warehouse. please fill out the returns form and sticky label we sent with your package, and send to our warehouse. if you didn't receive a returns form, log into 'my account', go to 'my orders' and select 'reprint free returns label'. if you didn't set up an account, the temporary account details we emailed when you placed your order will provide access. what postal address should i return my items to? whether you're in the uk, the eu or abroad please send the item(s) you would like to return or exchange to: allsaints website returns unit 6, new hythe business park bellingham way larkfield, aylesford me20 6sq united kingdom for security reasons, we are unable to accept hand-carried returns to our warehouse. i need to send back the underwear, jewellery or swimwear that i ordered... to return swimwear, please do not remove the original wrapping. we are unable to offer returns or exchanges on underwear and jewellery. what if i live in the eu or further afield? postage won't be free, but it's pretty straightforward. please log in to 'my account', go to 'your orders' and select the relevant order number. if you didn’t set up an allsaints account the guest log in details we emailed when you placed your order will provide access. please note that the free return label attached is for our customers based within the uk for use with the royal mail postal service only. to return an order from outside of the uk we advise you to use a tracked service to ensure your parcel reaches us safely and be sure to include the return form with your request clearly marked. if the item you purchased is in an unsatisfactory condition, please send it back to our distribution centre, where it will be assessed by our returns team and a postage refund issued where possible. how long will it take for my return, refund or exchange to be processed? uk returns made using the royal mail free post service may take 2-3 working days to be delivered and take a further 48 hours for us to process your request. can i return an item purchased online to one of your stores? items purchased online at allsaints.com can be exchanged for items of the same value or higher at any standalone store which trades in the same currency. bring your receipt and unworn item back within 28 days and we will happily help you find you something else. unfortunately we cannot offer a refund for purchases made at allsaints.com. once the exchange is processed, you fall under the store's return policy. online items received faulty cannot be refunded in our stores. please send these back to our distribution centre using our free uk returns service. for full details, refer to our returns page. what is your return policy for items in allsaints stores? we now offer a full refund on all items purchased in an allsaints standalone store when returned within 14 days of purchase. bring your receipt and unworn item back within 14 days and we will happily help you find you something else, give you a gift card or refund. unfortunately we cannot offer a refund for purchases made at allsaints.com. please note that any items bought in a sale may be exchanged within 14 days of purchase at any standalone store but cannot be refunded. items purchased at an allsaints store, or online at allsaints.com, can be exchanged at any standalone store which trades in the same currency. purchases made in department store concessions should to be returned in accordance with the department store's own return policy. your statutory rights are not affected. what are distance selling regulations, and how do they apply to me? the distance selling regulations are in place to protect the rights of our friends in the eu. you have 7 working days from the moment you placed your order to cancel it. email the customer experience team with your order number, and we'll take it from there. ^ back to top need help or style advice? contact customer experience we are here 24/7 delivery & returns size guide faqs newsletters talent@allsaints © allsaints 2015