来源URL: https://web.archive.org/web/20171228051622/https://www.allsaints.com/help-and-support/shipping-and-faqs/
================================================================================

allsaints uk: faqs and delivery & returns information. welcome £ english € deutsch € français € español € italiano € english (eu) € english (ie) $ english $ español c$ english ₩ 한국어 ¥ 日本 free delivery on all uk orders over £150 & free uk returns store finder my wishlist sign in by using this site you agree to our cookie policy. women's autumn 17 new arrivals sale best sellers gift cards the lookbook #allsaints all clothing dresses leather jackets knitwear coats handbags sweatshirts jackets t-shirts jeans shirts tops tailoring bomber jackets trousers & leggings skirts shorts swimwear shoes & boots accessories leather jackets all leathers the balfern oversized shearling bikers bomber jackets dresses all dresses occasion printed jersey silk day handbags all handbags tote bags backpacks shoulder bags bucket bags crossbody bags jeans all jeans shaping skinny distressed high waisted cropped boyfriend men's autumn 17 new arrivals sale nothing really happens best sellers ramskull gift cards the lookbook #allsaints all clothing leather jackets knitwear shirts coats t-shirts sweatshirts hoodies jackets polos jeans trousers chinos shorts bomber jackets tailoring shoes & boots bags accessories swimwear leather jackets all leathers bikers bomber jackets jackets blazers shirts all shirts ramskull formal casual denim check ramskull all ramskull shirts t-shirts knitwear polos sweatshirts accessories jeans all jeans skinny ripped straight the handbag autumn 17 handbag guide shop all styles tote bags backpacks shoulder bags bucket bags crossbody bags studios women's lookbook october september august july view all men's lookbook nothing really happens october september august view all la sessions madison beer billy raffoul imagine dragons kaleo all sessions collections nothing really happens london. more than ever. i love mexico city gift cards sale women's sale shop all knitwear leather jackets dresses coats & jackets t-shirts & sweatshirts shirts & tops jeans & trousers skirts & shorts handbags & accessories shoes & boots swimwear explore categories men's sale shop all shirts leather jackets t-shirts sweatshirts knitwear jackets jeans & trousers polos tailoring shoes & boots shorts & swimshorts explore categories skip to content when autocomplete results are available use up and down arrows to review and enter to select. touch device users, explore by touch or with swipe gestures. my bag0 store locator search view bag (? items) bag total: checkout you have items in your wishlist sign in log in or register to save your wishlist when autocomplete results are available use up and down arrows to review and enter to select. touch device users, explore by touch or with swipe gestures. women's autumn 17 new arrivals sale best sellers gift cards the lookbook #allsaints all clothing dresses leather jackets knitwear coats handbags sweatshirts jackets t-shirts jeans shirts tops tailoring bomber jackets trousers & leggings skirts shorts swimwear shoes & boots accessories leather jackets all leathers the balfern oversized shearling bikers bomber jackets dresses all dresses occasion printed jersey silk day handbags all handbags tote bags backpacks shoulder bags bucket bags crossbody bags jeans all jeans shaping skinny distressed high waisted cropped boyfriend men's autumn 17 new arrivals sale nothing really happens best sellers ramskull gift cards the lookbook #allsaints all clothing leather jackets knitwear shirts coats t-shirts sweatshirts hoodies jackets polos jeans trousers chinos shorts bomber jackets tailoring shoes & boots bags accessories swimwear leather jackets all leathers bikers bomber jackets jackets blazers shirts all shirts ramskull formal casual denim check ramskull all ramskull shirts t-shirts knitwear polos sweatshirts accessories jeans all jeans skinny ripped straight the handbag autumn 17 handbag guide shop all styles tote bags backpacks shoulder bags bucket bags crossbody bags studios women's lookbook october september august july view all men's lookbook nothing really happens october september august view all la sessions madison beer billy raffoul imagine dragons kaleo all sessions collections nothing really happens london. more than ever. i love mexico city gift cards sale women's sale shop all knitwear leather jackets dresses coats & jackets t-shirts & sweatshirts shirts & tops jeans & trousers skirts & shorts handbags & accessories shoes & boots swimwear explore categories men's sale shop all shirts leather jackets t-shirts sweatshirts knitwear jackets jeans & trousers polos tailoring shoes & boots shorts & swimshorts explore categories help & support contact us faqs, delivery & returns size guide site map careers change currency & language: £ english € deutsch € français € español € italiano € english (eu) € english (ie) $ english $ español c$ english ₩ 한국어 ¥ 日本 bag account sorry, there are no products available please wait add a gift card 20 40 60 80 100 add to bag promotional code: sorry, these items are not available for this promotion. you have incorrectly attempted to enter a promotional code 15 times. please try again in ten minutes. our customer experience team is available 24/7. call us on (0)344 980 2211. could not remove promotion apply promotion applied: remove promotion total new total checkout login/register existing customer i am a new customer popular questions please note our next business day delivery services will be suspended until further notice. delivery for more information, please see the full 'delivery' section below. returns for more information, please see the full 'returns & exchanges' section below. online ordering do i need an account to place an order? you’re able to set up an allsaints account or check out as a guest or amazon pay (uk, us and germany only). i've forgotten my password: click the forgotten password link under our login section to reset your password or continue shopping. i checked out as a guest, how do i track my order?: you will receive a dispatch confirmation email with the tracking number enclosed. can i place an order by telephone? yes, we use a secure pci compliant telephone system. we are able to process phone orders in the following currencies: gbp, eur, usd, and cad. can i change or cancel my order once it has been placed? you may change or cancel an order before we send you a dispatch email by contacting customer experience. if the order is dispatched please refuse the order at the point of delivery or send it back using your returns slip. do you offer a gift wrap service? our branded signature packaging is perfect if your purchase is a gift, however we do not currently offer a designated gift wrapping or gift receipt service. how do i redeem a promotional code? enter the code in the promotional code box on the payment page and click 'submit'. if the code isn’t working, place your order and contact customer experience with your order number. payments & gift cards when will i be charged? when placing your order we carry out a standard pre-authorisation check on your payment card. payment will not be taken until your order has been dispatched. what payment methods & currencies do you accept? visa, mastercard, american express, solo, delta, maestro, paypal, amazon payments and allsaints gift cards. we currently trade in gbp (£), eur (€), usd ($), won (₩) yen (y) cad ($) can i claim a tax refund on my order? tax charged on purchases made online cannot be recovered through the vat retail export scheme. however all store purchases are eligible for tax free shopping. if i paid with a gift card and credit card, which will be refunded first? the money is returned first to your gift card and then to the card as outlined in section 9.1 of our terms and conditions. i’ve been refunded but no longer have my gift card? if you no longer have the gift card you used to place the order, please contact our customer experience team. can i use multiple gift cards on an order? you’re able to use one gift card per order on our website. if you have several gift cards, contact customer experience for security purposes you must be able to provide us with the full gift card number as well as the pin number. do you personalise gift cards? we are unable to add a message to a gift card purchased online, however this is something we are working towards. why do you charge for gift card delivery? all gift cards are packaged and shipped in an allsaints on a tracked service. can i resell my gift card? allsaints gift cards cannot be exchanged or refunded for cash. we are unable to accept gift cards which have been resold. shopping with amazon what is amazon prime & the benefits? amazon prime membership entitles you to free next day delivery on allsaints.com to uk prime members on orders shipped to a uk address with no minimum spend; as well as free returns. allsaints will take care of fulfilling your order and you’ll be charged on dispatch. as a signature is required for all allsaints deliveries, we do not ship to collection points such as amazon lockers. if you're having issues logging into your amazon account, please try resetting your amazon password. allsaints and amazon gift cards cannot be redeemed when purchasing through amazon pay on allsaints.com. product & stock what is a store sourced item? a store sourced item is a product which has been fulfilled from one of our stores as no longer available at our distribution centre. store sourced items will be delivered separately within 3-5 working days, including amazon orders. please allow an additional 4 working days for international delivery. you will be advised if an item is coming from a store during the checkout process. when will an item will be back in stock? if your size is out of stock please register your interest on the product page and you’ll be contacted if we get the item back in stock via email. to check your local store availability please call customer experience or the store directly: here. where can i find size and fit information? refer to our size guide page for any size and fit information. our customer experience stylists are on hand 24/7 to offer style and fit advice and place your order by phone if you require further support. can you verify product authenticity? allsaints does not trade via ebay or any other auction website. we are not able to verify the authenticity or quality of any item sold on such a site under the allsaints brand name. how do i care for my allsaints leather garment? our leather pieces are iconic and instantly recognisable as allsaints. we do not coat our leather in plastic, and as a result the skin remains porous. this means our leather goods are not water resistant and are susceptible to absorb liquid. we recommend you avoid exposure to moisture and sunlight. this may have an adverse effect on the colour of the leather. rain, humidity, direct sunlight, oil, grease (hand cream, make-up), alcohol (perfume solvents) and other abrasive product can all cause permanent marks. we advise sourcing a leather care specialist who uses an environmentally friendly method to protect your garment. we would suggest a professional leather cleaning by such a specialist every 6-12 months. if you choose, you can apply a weather resistant product to your item, and follow the direction of the manufacturer. allsaints is not able to take any responsibility for any discolouration caused by these types of products or treatments. due to the global nature of our business we are not currently able to recommend any leather specialists in particular, or a weather resistant product. to keep your leather in the best possible condition store in a dust bag where it will be dry and well ventilated, not plastic packaging. due to the organic nature of the fabric, colour grain variations are to be expected and are a characteristic of natural leathers. variations in tone, marking and even texture should not be considered imperfections, but unique identifiers of your leather item. do you offer garment care advice for allsaints products? each garment has unique care instructions on the internal label. generally, we always advise to read and adhere to the care label and washing instructions before washing your clothes. the care label washing temperature is the highest permitted temperature. if you are unsure, always wash at a lower temperature rather than higher or hand wash. turn garment inside out before washing. our stores where’s my nearest store? you search for your closest store via our store locator. can i return a department store concession purchase to an allsaints store? all items purchased through one of our concessions would fall under the host store’s returns policy and should be returned to that store directly. do you offer click and collect? no, we are currently working towards offering this service. if you select delivery to one of our stores, we cannot accept liability for the parcel and may contact you to request an alternative address. can you transfer a product to my local store? this is not a service our network is currently able to support. however we can place an online order for home or business address delivery. why do you only display 2 of each style? to give our customers access to the full breadth of our collections we may display two of each item across our stores. can i shop tax free in your stores? you can shop tax free in any of our stores. department stores and franchises will have their own policy. resolutions who do i contact if i’m unhappy with the service i’ve received? you can contact our customer experience. we welcome all feedback and will work with you to resolve your query. who do i contact if i have an issue which allsaints are unable to resolve? the european online dispute resolution platform (insert link) provides information about alternative dispute resolution which may be of interest if there is a dispute about an online purchase which allsaints cannot resolve with our customer. for more information please contact customer experience. technical & website security i’m having trouble with your website, what do i do? clear your cookies, close your browser, reopen it and visit our site again. we also suggest that you use the latest version of your operating system provider e.g. windows, osx etc. if you’re still having problems, contact customer experience. is your website secure? all transactions are secured. the allsaints website is provided with an ssl encryption system to protect personal and payment data. please click here for more information: privacy policy ethical shopping are your products ethically sourced & manufactured? sourcing: allsaints products are made using ethical labour and materials. our vendors, suppliers and subcontractors are all obliged to sign our compliance manual based on the core conventions of the international labour organisation. the provisions of these conventions constitute the minimum and not the maximum standards all suppliers must meet in order to do business with allsaints. all animal derived products are from ethical vendors that ensure animals are treated humanely. it is our strong view and business policy that human or animal rights should never be compromised as a result of our business in any form. manufacturing: we have a code of conduct to ensure all employees that produce our products are treated ethically and fairly. we always seek to work with reputable and ethical suppliers globally and only engage vendors with transparent track records. we have established a narrow and select supplier base with whom we work very closely. as a result we have gained knowledge of their practices and collaborate with them on continuous improvements in process and standards. how do you procure exotic skins? allsaints is a member of the cites management authority (convention on international trade in endangered species of wild fauna and flora ) who require strict adherence to record keeping. this is a very rigorous system that ensures traceability, sustainability and best practice. we always seek to work with reputable and ethical suppliers globally. we only engage vendors with transparent track records. we have established a narrow and select supplier base with whom we work very closely. as a result we have knowledge of their practices and collaborate with them on continuous-improvements in process and standards. what is not for sale? allsaints supports the not for sale charitable organisation which protects people and communities from human trafficking. their work provides survivors and at-risk communities in five countries with safety, stability, education and economic opportunities. delivery free delivery on all uk orders over £150 & free uk returns. delivery to over 220 global destinations & premium shipping options available in uk. our couriers & tracking your order in order to offer a premium courier service dpd will ship all uk orders and multiple shipping partners will ship to european and international destinations. exclusions apply. please find our delivery services below: uk next business day including 10.30 and 12noon services uk saturday including 10.30 and 12noon services uk sunday uk standard europe & international. tracking your order: once your order has been dispatched, we’ll email you a tracking number so you can follow your order. uk orders: please click to download yourdpd app in order to set your own personal delivery preferences. dpd provide a 1 hour time slot for estimated arrival by sms and email. you’ll be able to select other ‘in flight’ options for your convenience. a signature is required for all uk domestic deliveries, with the exception of the ‘leave safe’ option available with our dpd in flight delivery services. if you're unavailable and haven’t requested a leave safe option, a card will be left with rearrangement details or delivered to a neighbour. international orders: you’ll receive an sms and email notification after your order has been dispatched, follow the link provided and choose from a range of flexible delivery options. ensure you enter your mobile number at checkout to receive an sms. our shipping partners will leave a card so you know which neighbour your parcel has been delivered to. we’re currently unable to ship to collections points such as amazon lockers and collect plus. uk next business day including morning services £4.95/€5.95 or free for orders over £150/€150 and amazon prime members. monday to friday service delivered between 7.30am and 6.00pm excluding weekends. orders placed before 5pm monday to thursday will be delivered next business day. orders placed between 5pm on thursday and 3pm saturday will be delivered on monday. orders placed after 3pm saturday will be delivered on tuesday. dpd 10.30am next business day £9.95/€9.95 for all orders monday to friday service delivered between 7.30am and 6.00pm excluding weekends. orders placed before 5pm monday to thursday will be delivered by 10.30am next business day. orders placed between 5pm on thursday and 3pm saturday will be delivered on monday by 10.30am. orders placed after 3pm saturday will be delivered on tuesday by 10.30am. dpd 12 noon next business day £9.95/€9.95 for all orders monday to friday service delivered between 7.30am and 6.00pm excluding weekends. orders placed before 5pm monday to thursday will be delivered by 12noon next business day. orders placed between 5pm on thursday and 3pm saturday will be delivered on monday by 12noon. orders placed after 3pm saturday will be delivered on tuesday by 12noon. uk standard delivery including channel islands £3.95/€4.95 or free for orders over £150/€150. monday to friday service delivered between 7.30am and 6.00pm excluding weekends. orders delivered within 2-4 working days, outlying areas may take longer. all orders on a standard service are delivered by dpd. orders to channel islands: uk vat will not be charged, however our global selling price will remain the same. to return your order, you can create a free trackable freepost label through royal mail’s online returns portal. uk saturday delivery including morning services £9.95/€9.95 for all orders. delivery between 9am-5pm, excluding public holidays. order up until 5pm friday for our saturday delivery service for uk and northern ireland. orders placed after 5pm friday will be delivered the following saturday. dpd will deliver orders placed up until 5pm on friday for our saturday service. uk saturday 10:30am delivery delivery between 9am-5pm, excluding public holidays. orders placed before 5pm on friday will be delivered by 10.30am on saturday. orders placed after 5pm friday will be delivered the following saturday by 10.30am. uk saturday 12 noon delivery delivery between 9am-5pm, excluding public holidays. orders placed before 5pm on friday will be delivered by 12noon on saturday. orders placed after 5pm friday will be delivered the following saturday by 12noon. uk sunday delivery £9.95/€9.95 for all orders. delivery between 9am-5pm, excluding public holidays. orders placed before 3pm on saturday will be delivered on sunday. orders placed after 3pm on saturday will be delivered the following sunday. delivery to european destinations £9.95/€9.95 or free for orders over £150/€150. monday to friday service delivered between 9am-5pm excluding weekends and public holidays. orders will arrive within 3-5 working days, outlying areas may take longer. allow up to 10 working days for delivery to greece and greek islands. we ship outside of the eu on a delivery duty unpaid (ddu) basis. prices are exclusive of all taxes and duties. uk vat is not charged. delivery to international destinations £24.95/€24.95 or free for orders over £300/€300. monday to friday service delivered between 9am-5pm excluding weekends and public holidays. orders will arrive within 5-7 working days, outlying areas may take longer. we ship outside of the eu on a delivery duty unpaid (ddu) basis. prices are exclusive of all taxes and duties. uk vat is not charged. we deliver to po boxes in the following countries: bahrain, iran, iraq, jordan, kuwait, oman, qatar, united arab emirates. it is essential for successful delivery that a valid contact name and consignee telephone number is provided. please note for orders delivered to belarus, we can, deliver to minsk airport only. gulf cooperation council countries dhl carry our deliveries to gulf cooperation council destinations, you'll receive a tracking number once your order leaves our distribution centre for use on the dhl website. dhl deliver to po box addresses in the gulf cooperation council countries. it is essential for successful delivery that a valid contact name and consignee telephone number is provided. a copy of the following documents must be provided to dhl when shipments arrive to the destinations below: saudi arabia - saudi national id or valid resident permit (iqama) bahrain - civil population registration (cpr or id card) qatar - qatar identification number (qid) china in line with the required customs clearance procedure you will be charged vat, duty and a brokerage fee. these charges vary across each gateway and vat/duty are calculated based on the type of goods and value of goods and cost of transportation. please note smaller orders of lesser value may incur lower vat and duty charges. business to customer (b2c) orders over £100/$147 needs to be received via brokerage agency and are subject to formal customs clearance fees. dhl will undertake all customs clearance procedures on behalf of the customer and facilitate appointing an export broker. as the importer of record you may need to provide identification and order details to dhl in order to receive your order. russia the federal customs service of russia calculates customs fees based on the total value of goods imported by each customer within a one month period. we recommend that you keep track of the orders you place, as in a small number of areas in russia, if you exceed the monthly import threshold amount, your purchase will be sent back to us. for more information please contact your local customs office. our shipping partner will contact you via sms message or email and ask you to provide necessary documentation. a copy of your passport a passenger declaration - please collect from your local customs office a copy of your order confirmation a power of attorney signed by the importer electronically on the web-portal a copy of proof of payment - i.e. a bank statement the original importers guarantee letter. south americas to ship to north and south america please visit us.allsaints.com where you can take advantage of regional shipping options and pay in usd($). turkey no duty will be charged for orders under €75. our courier will contact you for this information once your order arrives in turkey. please note there are shipping restrictions on furs. contact your local customs office for further details. high value parcels may be delayed for additional checks at customs. for orders over €75, you will be asked to provide one of the below: tr id number (if you are a turkish citizen) vat number (for deliveries to a company address) passport number (non-residents) delivery to alternate addresses delivery to po box: dhl deliver to po boxes in the following countries: bahrain, iran, iraq, jordan, kuwait, oman, qatar, united arab emirates. it is essential for successful delivery that a valid contact name and consignee telephone number is provided. delivery to bfpo: dpd will ship bfpo orders to raf northolt for distribution within the internal network which may be subject to delays. please be sure to include your full name and personnel information at checkout. uk orders: for your security dpd do not currently deliver to po boxes, amazon lockers, or packstations. please click to download yourdpd app in order to set your own personal delivery preferences. international orders: you’ll receive an sms and email notification after your order has been dispatched, follow the link provided and choose from a range of flexible delivery options. customs, tax and duties for deliveries within the eu: we operate on a delivered duty paid basis. this means that all import taxes and duties, as well as applicable vat, will be included in the price of the goods in your order. deliveries outside the eu (including the channel islands): we operate on a delivered duty unpaid basis. this means that any outstanding import duties, clearance fees, brokerage fees or any other additional charges are the responsibility of our customer and have to be paid on delivery of your order. uk vat will not be charged for international orders. these charges are set by the customs authorities of the destination country and you may also need to provide additional information to clear your order. please contact your local customs authority for more information. uk vat is non refundable for online orders. shipping restrictions & exclusions once you enter your shipping address at checkout, we will present the delivery services available to you based on your location. exclusions uk next business day, saturday & sunday services: delivery to these post codes may take 2-4 business days. ab31 - ab35, ab36 - ab38, ab41 - ab54, ab55 - ab56, bt1-94 (sunday service), fk17 - fk21, g83-g84, gy9, hs1 - hs9, im, iv, je, ka27, ka28, kw0 - kw14, kw15 - kw17, pa20, pa78, ph15 - ph18, ph19 - ph29, ph32 - ph33, ph45 - ph48, ph30 - ph31, ph34 - ph44, ph49 - ph99, tr21-25, ze, bfpo. uk morning services: delivery to these post codes may take 2-4 business days: ab10 - ab16, ab21 - ab30, ab31 - ab35, ab36 - ab38, ab41 - ab54, ab55 - ab56, bt1-94 (10.30am service) bt11-94 (12noon service), dd1 - dd9, fk17 - fk21, g83 - g84 , gy9, hs1 - hs9, im, iv, je, ka27, ka28, kw0 - kw14, kw15 - kw17, ky8 - ky10, ky14 - ky16 pa20, pa78, ph1 - ph14, ph15 - ph18, ph19 - ph29, ph32 - ph33, ph45 - ph48, ph30 - ph31, ph34 - ph44, ph49 - ph99, tr21-25, ze, bfpo. next business day morning services: the below scottish postcodes will be delivered 30 minutes later: dg1 - dg9 , eh1 - eh99, fk1 - fk16, g1 - g82, ka1 - ka30, ky1 - ky7 1, ky11 - ky13, ky99, ml1 - ml12, pa1 - pa19, td1 - td 15 store sourced items: store sourced items will be delivered separately within 3-5 working days, including amazon and amazon prime orders. please allow an additional 4 days for international delivery. you will be advised if an item is coming from a store during the checkout process. orders with multiple items may be dispatched from both our distribution centre and an allsaints store. you will receive a separate dispatch confirmation email and tracking number for each shipment. delivery from our distribution centre will be under the service you selected. restrictions delivery to russia: ups are able to ship to the following locations in russia only. any locations not listed are undeliverable by ups. moscow (including postcodes 140000-144012 in moscow oblast), nizhniy novgorod (including nizhegorodskaya oblast), krasnodar (including krsnodar oblast), novorossiysk, sochi, stavropol (including stavropol oblast), st. petersburg (including leningrad oblast), khabarovsk (including khabarovsk oblast), blagoveschensk and vladivostok. arkhangelsk, astrakhan, belgorod, bryansk, chelyabinsk, chita, irkutsk, ivanovo, izhevsk, kaluga, kazan, kemerovo, kostroma, krasnoyarsk, lipetsk, murmansk, naberezhyne chelny, novgorod, novokuznetsk, novosibirsk, novy urengoy, omsk, orel, orenburg, perm, pskov, pyatigorsk, rostov-on-don, ryazan, samara, saratov, smolensk, surgut, tambov, togliatti, tuapse, tula, tver, tyumen, ufa, ulyanovsk, vladimir, volgograd, voronezh, vyborg, yaroslavl and yekaterinburg. shipping to south america: we ship to south america from the us only, therefore we recommend you place order from our us site www.us.allsaints.com. please click here for more information. exotic skins: due to international trading agreements and regulations allsaints must adhere to specific shipping restrictions. we are unable to ship exotic skins outside the eu. in addition, we are required by eu regulation to obtain a cites (convention on international trade in endangered species of wild fauna and flora) permit before items made from exotic skins can be shipped. this may cause a delay in processing your order. for further information, please contact customer experience. shipping footwear to mexico: if your order contains footwear, you must hire a licensed broker to clear customs. dhl restrictions: dhl currently do not ship to turkmenistan and gaza strip. delivery to po box: dhl deliver to po boxes in the following countries only: bahrain, iran, iraq, jordan, kuwait, oman, qatar, united arab emirates. it is essential for successful delivery that a valid contact name and consignee telephone number is provided. delivery to belarus: please note for orders delivered to belarus, we can, deliver to minsk airport only. returns & exchanges allsaints online returns & exchange policy return your online order to our distribution centre within 14 days of receiving your order for a full refund. exchange or receive a gift card within 28 days. exchange for different colour or size of the same style. returns will be processed within 48 hours, this may vary during busy periods. items received outside of our 28 day return period will be returned to you. allow 5-10 working days for refunds to appear in your account. if your payment was made with a gift card and credit card we’ll refund your gift card first. to protect your purchase a selection of our dresses and leathers are tagged and refunds will only be offered if this tag remains attached when returned. dress returns received without the tag attached will either be exchanged or returned to the customer. please note, we monitor the number of returns made by customers, and continued returns will be flagged and potentially refused at our discretion or lead to the closure of your allsaints account. return in store return your online order to any allsaints store for an exchange or gift card only within 28 days (excluding global department stores and outlets). please note that stores aren't able to offer a refund for online orders. exchanged items must be in their original condition, and accompanied by a copy of your original invoice. if you exchange your online purchase in store you fall under the store’s return policy for further exchanges. your statutory rights are not affected. swimwear returns to return swimwear, please do not remove the original wrapping. we are unable to offer returns or exchanges on underwear. handbag returns to return your handbag please wrap carefully in the original dust bag to prevent any damage during shipping. when examining your handbag please be mindful not to scratch or mark the product. underwear & jewellery returns we are unable to offer returns or exchanges on underwear and jewellery. cancellation alternatively, if you are a uk or european customer, you may cancel your order and return any item to us in accordance with the consumer contracts regulations 2013. please see our terms and conditions for further details. allsaints store returns policy refunds: should you need to return anything purchased at an allsaints store, including sale items, please bring your receipt and unworn items back within 14 days and we will help you find something else, give you a gift card, or provide a refund based on the original payment method. please note that stores aren't able to offer a refund for online orders and purchases from mainline stores cannot be refunded in concession and outlet stores. exchanges: items purchased at an allsaints store, or online at allsaints.com, can be exchanged within 28 days. you can exchange your purchase for another item or gift card at any store that accepts the same currency as the original purchase. please note that online orders and purchases from mainline stores cannot be exchanged in concession and outlet stores. concessions and outlet stores: purchases made in department store concessions should be returned or exchanged in accordance with the department store’s own return and exchange policy. purchases made in our outlet stores can only be exchanged for a gift card or alternate style in an outlet store within 14 days. please note that online orders and purchases from mainline stores cannot be returned or exchanged in concession and outlet stores. your statutory rights are not affected. how to return an online order return your online order to our distribution centre within 14 days of receiving your order for a full refund. exchange or receive a gift card within 28 days. exchange for different colour or size of the same style. for security reasons we are unable to accept hand-carried returns to our distribution centre. returns address: allsaints website returns, unit 6, new hythe business park, bellingham way, larkfield, aylesford, me20 6sq, united kingdom return to store: return your online order to any allsaints store for an exchange or gift card only within 28 days (excluding global department stores and outlets). please note that stores aren't able to offer a refund for online orders. exchanged items must be in their original condition, and accompanied by a copy of your original invoice. if you exchange your online purchase in store you fall under the store’s return policy for further exchanges. your statutory rights are not affected. return to distribution centre: uk returns: complete your returns form, apply the royal mail freepost label to the front of the parcel and drop off at your nearest post office. please keep your postage receipt for your own security. if you didn’t receive a return form you can include a written note with your name, order number and request instead. you can also create a new trackable freepost label through royal mail’s online returns portal. please contact the customer experience team if royal mail do not accept your parcel due to size or weight restrictions and a stylist will be happy to help you. alternatively, if you are a uk or european customer, you may cancel your order and return any item to us in accordance with the consumer contracts regulations 2013. please see our terms and conditions for further details. international returns: you can return your order using any trackable postal service; you'll need to cover the postage costs yourself. please mark your parcel as ‘returned goods’ to avoid being charged any further duties. if you didn’t receive a return form you can include a written note with your name, order number and request instead. alternatively, if you are a european customer, you may cancel your order and return any item to us in accordance with the consumer contracts regulations 2013. please see our terms and conditions for further details. please return your order to the above address. for security reasons we are unable to accept hand carried returns to our distribution centre. processing time for returns, exchanges and refunds uk returns made using the royal mail freepost label may take upto 3-4 working days to be delivered. track your parcel online using the royal mail track and trace service. international returns may take 5 working days to be delivered to us depending on origin. we advise that you use a trackable service for your return. returns will be processed within 72 hours, this may vary during busy periods. allow 5-10 working days for refunds to appear in your account. for international exchanges, please allow up to 10 working days for the exchange to be delivered. uk orders: your delivery costs will not be refunded if you cancel your order post dispatch and use our free uk returns service as the free returns service is provided in place of reimbursement of the original delivery charges. europe and international orders: your delivery costs will be refunded if you cancel post dispatch as we do not offer a free returns service for international orders. delivery costs refund: delivery costs will be refunded in the following circumstances: if you cancel your order before dispatch. if you return a faulty item. if we cancel your order due to stock availability. if you choose to cancel your order under the consumer contracts regulations (in which case we will refund you the value of our least expensive /standard delivery method). please see our terms and conditions for more information on how to cancel under the consumer contracts regulations. please note that if you cancel your order under the consumer contracts regulations you will not be able to use our free returns service but will have to pay the cost of returning the item to us. what are the consumer contracts regulations and how do they apply to me? the consumer contracts regulations are in place to protect your rights. you have 14 days from the date you receive your order to cancel it. email us at ask@allsaints.com with your name and order number and we’ll take it from there. for further details on how to cancel your order and return an item to us in accordance with the consumer contracts regulations 2013, please see clause 8 of our terms and conditions for further details. back to top allsaints on twitter allsaints on facebook allsaints on google plus allsaints on pinterest allsaints on youtube allsaints on instagram women men thank you you will receive an email confirming your subscription shortly. need help or style advice? contact customer experience: +44 (0)344 9802211 we are here 24/7 © allsaints uk 2017 privacy policy terms and conditions modern slavery act statement uk help & support contact us size guide faqs, delivery & returns privacy policy terms and conditions modern slavery act statement uk need help? call us on +44 (0)344 980 2211. we're here 24/7. careers site map © allsaints uk 2017