来源URL: https://web.archive.org/web/20171228051622/https://www.allsaints.com/privacy_policy/
================================================================================

customer information | privacy policy | allsaints welcome £ english € deutsch € français € español € italiano € english (eu) € english (ie) $ english $ español c$ english ₩ 한국어 ¥ 日本 free delivery on all uk orders over £150 & free uk returns store finder my wishlist sign in by using this site you agree to our cookie policy. women's autumn 17 new arrivals sale best sellers gift cards the lookbook #allsaints all clothing dresses leather jackets knitwear coats handbags sweatshirts jackets t-shirts jeans shirts tops tailoring bomber jackets trousers & leggings skirts shorts swimwear shoes & boots accessories leather jackets all leathers the balfern oversized shearling bikers bomber jackets dresses all dresses occasion printed jersey silk day handbags all handbags tote bags backpacks shoulder bags bucket bags crossbody bags jeans all jeans shaping skinny distressed high waisted cropped boyfriend men's autumn 17 new arrivals sale nothing really happens best sellers ramskull gift cards the lookbook #allsaints all clothing leather jackets knitwear shirts coats t-shirts sweatshirts hoodies jackets polos jeans trousers chinos shorts bomber jackets tailoring shoes & boots bags accessories swimwear leather jackets all leathers bikers bomber jackets jackets blazers shirts all shirts ramskull formal casual denim check ramskull all ramskull shirts t-shirts knitwear polos sweatshirts accessories jeans all jeans skinny ripped straight the handbag autumn 17 handbag guide shop all styles tote bags backpacks shoulder bags bucket bags crossbody bags studios women's lookbook october september august july view all men's lookbook nothing really happens october september august view all la sessions madison beer billy raffoul imagine dragons kaleo all sessions collections nothing really happens london. more than ever. i love mexico city gift cards sale women's sale shop all knitwear leather jackets dresses coats & jackets t-shirts & sweatshirts shirts & tops jeans & trousers skirts & shorts handbags & accessories shoes & boots swimwear explore categories men's sale shop all shirts leather jackets t-shirts sweatshirts knitwear jackets jeans & trousers polos tailoring shoes & boots shorts & swimshorts explore categories skip to content when autocomplete results are available use up and down arrows to review and enter to select. touch device users, explore by touch or with swipe gestures. my bag0 store locator search view bag (? items) bag total: checkout you have items in your wishlist sign in log in or register to save your wishlist when autocomplete results are available use up and down arrows to review and enter to select. touch device users, explore by touch or with swipe gestures. women's autumn 17 new arrivals sale best sellers gift cards the lookbook #allsaints all clothing dresses leather jackets knitwear coats handbags sweatshirts jackets t-shirts jeans shirts tops tailoring bomber jackets trousers & leggings skirts shorts swimwear shoes & boots accessories leather jackets all leathers the balfern oversized shearling bikers bomber jackets dresses all dresses occasion printed jersey silk day handbags all handbags tote bags backpacks shoulder bags bucket bags crossbody bags jeans all jeans shaping skinny distressed high waisted cropped boyfriend men's autumn 17 new arrivals sale nothing really happens best sellers ramskull gift cards the lookbook #allsaints all clothing leather jackets knitwear shirts coats t-shirts sweatshirts hoodies jackets polos jeans trousers chinos shorts bomber jackets tailoring shoes & boots bags accessories swimwear leather jackets all leathers bikers bomber jackets jackets blazers shirts all shirts ramskull formal casual denim check ramskull all ramskull shirts t-shirts knitwear polos sweatshirts accessories jeans all jeans skinny ripped straight the handbag autumn 17 handbag guide shop all styles tote bags backpacks shoulder bags bucket bags crossbody bags studios women's lookbook october september august july view all men's lookbook nothing really happens october september august view all la sessions madison beer billy raffoul imagine dragons kaleo all sessions collections nothing really happens london. more than ever. i love mexico city gift cards sale women's sale shop all knitwear leather jackets dresses coats & jackets t-shirts & sweatshirts shirts & tops jeans & trousers skirts & shorts handbags & accessories shoes & boots swimwear explore categories men's sale shop all shirts leather jackets t-shirts sweatshirts knitwear jackets jeans & trousers polos tailoring shoes & boots shorts & swimshorts explore categories help & support contact us faqs, delivery & returns size guide site map careers change currency & language: £ english € deutsch € français € español € italiano € english (eu) € english (ie) $ english $ español c$ english ₩ 한국어 ¥ 日本 bag account sorry, there are no products available please wait add a gift card 20 40 60 80 100 add to bag promotional code: sorry, these items are not available for this promotion. you have incorrectly attempted to enter a promotional code 15 times. please try again in ten minutes. our customer experience team is available 24/7. call us on (0)344 980 2211. could not remove promotion apply promotion applied: remove promotion total new total checkout login/register existing customer i am a new customer privacy policy privacy all saints retail limited are committed to protecting and respecting your privacy. this policy (together with our terms and conditions of website use, our cookie policy and any other documents referred to in it) sets out the basis on which any personal data we collect from you, or that you provide to us, will be processed by us. this privacy policy applies to all stores, websites and mobile applications ("app") owned or operated by all saints retail limited ("allsaints"). allsaints websites are located at www.allsaints.com, www.us.allsaints.com, www.fr.allsaints.com, and www.de.allsaints.com (the "sites"). the sites and the app shall be collectively referred to as the "services." in this document, "we", "our" and "us" refer to allsaints, and "you", "your" "user," mean users of the services. please read the following carefully to understand our views and practices regarding your personal data and how we will treat it. the privacy policy, as well as the cookie policy is incorporated into and made a part of our terms and conditions of supply. as part of the terms and conditions of supply, the privacy policy constitutes a legally binding agreement between you and us. by accessing or using our services, you agree that you (or your parent or legal guardian) have read, understand, and are bound by the terms and conditions set forth herein. if you (or your parent or legal guardian) do not agree with any part of this privacy policy or our terms and conditions, please do not use or access the services. for the purpose of the data protection act 1998 (the "act"), the data controller is all saints retail limited of units c15-c17 jacks place, 6 corbet place, london, e1 6nn. information we may collect from you we may collect and process the following data about you: a) information you give us. you may give us information about you when you use our services by for example, filling in forms on our sites or by corresponding with us by phone, e-mail or otherwise. this includes information you provide when you register to use our sites, search for a product, place an order on our sites, enter a competition, promotion or survey, and when you report a problem with our sites. the information you give us may include your name, address, e-mail address and phone number, financial and credit card information, personal description, gender and photograph. if you apply for or inquire about a job opening with us, we may also collect additional information about you, such as your work history and other information in connection with your application. b) information we collect about you. with regard to each of your visits to our sites we may automatically collect the following information: technical information, including the internet protocol (ip) address used to connect your computer to the internet, your login information, browser type and version, time zone setting, browser plug-in types and versions, operating system and platform; information about your visit, including the full uniform resource locators (url) clickstream to, through and from our site (including date and time); products you viewed or searched for; page response times, download errors, length of visits to certain pages, page interaction information (such as scrolling, clicks, and mouse-overs), and methods used to browse away from the page and any phone number used to call our customer experience team. c) information we receive from other sources. we are also working closely with third parties (including, for example, business partners, sub-contractors in technical, payment and delivery services, advertising networks, analytics providers, search information providers, credit reference agencies) and may receive information about you from them. uses made of the information we use information held about you in the following ways: a) information you give to us. we will use this information: to carry out our obligations arising from any contracts entered into between you and us and to provide you with the information, products and services that you request from us or to respond to your inquiries; to provide you with information and marketing materials about other goods and services we offer that are similar to those that you have already purchased or enquired about or to tell you about upcoming events or to carry out surveys or questionnaires for the purposes of improving our services and your shopping experience; to provide you with information about goods or services we feel may interest you. if you are an existing customer, we will only contact you by electronic means (e-mail or sms) with information about goods and services similar to those which were the subject of a previous sale or negotiations of a sale to you. if you are a new customer, we will contact you by electronic means only if you have consented to this; to notify you about changes to our services or if there is a problem with your delivery; to ensure that content from our sites is presented in the most effective manner for you and for your computer; to investigate the validity of a transaction, in the event that we have a reasonable suspicion of fraud (we conduct routine online fraud prevention measures); for customer service purposes, to contact you if you have not checked out, to follow up on abandoned shopping carts or to see if there was a problem with your use of the sites. b) information we collect about you. we will use this information: to administer our sites and for internal operations, including troubleshooting, data analysis, testing, research, statistical and survey purposes; to improve our sites to ensure that content is presented in the most effective manner for you and for your computer; to allow you to participate in any interactive features of our services, when you choose to do so; as part of our efforts to keep our sites safe and secure; to measure or understand the effectiveness of advertising we serve to you and others, and to deliver relevant advertising to you; to make suggestions and recommendations to you and other users of our sites about goods or services that may interest you or them, or to contact you if you have not checked out or to follow up on abandoned shopping carts or to see if there was a problem with your use of the sites. c) information we receive from other sources. we may combine this information with information you give to us and information we collect about you. we may use this information and the combined information for the purposes set out above (depending on the types of information we receive). cookies and other web technologies and further information collected our services use cookies, "beacons" and other web technologies (collectively, "web technologies"). when you visit or interact with our services we may use web technologies to collect information about your usage and device including, without limitation, location based data, device identifier numbers, browsing history, domain name, internet protocol (ip) address, browser type, date and time of each visit, the pages you visit, and other information. we may use this information to improve and personalise your experience while using our services, or while visiting our stores, based on areas we believe may be of interest to you. for example, when you are using our app, we may use location information and unique device identifiers so that we may offer you tailored information about our products while you are physically present in our stores. information collected from you, including via web technologies, may also be used to facilitate, support and improve the technical performance and functioning of the services. if you use our services, you are consenting to the use of web technologies (including cookies) in accordance with our cookie policy. for more information about the types of cookies our services use, please click here for our cookie policy. in addition, we may offer you additional choices with respect to the use of these web technologies. some of our web technologies will only be employed on your device on an opt-in basis, i.e. where you actively choose to receive them. for example, when using the app in a store where the service has been rolled out, you will be prompted to confirm whether you agree to your location data being used so we can make you aware of any special in-store items or promotions. you can withdraw consent at any time by turning off the location services sharing settings for the app on your device, or by deleting the app. disclosure of your information our policy is to not share the information described above with third parties outside of allsaints without your prior consent. we may, however, share the information we collect about you in limited circumstances including to: business partners, suppliers and sub-contractors for the performance of any contract we enter into with them or you. for example: (a) we pass your delivery address and telephone number to our partner courier companies in case they need to contact you directly if there is a problem with your delivery; (b) we pass certain personal information to third party payment management companies to enable them to verify your credit or debit card details; (c) we may pass your details to service providers who help us deliver the app; (d) we pass certain purchasing information and use of discounts to business partners who facilitate such discount schemes, provided you have previously registered with them. (e) we pass your personal information to business partners who provide us with and assist us in operating customer service management software, designed to improve and manage our interaction with customers and your customer service experience. advertisers and advertising networks that require the data to select and serve relevant adverts to you and others. analytics and search engine providers that assist us in the improvement and optimisation of our sites and services. service providers whom we may employ to assist us in carrying out and then analysing the results of customer surveys or questionnaires. credit reference agencies for the purpose of ensuring that your credit or debit card is not being used without your consent. this is done only to confirm your identity. no credit check is performed and your credit rating will be unaffected. we may disclose your personal information to third parties: in the event that we sell or buy any business or assets, in which case we may disclose your personal data to the prospective seller or buyer of such business or assets. if we plan to merge with or be acquired by that third party or in connection with a partial or total sale of assets, bankruptcy, or another corporate change. if we are under a duty to disclose or share your personal data in order to comply with any legal obligation, subpoena or court order or in order to enforce or apply our terms and conditions of website use or our terms and conditions of supply and other agreements. if we believe in good faith that the disclosure of information is necessary to: prevent imminent physical harm or financial loss to us; prevent or report suspected illegal activity; protect anyone's rights, property, or safety. this includes exchanging information with other companies and organisations for the purposes of fraud protection and credit risk reduction. if you otherwise consent or direct us to share your information with third parties. your choices if you wish to opt out of receiving marketing emails from allsaints, you can do so by following the instructions in the email or by logging into your online account, going into "my account details" and clicking "unsubscribe" under the heading "my subscriptions". please note that if you decide to opt out it may take a few days to process your opt-out request and that you may continue to receive promotional or marketing materials during this time. also, please note that opting out of receiving will not preclude us from sending you other types of non-promotional messages, such as emails confirming transactions. we also provide you with the option to correct and update your account information when you are logged into your account. where we store your personal data the data that we collect from you may be transferred to, and stored at, a destination outside the european economic area ("eea"). it may also be processed by staff operating outside the eea who work for us or for one of our suppliers. such staff may be engaged in, among other things, the fulfilment of your order, the processing of your payment details and the provision of support services. by submitting your personal data, you agree to this transfer, storing or processing. we will take all steps reasonably necessary to ensure that your data is treated securely and in accordance with this privacy policy. information security we use cyber security best practices to prevent the unauthorised use, access, or disclosure of your personal information. for example, all information you provide to us is stored on our secure servers. any payment transactions will be encrypted using ssl/tls technology and card data are processed by pci compliant payment providers. while we strive to protect your personal information, no system can ever be 100% secure and we cannot guarantee the absolute security of your personal information; any transmission is at your own risk. you can help protect your online personal data by following these safety tips: if using a public computer or terminal, always log out and close the browser when you complete an online session. keep passwords private. remember, anybody who knows your password may access your account. when creating a password, a combination of letters and numbers is best. do not use dictionary words, your name, email address, or other personal information that can be easily obtained. it is also recommended that you frequently change your password. avoid using the same password for multiple online accounts. you should use your own virus protection software and keep it up to date. if there has been (or you suspect) an unauthorised use of your password or account, please notify us immediately. where we have given you (or where you have chosen) a password which enables you to access certain parts of our sites, you are responsible for keeping this password confidential. we ask you not to share a password with anyone. children our services are not directed to children under the age of 13 and we do not knowingly collect personal information from children. if you are under the age of 13, please stop using our services. it is our policy not to knowingly solicit or permit children under the age of 13 to provide their personal information for any purpose. access to information if you would like to see a copy of the personal data that we hold on you then please write to: allsaints retail ltd units c15 - c17 jack's place, 6 corbet place, london e1 6nn uk for the attention of the data protection manager. we reserve the right to charge a small fee to cover our administration costs where we are legally entitled to do so. changes to our privacy policy any changes we may make to our privacy policy in the future will be posted on this page and, where appropriate, notified to you by e-mail. please check back frequently to see any updates or changes to our privacy policy. california privacy rights california law permits our users who are california residents to request and obtain from us once a year, free of charge, information about the personally identifiable information (if any) we disclosed to third parties for direct marketing purposes in the preceding calendar year. at this time, allsaints does not share personal information with third parties for their own direct marketing purposes. in addition, under california law, website operators are required to disclose how they respond to web browser "do not track" signals or other similar mechanisms that provide consumers the ability to exercise choice regarding the collection of personal information of a consumer over time and across third party websites, to the extent the operator engages in that collection. at this time, we do not track our customers' personal information over time and across third-party websites. this law also requires website operators to disclose whether third parties may collect personally identifiable information about their users' online activities over time and across different sites when the users use the operator's website. allsaints does not knowingly permit third parties to collect personally identifiable information about an individual consumer's online activities over time and across different web sites when a consumer uses our services. third party sites our services may contain links to other sites, such as social networking platforms. please be aware that we do not endorse and are not responsible for the privacy practices of such other sites. the privacy policy presented here does not apply to such sites. if you have any questions about these other companies' data practices, you should review their privacy policies. contact questions, comments and requests regarding this privacy policy are welcomed and should be addressed to our customer experience team, units at c15-c17 jacks place, 6 corbet place, london, e1 6nn or by e-mailing us at ask@allsaints.com. back to top allsaints on twitter allsaints on facebook allsaints on google plus allsaints on pinterest allsaints on youtube allsaints on instagram women men thank you you will receive an email confirming your subscription shortly. need help or style advice? contact customer experience: +44 (0)344 9802211 we are here 24/7 © allsaints uk 2017 privacy policy terms and conditions modern slavery act statement uk help & support contact us size guide faqs, delivery & returns privacy policy terms and conditions modern slavery act statement uk need help? call us on +44 (0)344 980 2211. we're here 24/7. careers site map © allsaints uk 2017