来源URL: https://web.archive.org/web/20181217141458/https://www.allsaints.com/help-and-support/shipping-and-faqs/
================================================================================

allsaints uk: faqs and delivery & returns information. sign up to receive exclusive updates on our new collections and special offers. to improve your experience we may; profile, segment, test, analyse and model your details. you can unsubscribe at any time via the link in your emails. please refer to our privacy policy for further details. be the first to know sign up to our emails and hear about the latest arrivals and exclusive offers first. email input women men menu english (£) close get the best experience change to your country's website for localised options and currencies. please note: changing countries will empty your basket. 如您填寫的訂單收件地點為中國香港及台灣等需要以國際物流寄送之地區則需自行負擔可能產生之關稅及匯差等相關費用。 change region stay on current site shopping bag (0) your bag is empty total £0 view shopping bag continue shopping menu country selector change to your country's website for localised options and currencies. please note: changing countries will empty your basket deutsch (€) français (€) español (€) italiano (€) english (eu) (€) english (ie) (€) english ($) español ($) canadian (c$) 한국어 (₩) 日本 (¥) 台灣 (ntd.) english (£) sign in sale up to 50% off + an extra 20% off online & in store   women | men deutsch (eur / €) français (eur / €) español (eur / €) italiano (eur / €) english (eu) (eur / €) english (ie) (eur / €) english (usd / $) español (usd / $) canadian (cad / c$) 한국어 (krw / ₩) 日本 (jpy / ¥) 台灣 (ntd / ntd.) sale women's sale all sale leather jackets coats & jackets knitwear handbags & accessories dresses jeans & trousers t-shirts & sweatshirts boots & shoes tops & shirts skirts & shorts men's sale all sale t-shirts & sweatshirts knitwear leather jackets coats & jackets shirts polos jeans & trousers boots & shoes ramskull tailoring bags & accessories shop by women's 30% off women's 40% off women's 50% off men's 30% off men's 40% off men's 50% off free uk delivery on orders over £150 & uk returns women shop sale new arrivals best sellers gift cards fragrance outlet clothing dresses leather jackets coats & jackets knitwear sweatshirts jeans skirts blazers tailoring trousers & leggings tops & shirts t-shirts accessories all accessories handbags scarves boots & shoes stories fragrance challenge the cold la sessions: elley duhé #allsaints free uk delivery on orders over £150 & uk returns men shop sale new arrivals best sellers gift cards fragrance ramskull outlet clothing t-shirts shirts leather jackets coats & jackets knitwear sweatshirts hoodies polos jeans trousers tailoring accessories all accessories scarves beanies & hats gloves belts bags wallets boots & shoes underwear stories fragrance challenge the cold la sessions: elley duhé #allsaints free uk delivery on orders over £150 & uk returns search skip to content currency sign in wishlist bag when autocomplete results are available use up and down arrows to review and enter to select. touch device users, explore by touch or with swipe gestures. sign in log in or register to save your wishlist added to wishlist when autocomplete results are available use up and down arrows to review and enter to select. touch device users, explore by touch or with swipe gestures. by using this site you agree to our cookie policy. when autocomplete results are available use up and down arrows to review and enter to select. touch device users, explore by touch or with swipe gestures. women shop sale new arrivals best sellers gift cards clothing dresses leather jackets coats & jackets knitwear sweatshirts jeans skirts blazers tailoring trousers & leggings tops & shirts t-shirts accessories all accessories handbags scarves boots & shoes fragrance outlet stories fragrance challenge the cold la sessions: elley duhé #allsaints men shop sale new arrivals best sellers gift cards clothing t-shirts shirts leather jackets coats & jackets knitwear sweatshirts hoodies polos jeans trousers tailoring accessories all accessories scarves beanies & hats gloves belts bags wallets boots & shoes underwear fragrance ramskull outlet stories fragrance challenge the cold la sessions: elley duhé #allsaints women's sale all sale 30% off 40% off 50% off leather jackets coats & jackets knitwear handbags & accessories dresses jeans & trousers t-shirts & sweatshirts boots & shoes tops & shirts skirts & shorts men's sale all sale 30% off 40% off 50% off t-shirts & sweatshirts knitwear leather jackets coats & jackets shirts polos jeans & trousers boots & shoes ramskull tailoring bags & accessories english (£) my account sign in popular questions next day delivery options are temporarily unavailable due to essential maintenance. please select our standard delivery service. what is your returns policy? uk/eu allsaints online returns & exchange policy return your online order in it’s original condition to our distribution centre within 14 days of receiving your order for a full refund. this applies to full price and sale purchases. uk domestic orders will include a free returns label unless your order contains fragrance. exchange or receive a gift card within 28 days. exchange for different colour or size of the same style. returns will be processed within 48 hours, this may vary during busy periods. items received outside of our 28 day return period will be returned to you. allow 5-10 working days for refunds to appear in your account. if your payment was made with a gift card and credit card we’ll refund your gift card first. please note: to protect your purchase a selection of our dresses and leathers are tagged and refunds will only be offered if this tag remains attached when returned. item returns received without the tag attached will either be exchanged or returned to the customer. we monitor the number of returns made by customers, and continued returns will be flagged and potentially refused at our discretion or lead to the closure of your allsaints account. do you ship internationally? yes, we currently ship to over 220 destination globally with our shipping partners dhl and dpd. please note, orders will arrive within 5-7 working days, whilst outlying areas may take longer. we ship outside of the eu on a delivery duty unpaid (ddu) basis. prices are exclusive of all taxes and duties. uk vat is not charged. why am i not receiving email confirmations? if you're confident you entered your email address correctly, it may be that your junk mail filter doesn't like our email address. some web-based email services such as yahoo, google and hotmail, block emails from unknown senders, so check your junk mail folder. you may also need to add us to your address book to ensure our emails arrive in your inbox. why has my order been cancelled? unless you have asked us to cancel your order, we only ever cancel orders when we run out of a particular item. if this does happen, please accept our apologies. we hope we can help you find a suitable alternative, and you will be refunded via your original method of payment. please allow a few working days for the funds to reflect in your account. how do i unsubscribe from marketing emails? if you no longer wish to hear from us, please click on the unsubscribe link at the bottom of one of our emails or log into your allsaints account and visit the 'preferences' section. you can also unsubscribe by emailing us on ask@allsaints.com. please note that it may take up to 5 days for the change to take effect. i have not received my refund **during busier times, please allow 10 working days from the date you returned your items before contacting us about your refund.** we expect most parcels to be refunded within 3 days of reaching us but please note that this does not include your bank's processing time. we will email you to let you know when your refund has been processed. if you have received a refund confirmation email but can’t see the funds in your account, please contact your bank/card issuer for further information. what is a store sourced item? a store-sourced item is a product which has been fulfilled from one of our stores as it is no longer available at our distribution centre. store-sourced items will be delivered separately within 3-5 working days, including amazon orders. please allow an additional 4 working days for international delivery. you will be advised if an item is coming from a store during the checkout process. depending on the size of your order, your parcel may arrive in a polybag envelope or in our branded box. please note we do not currently offer a designated gift wrapping or gift receipt service. do you offer click and collect or store transfers? no, but we are currently working towards offering this service. we do however offer a dpd pick-up service on our uk checkout which means you can collect your order from a pick-up destination of your choice. our international shipping partners also offer in-flight options to have your order delivered to a pick-up shop of your choice where available. faqs delivery for more information, please see the full 'delivery' section below. returns for more information, please see the full 'returns & exchanges' section below. online ordering do i need an account to place an order? you’re able to set up an allsaints account or check out as a guest or amazon pay (uk, us and germany only). i've forgotten my password: click the forgotten password link under our login section to reset your password or continue shopping. i checked out as a guest, how do i track my order?: you will receive a dispatch confirmation email with the tracking number enclosed. can i place an order by telephone? yes, we use a secure pci compliant telephone system. we are able to process phone orders in the following currencies: gbp, eur, usd, and cad. how will my order be packaged? depending on the size of your order, your parcel may arrive in a polybag envelope or in our branded box. all gift cards are packaged in an allsaints gift box and shipped on a tracked service. please note we do not currently offer a designated gift wrapping or gift receipt service. can i change or cancel my order once it has been placed? you may change or cancel an order before we send you a dispatch email by contacting customer experience. if the order is dispatched please refuse the order at the point of delivery or send it back using your returns slip. how do i redeem a promotional code? enter the code in the promotional code box on the payment page and click 'submit'. if the code isn’t working, place your order and contact customer experience with your order number. how do i contact allsaints with any question? you can contact customer expericence herefor any general question or in relation with your order. please note that we now have a sms number in both the uk and us. you will not be charged by allsaints for using this service. however you will be charged for your text messages at your local tariff rate by your phone provider. why have i been asked to verify my details for my online order ? to protect our customers we regularly perform random security checks on online orders. if your order has been selected for review, you will be required to provide a bank authorisation code and/or utility bill so we can verify your details. this security policy is in place for your protection. allsaints app how do i download the allsaints app? the allsaints app is currently only available for apple iphone devices compatible with the itunes app store. simply open the ‘app store’ app on your device and search for ‘allsaints’. can i change the language and currency on the allsaints app? the allsaints app is currently only available in english and gbp currency. do i need to create an account to use the allsaints app? you can create a new account, log into your existing account, or check out as a guest. if i change my account details on the allsaints app will you save these updates? any changes in your account will be saved when you next sign into www.allsaints.com, however items in your wish list or basket will not be visible. what payment is accepted on the allsaints app? you can check out using visa, mastercard, american express, solo, delta, maestro, prepaid visa cards, visa deferred debit and any uk allsaints gift card. we do not currently offer amazon pay, paypal or other digital wallet payments on our app. you can also save your payment card details on the allsaints app only. are transactions made within the allsaints app secured? all transactions are secured - an ssl encryption system protects your personal and payment data. all payment details are encrypted with our payment provider, plus the option to secure any saved card details using your fingerprint with apple touch id (using iphone 5s or later) or with facial recognition using face id (using iphone x or later). how do i remove a saved card from my account? cards can be removed from the ‘account’ section of the app while logged in with your allsaints account. simply swipe left on a card and tap ‘delete’ to remove. are photos of my card stored when using the card scanning feature? no - we simply read the card details required for payment. the image is not saved and is deleted immediately after use. are any purchases restricted on the allsaints app? yes, currently we are unable to ship to australia or offer our dpd pick-up service on any app orders, and these destinations will not be available at checkout. you will be unable to select pre-saved australian shipping addresses in your account. if i delete the app will all my order history be saved? all orders associated to your login will be recalled in your order history the next time you download the allsaints app and will also be available on the website. if you have checked out as a guest on the app your order will not be saved in your account. how do i turn off push notifications? you can choose not to enable push notifications when opening the app after downloading for the first time, or if you already have the app installed, all notifications can be managed under your device configuration. these can be disabled under: settings > notifications > allsaints > then switching the ‘allow notifications’ button to the ‘off’ state. how do i get updates for the allsaints app? updates can be downloaded from the app store whenever a new version is available, these will update automatically if you choose to enable automatic downloads. these can be enabled under: settings > itunes & app stores > then switching the ‘apps’ button to the ‘on’ state. payments & gift cards when will i be charged? when placing your order we carry out a standard pre-authorisation check on your payment card. payment will not be taken until your order has been dispatched. what payment methods & currencies do you accept? visa, mastercard, american express, solo, delta, maestro, prepaid visa cards, visa deferred debit, paypal, amazon payments and allsaints gift cards. we currently trade in gbp (£), eur (€), usd ($), won (₩) yen (y) cad ($) can i claim a tax refund on my order? tax charged on purchases made online cannot be recovered through the vat retail export scheme. however all store purchases are eligible for tax free shopping. if i paid with a gift card and credit card, which will be refunded first? the money is returned first to your gift card and then to the card as outlined in section 9.1 of our terms and conditions. i’ve been refunded but no longer have my gift card? if you no longer have the gift card you used to place the order, please contact our customer experience team. can i use multiple gift cards on an order? you’re able to use one gift card per order on our website. if you have several gift cards, contact customer experience for security purposes you must be able to provide us with the full gift card number as well as the pin number. do you personalise gift cards? we are unable to add a message to a gift card purchased online, however this is something we are working towards. why do you charge for gift card delivery? all gift cards are packaged in an allsaints gift box and shipped on a tracked service. can i resell my gift card? allsaints gift cards cannot be exchanged or refunded for cash. we are unable to accept gift cards which have been resold. price match policy what is the allsaints price match policy? from 20 november 2018, we are introducing a one-time price match offer. from this date, if you buy an item in an allsaints standalone store or online at www.allsaints.com, and we reduce that item in price within 14 days from the date of purchase, we will refund you the difference. at the time of your request to price match, the exact style, colour and size of your item must be in stock and available for purchase at a reduced price online at www.allsaints.com, or in allsaints standalone stores that trades in the same currency. the following conditions apply: this price match offer excludes items sold through outlets, department store concessions, auctions or third party websites, travel and dutyfree stores. the price adjustment credit will be issued to your original form of payment. you may only use this price match offer once against each qualifying item. delivery charges and any other charges and duties are excluded when calculating the original price of an item. we are unable to offer price adjustment on items originally purchased in a sale, using a voucher code or on any special promotion items that are temporarily reduced in price. how does it work for an online purchase? to receive a price adjustment please contact customer experience with your order number, the product name and the current selling price available on www.allsaints.com . how does it work for a store purchase? please visit any allsaints standalone stores, excluding outlet and department store concessions, to request a price adjustment with your original receipt. allsaints may withdraw this offer at any time at its sole discretion. shopping with amazon what is amazon prime & the benefits? amazon prime membership entitles you to free next day delivery on allsaints.com to uk prime members on orders shipped to a uk address with no minimum spend; as well as free returns. allsaints will take care of fulfilling your order and you’ll be charged on dispatch. as a signature is required for all allsaints deliveries, we do not ship to collection points such as amazon lockers. if you're having issues logging into your amazon account, please try resetting your amazon password. allsaints and amazon gift cards cannot be redeemed when purchasing through amazon pay on allsaints.com. product & stock what is a store sourced item? a store sourced item is a product which has been fulfilled from one of our stores as no longer available at our distribution centre. store sourced items will be delivered separately within 3-5 working days, including amazon orders. please allow an additional 4 working days for international delivery. you will be advised if an item is coming from a store during the checkout process. when will an item will be back in stock? if your size is out of stock please register your interest on the product page and you’ll be contacted if we get the item back in stock via email. to check your local store availability please call customer experience or the store directly: here. where can i find size and fit information? refer to our size guide page for any size and fit information. our customer experience stylists are on hand 24/7 to offer style and fit advice and place your order by phone if you require further support. can you verify product authenticity? allsaints does not trade via ebay or any other auction website. we are not able to verify the authenticity or quality of any item sold on such a site under the allsaints brand name. how do i care for my allsaints leather garment? our leather pieces are iconic and instantly recognisable as allsaints. we do not coat our leather in plastic, and as a result the skin remains porous. this means our leather goods are not water resistant and are susceptible to absorb liquid. we recommend you avoid exposure to moisture and sunlight. this may have an adverse effect on the colour of the leather. rain, humidity, direct sunlight, oil, grease (hand cream, make-up), alcohol (perfume solvents) and other abrasive product can all cause permanent marks. we advise sourcing a leather care specialist who uses an environmentally friendly method to protect your garment. we would suggest a professional leather cleaning by such a specialist every 6-12 months. if you choose, you can apply a weather resistant product to your item, and follow the direction of the manufacturer. allsaints is not able to take any responsibility for any discolouration caused by these types of products or treatments. due to the global nature of our business we are not currently able to recommend any leather specialists in particular, or a weather resistant product. to keep your leather in the best possible condition store in a dust bag where it will be dry and well ventilated, not plastic packaging. due to the organic nature of the fabric, colour grain variations are to be expected and are a characteristic of natural leathers. variations in tone, marking and even texture should not be considered imperfections, but unique identifiers of your leather item. do you offer garment care advice for allsaints products? each garment has unique care instructions on the internal label. generally, we always advise to read and adhere to the care label and washing instructions before washing your clothes. the care label washing temperature is the highest permitted temperature. if you are unsure, always wash at a lower temperature rather than higher or hand wash. turn garment inside out before washing. our stores where’s my nearest store? you can search for your closest store via our store locator. can i return a department store concession purchase to an allsaints store? no. we are unable to accept returns from for allsaints items bought in department stores. all items purchased through one of our concessions would fall under the host store’s returns policy and should be returned to that store directly. do you offer click and collect? no, we are currently working towards offering this service. if you select delivery to one of our stores, we cannot accept liability for the parcel and may contact you to request an alternative address. can you transfer a product to my local store? this is not a service our network is currently able to support. however we can place an online order for home or business address delivery. can i shop tax free in your stores? you can shop tax free in any of our stores. department stores and franchises will have their own policy. however tax free shopping and refunds are not possible for online purchases. resolutions who do i contact if i’m unhappy with the service i’ve received? you can contact our customer experience. we welcome all feedback and will work with you to resolve your query. who do i contact if i have an issue which allsaints are unable to resolve? the european online dispute resolution platform provides information about alternative dispute resolution which may be of interest if there is a dispute about an online purchase which allsaints cannot resolve with our customer. for more information please contact customer experience. technical & website security i’m having trouble with your website, what do i do? clear your cookies, close your browser, reopen it and visit our site again. we also suggest that you use the latest version of your operating system provider e.g. windows, osx etc. if you’re still having problems, contact customer experience. is your website secure? all transactions are secured. the allsaints website is provided with an ssl encryption system to protect personal and payment data. please click here for more information: privacy policy ethical shopping are your products ethically sourced & manufactured? sourcing: allsaints products are made using ethical labour and materials. our vendors, suppliers and subcontractors are all obliged to sign our compliance manual based on the core conventions of the international labour organisation. the provisions of these conventions constitute the minimum and not the maximum standards all suppliers must meet in order to do business with allsaints. all animal derived products are from ethical vendors that ensure animals are treated humanely. it is our strong view and business policy that human or animal rights should never be compromised as a result of our business in any form. manufacturing: we have a code of conduct to ensure all employees that produce our products are treated ethically and fairly. we always seek to work with reputable and ethical suppliers globally and only engage vendors with transparent track records. we have established a narrow and select supplier base with whom we work very closely. as a result we have gained knowledge of their practices and collaborate with them on continuous improvements in process and standards. how do you procure exotic skins? allsaints is a member of the cites management authority (convention on international trade in endangered species of wild fauna and flora ) who require strict adherence to record keeping. this is a very rigorous system that ensures traceability, sustainability and best practice. we always seek to work with reputable and ethical suppliers globally. we only engage vendors with transparent track records. we have established a narrow and select supplier base with whom we work very closely. as a result we have knowledge of their practices and collaborate with them on continuous-improvements in process and standards. are allsaints fragrances tested on animals? allsaints fragrance are not tested on animals what is not for sale? allsaints supports the not for sale charitable organisation which protects people and communities from human trafficking. their work provides survivors and at-risk communities in nine countries with safety, stability, education and economic opportunities. gender pay gap gender pay gap legislation, under the equality act 2010, requires an employer with 250 employees or more to publish their gender pay gap for their employees. allsaints is extremely proud of its long track record of recruiting and retaining a diverse workforce from all backgrounds and walks of life, as reflected by the incredible 37 different nationalities currently employed in head office. treating our employees, customers and partners fairly and equally is at the core of our philosophy as a business, and we believe that this is reflected in the gender balance and pay within our company. allsaints is therefore pleased to present the following figures as at the snapshot date of 5 april 2017. dpd pick up what is dpd pick up? dpd pickup is a delivery service available in the uk only. it allows you to have your parcel delivered to your local dpd pickup shop. you’ll be notified by email & sms when your parcel is ready to collect, and you'll have up to 7 calendar days to collect at a time to suit you. please bring a photo id such as driving license or passport, and a pick-up pass such as the 2d code you receive from dpd or your utility bill. there are 2,500 dpd pickup shops in the uk with many offering extended opening times. locations include halfords, rowlands & numark pharmacy chains and doddle sites at key railway stations. simply select dpd pickup and choose a pickup shop from the list available at the checkout. dpd will provide tracking information as soon as your order leaves our warehouse. for more information, please click link here: dpd pick up faqs delivery free delivery on all uk orders over £150 & free uk returns. delivery to over 220 global destinations & premium shipping options available in uk. our couriers & tracking your order in order to offer a premium courier service dpd will ship all uk orders and multiple shipping partners will ship to european and international destinations. exclusions apply. please find our delivery services below: uk next business day including 10.30 and 12noon services uk saturday including 10.30 and 12noon services uk sunday uk standard europe & international. tracking your order: once your order has been dispatched, we’ll email you a tracking number so you can follow your order. uk orders: please click to download yourdpd app in order to set your own personal delivery preferences. dpd provide a 1 hour time slot for estimated arrival by sms and email. you’ll be able to select other ‘in flight’ options for your convenience. a signature is required for all uk domestic deliveries, with the exception of the ‘leave safe’ option available with our dpd in flight delivery services. if you're unavailable and haven’t requested a leave safe option, a card will be left with rearrangement details or delivered to a neighbour. international orders: you’ll receive an sms and email notification after your order has been dispatched, follow the link provided and choose from a range of flexible delivery options. ensure you enter your mobile number at checkout to receive an sms. our shipping partners will leave a card so you know which neighbour your parcel has been delivered to. we’re currently unable to ship to collections points such as amazon lockers and collect plus. uk next business day including morning services £4.95/€5.95 or free for orders over £150/€150 and amazon prime members. monday to friday service delivered between 7.30am and 6.00pm excluding weekends. orders placed before 5pm monday to thursday will be delivered next business day. orders placed between 5pm on thursday and 3pm saturday will be delivered on monday. orders placed after 3pm saturday will be delivered on tuesday. dpd 10.30am next business day £9.95/€9.95 for all orders monday to friday service delivered between 7.30am and 6.00pm excluding weekends. orders placed before 5pm monday to thursday will be delivered by 10.30am next business day. orders placed between 5pm on thursday and 3pm saturday will be delivered on monday by 10.30am. orders placed after 3pm saturday will be delivered on tuesday by 10.30am. dpd 12 noon next business day £9.95/€9.95 for all orders monday to friday service delivered between 7.30am and 6.00pm excluding weekends. orders placed before 5pm monday to thursday will be delivered by 12noon next business day. orders placed between 5pm on thursday and 3pm saturday will be delivered on monday by 12noon. orders placed after 3pm saturday will be delivered on tuesday by 12noon. uk standard delivery including channel islands £3.95/€4.95 or free for orders over £150/€150. monday to friday service delivered between 7.30am and 6.00pm excluding weekends. orders delivered within 2-4 working days, outlying areas may take longer. all orders on a standard service are delivered by dpd. orders to channel islands: uk vat will not be charged, however our global selling price will remain the same. to return your order, you can create a free trackable freepost label through royal mail’s online returns portal. uk saturday delivery including morning services £9.95/€9.95 for all orders. delivery between 9am-5pm, excluding public holidays. order up until 5pm friday for our saturday delivery service for uk and northern ireland. orders placed after 5pm friday will be delivered the following saturday. dpd will deliver orders placed up until 5pm on friday for our saturday service. uk saturday 10:30am delivery delivery between 9am-5pm, excluding public holidays. orders placed before 5pm on friday will be delivered by 10.30am on saturday. orders placed after 5pm friday will be delivered the following saturday by 10.30am. uk saturday 12 noon delivery delivery between 9am-5pm, excluding public holidays. orders placed before 5pm on friday will be delivered by 12noon on saturday. orders placed after 5pm friday will be delivered the following saturday by 12noon. uk sunday delivery £9.95/€9.95 for all orders. delivery between 9am-5pm, excluding public holidays. orders placed before 3pm on saturday will be delivered on sunday. orders placed after 3pm on saturday will be delivered the following sunday. delivery to european destinations £9.95/€9.95 or free for orders over £150/€150. monday to friday service delivered between 9am-5pm excluding weekends and public holidays. orders will arrive within 3-5 working days, outlying areas may take longer. allow up to 10 working days for delivery to greece and greek islands. we ship outside of the eu on a delivery duty unpaid (ddu) basis. prices are exclusive of all taxes and duties. uk vat is not charged. delivery to international destinations £24.95/€24.95 or free for orders over £300/€300. monday to friday service delivered between 9am-5pm excluding weekends and public holidays. orders will arrive within 5-7 working days, outlying areas may take longer. we ship outside of the eu on a delivery duty unpaid (ddu) basis. prices are exclusive of all taxes and duties. uk vat is not charged. we deliver to po boxes in the following countries: saudi arabia, bahrain, iran, iraq, jordan, kuwait, oman, qatar, united arab emirates. it is essential for successful delivery that a valid contact name and consignee telephone number is provided. please note for orders delivered to belarus, we can, deliver to minsk airport only. dhl on demand: allsaints now offers on demand delivery (odd) via our shipping partner, dhl for international delivery destinations. the service allows you to have complete control over your shipment while it is on its way to you, giving you the option to make changes online based on your individual requirements. enter your mobile number at checkout to receive an sms notification after your order has been dispatched. simply follow the link provided and choose from a range of options including: rescheduling your delivery for a nominated day placing your shipment on hold if you are away from home arranging to collect your order from a dhl service point australia from 1 july 2018, australian goods and services tax will be included in the product price for all transactions where you pay aud $1,000 or less for your basket. for deliveries to australia over the value of aud $1,000, we operate on a ddu (delivered duty unpaid) basis. this means that: product prices for such destinations are exclusive of all taxes and duties, including uk vat; you will be responsible for payment of any customs clearance expenses, import duties, sales taxes, brokerage fees and any other similar charges or fees imposed by the customs authorities of the destination country. payment of these will be necessary in order to release your items from customs on arrival. please note that we have no control over these charges and cannot predict their amount or offer a refund in the event that you are unable or unwilling to pay these charges; you are responsible for providing any information required by the customs authorities of the destination country to ensure the goods are cleared. we recommend you contact the customs authorities of the destination country to determine a landed cost price for the items prior to placing an order and what information will be required to obtain release of the items from customs. gulf cooperation council countries dhl carry our deliveries to gulf cooperation council destinations, you'll receive a tracking number once your order leaves our distribution centre for use on the dhl website. dhl deliver to po box addresses in the gulf cooperation council countries. it is essential for successful delivery that a valid contact name and consignee telephone number is provided. a copy of the following documents must be provided to dhl when shipments arrive to the destinations below: saudi arabia - saudi national id or valid resident permit (iqama) bahrain - civil population registration (cpr or id card) qatar - qatar identification number (qid) china in line with the required customs clearance procedure you will be charged vat, duty and a brokerage fee. these charges vary across each gateway and vat/duty are calculated based on the type of goods and value of goods and cost of transportation. please note smaller orders of lesser value may incur lower vat and duty charges. business to customer (b2c) orders over £100/$147 needs to be received via brokerage agency and are subject to formal customs clearance fees. dhl will undertake all customs clearance procedures on behalf of the customer and facilitate appointing an export broker. as the importer of record you may need to provide identification and order details to dhl in order to receive your order. russia the federal customs service of russia calculates customs fees based on the total value of goods imported by each customer within a one month period. we recommend that you keep track of the orders you place, as in a small number of areas in russia, if you exceed the monthly import threshold amount, your purchase will be sent back to us. for more information please contact your local customs office. our shipping partner will contact you via sms message or email and ask you to provide necessary documentation. a copy of your passport a passenger declaration - please collect from your local customs office a copy of your order confirmation a power of attorney signed by the importer electronically on the web-portal a copy of proof of payment - i.e. a bank statement the original importers guarantee letter. americas for shipments to america from our uk or eu websites, please note that we ship on a ddu basis. in line with the increase in duty free allowance, orders under the new $800 threshold will not be subject to tax and customs. orders to canada will be subject to relevant tax and custom fees for orders over $cad20. contact your local customs office for further details. to ship to south america please visit us.allsaints.com where you can take advantage of regional shipping options and pay in usd($). turkey no duty will be charged for orders under €75. our courier will contact you for this information once your order arrives in turkey. please note there are shipping restrictions on furs. contact your local customs office for further details. high value parcels may be delayed for additional checks at customs. for orders over €75, you will be asked to provide one of the below: tr id number (if you are a turkish citizen) vat number (for deliveries to a company address) passport number (non-residents) delivery to alternate addresses delivery to po box: dhl deliver to po boxes in the following countries: bahrain, iran, iraq, jordan, kuwait, oman, qatar, united arab emirates. it is essential for successful delivery that a valid contact name and consignee telephone number is provided. delivery to bfpo: dpd will ship bfpo orders to raf northolt for distribution within the internal network which may be subject to delays. please be sure to include your full name and personnel information at checkout. uk orders: for your security dpd do not currently deliver to po boxes, amazon lockers, or packstations. please click to download yourdpd app in order to set your own personal delivery preferences. international orders: you’ll receive an sms and email notification after your order has been dispatched, follow the link provided and choose from a range of flexible delivery options. customs, tax and duties for deliveries within the eu: we operate on a delivered duty paid basis. this means that all import taxes and duties, as well as applicable vat, will be included in the price of the goods in your order. deliveries outside the eu (including the channel islands, excluding australia): we operate on a delivered duty unpaid basis. this means that any outstanding import duties, clearance fees, brokerage fees or any other additional charges are the responsibility of our customer and have to be paid on delivery of your order. uk vat will not be charged for international orders. these charges are set by the customs authorities of the destination country and you may also need to provide additional information to clear your order. please contact your local customs authority for more information. deliveries to australia from 1 july 2018, australian goods and services tax will be included in the product price for all transactions where you pay aud $1,000 or less for your basket. for deliveries to australia over the value of aud $1,000, we operate on a ddu (delivered duty unpaid) basis. this means that: product prices for such destinations are exclusive of all taxes and duties, including uk vat; you will be responsible for payment of any customs clearance expenses, import duties, sales taxes, brokerage fees and any other similar charges or fees imposed by the customs authorities of the destination country. payment of these will be necessary in order to release your items from customs on arrival. please note that we have no control over these charges and cannot predict their amount or offer a refund in the event that you are unable or unwilling to pay these charges; you are responsible for providing any information required by the customs authorities of the destination country to ensure the goods are cleared. we recommend you contact the customs authorities of the destination country to determine a landed cost price for the items prior to placing an order and what information will be required to obtain release of the items from customs. tax free shopping: tax free shopping is only available on purchases made in standalone allsaints stores in the uk and eu, please ask in store for details. indirect taxes (including vat) charged on online purchases cannot be refunded. shipping restrictions & exclusions once you enter your shipping address at checkout, we will present the delivery services available to you based on your location. exclusions uk next business day, saturday & sunday services: delivery to these post codes may take 2-4 business days. ab31 - ab35, ab36 - ab38, ab41 - ab54, ab55 - ab56, bt1-94 (sunday service), fk17 - fk21, g83-g84, gy9, hs1 - hs9, im, iv, je, ka27, ka28, kw0 - kw14, kw15 - kw17, pa20, pa78, ph15 - ph18, ph19 - ph29, ph32 - ph33, ph45 - ph48, ph30 - ph31, ph34 - ph44, ph49 - ph99, tr21-25, ze, bfpo. uk morning services: delivery to these post codes may take 2-4 business days: ab10 - ab16, ab21 - ab30, ab31 - ab35, ab36 - ab38, ab41 - ab54, ab55 - ab56, bt1-94 (10.30am service) bt11-94 (12noon service), dd1 - dd9, fk17 - fk21, g83 - g84 , gy9, hs1 - hs9, im, iv, je, ka27, ka28, kw0 - kw14, kw15 - kw17, ky8 - ky10, ky14 - ky16 pa20, pa78, ph1 - ph14, ph15 - ph18, ph19 - ph29, ph32 - ph33, ph45 - ph48, ph30 - ph31, ph34 - ph44, ph49 - ph99, tr21-25, ze, bfpo. next business day morning services: the below scottish postcodes will be delivered 30 minutes later: dg1 - dg9 , eh1 - eh99, fk1 - fk16, g1 - g82, ka1 - ka30, ky1 - ky7 1, ky11 - ky13, ky99, ml1 - ml12, pa1 - pa19, td1 - td 15 store sourced items: store sourced items will be delivered separately within 3-5 working days, including amazon and amazon prime orders. please allow an additional 4 days for international delivery. you will be advised if an item is coming from a store during the checkout process. orders with multiple items may be dispatched from both our distribution centre and an allsaints store. you will receive a separate dispatch confirmation email and tracking number for each shipment. delivery from our distribution centre will be under the service you selected. restrictions delivery to russia: ups are able to ship to the following locations in russia only. any locations not listed are undeliverable by ups. moscow (including postcodes 140000-144012 in moscow oblast), nizhniy novgorod (including nizhegorodskaya oblast), krasnodar (including krsnodar oblast), novorossiysk, sochi, stavropol (including stavropol oblast), st. petersburg (including leningrad oblast), khabarovsk (including khabarovsk oblast), blagoveschensk and vladivostok. arkhangelsk, astrakhan, belgorod, bryansk, chelyabinsk, chita, irkutsk, ivanovo, izhevsk, kaluga, kazan, kemerovo, kostroma, krasnoyarsk, lipetsk, murmansk, naberezhyne chelny, novgorod, novokuznetsk, novosibirsk, novy urengoy, omsk, orel, orenburg, perm, pskov, pyatigorsk, rostov-on-don, ryazan, samara, saratov, smolensk, surgut, tambov, togliatti, tuapse, tula, tver, tyumen, ufa, ulyanovsk, vladimir, volgograd, voronezh, vyborg, yaroslavl and yekaterinburg. shipping to south america: we ship to south america from the us only, therefore we recommend you place order from our us site www.us.allsaints.com. please click here for more information. exotic skins: due to international trading agreements and regulations allsaints must adhere to specific shipping restrictions. we are unable to ship exotic skins outside the eu. in addition, we are required by eu regulation to obtain a cites (convention on international trade in endangered species of wild fauna and flora) permit before items made from exotic skins can be shipped. this may cause a delay in processing your order. for further information, please contact customer experience. fragrances: due to shipping restrictions we are unable to ship orders containing allsaints fragrance by air transportation. international, canadian and some next day destinations will be excluded. please select a uk or us domestic address or remove fragrance from your basket. shipping footwear to mexico: if your order contains footwear, you must hire a licensed broker to clear customs. dhl restrictions: dhl currently do not ship to turkmenistan and gaza strip. delivery to po box: dhl deliver to po boxes in the following countries only: bahrain, iran, iraq, jordan, kuwait, oman, qatar, united arab emirates. it is essential for successful delivery that a valid contact name and consignee telephone number is provided. delivery to belarus: please note for orders delivered to belarus, we can, deliver to minsk airport only. returns & exchanges allsaints online returns & exchange policy for a full refund, please return your online order in its original condition to our distribution centre within 14 days of receiving. this applies to full price and sale purchases. uk domestic orders will include a free returns label unless your order contains a fragrance product. exchange your purchase for a different colour variation or size within 28 days of purchase. you can also exchange for a gift card. returns will be processed within 48 hours, this may vary during busier periods. items received outside of our 28 day return period will be returned to you. allow 5-10 working days for refunded payments to appear in your account. if your payment was made using both a gift card and credit card, we’ll refund your gift card first. to protect your purchase, a selection of our dresses and leathers are tagged and refunds will only be offered if this tag remains attached when returned. dress returns received without the tag attached will either be exchanged or returned to the customer. please note, we monitor the number of returns made by customers and continued returns will be flagged and potentially refused at our discretion or lead to the closure of your allsaints account. return in store return your online order to any allsaints store that trades in the same currency for an exchange or gift card only within 28 days (excluding global department stores and physical outlets). we are unable to refund online orders in stores. exchanged items must be in their original condition, and accompanied by a copy of your original invoice. if you exchange your online purchase in store you fall under the store’s return policy for further exchanges. your statutory rights are not affected. fragrance returns for health and hygiene reasons we are unable to exchange or refund fragrances once the original packaging and cellophane wrap has been opened or the product has been used. uk orders will not include free returns labels if your purchase included a fragrance due to strict shipping legislation surrounding the transportation of flammable substances. our current uk returns service does not support this. please contact customer experience to arrange a collection for your fragrance and facilitate a return to our distribution center. swimwear and underwear returns to return swimwear and underwear it must be unused with complete original packaging. handbag returns to return your handbag please wrap carefully in the original dust bag to prevent any damage during shipping. when examining your handbag please be mindful not to scratch or mark the product. cancellation alternatively, if you are a uk or european customer, you may cancel your order and return any item to us in accordance with the consumer contracts regulations 2013. please see our terms and conditions for further details. allsaints store returns policy refunds: please bring your receipt and the item in its original condition, back within 14 days for a refund via your original form of payment or gift card. we are unable to refund online orders in stores. concession purchases are to be returned according to the department stores own policy. outlet store purchases can be returned to an outlet store for an exchange only. exchanges: items purchased in an allsaints store or allsaints.com can be exchanged in any store (excluding outlets and concessions) trading in the same currency within 28 days. concessions and physical outlet stores: purchases made in department store concessions should be returned or exchanged in accordance with the department store’s own return and exchange policy. purchases made in our physical outlet stores can only be exchanged for a gift card or alternate style in a physical outlet store within 14 days. we are unable to refund outlet store purchases. please note that online orders and purchases from mainline stores cannot be returned or exchanged in concession and physical outlet stores. your statutory rights are not affected. how to return an online order return your online order to our distribution centre within 14 days of receiving your order for a full refund. exchange or receive a gift card within 28 days. exchange for different colour or size of the same style. for security reasons we are unable to accept hand-carried returns to our distribution centre. returns address: allsaints website returns, unit 6, new hythe business park, bellingham way, larkfield, aylesford, me20 6sq, united kingdom return to distribution centre: uk returns: complete your returns form, apply the royal mail freepost label to the front of the parcel and drop off at your nearest post office. please keep your postage receipt for your own security. if you didn’t receive a return form you can include a written note with your name, order number and request instead. you can also create a new trackable freepost label through royal mail’s online returns portal. please contact the customer experience team if royal mail do not accept your parcel due to size or weight restrictions and a stylist will be happy to help you. alternatively, if you are a uk or european customer, you may cancel your order and return any item to us in accordance with the consumer contracts regulations 2013. please see our terms and conditions for further details. your unwanted items are your responsibility until they reach our warehouse. we recommend that you retain your proof of postage. international returns: you can return your order using any trackable postal service; you'll need to cover the postage costs yourself. please mark your parcel as ‘returned goods’ to avoid being charged any further duties. if you didn’t receive a return form you can include a written note with your name, order number and request instead. alternatively, if you are a european customer, you may cancel your order and return any item to us in accordance with the consumer contracts regulations 2013. please see our terms and conditions for further details. please return your order to the above address. for security reasons we are unable to accept hand carried returns to our distribution centre. return to store: return your online order to any allsaints store for an exchange or gift card only within 28 days (excluding global department stores and outlets). please note that stores aren't able to offer a refund for online orders. exchanged items must be in their original condition, and accompanied by a copy of your original invoice. if you exchange your online purchase in store you fall under the store’s return policy for further exchanges. your statutory rights are not affected. processing time for returns, exchanges and refunds uk returns made using the royal mail freepost label may take up to 3-4 working days to pass through the medway depot and be delivered to our distribution centre. track your parcel online using the royal mail track and trace service. international returns may take 5-10 working days to be delivered to us depending on origin. we advise that you use a trackable service for your return. returns will be processed within 72 hours after receipt at our distribution centre, this may vary during busy periods. allow 5-10 working days for refunds to appear in your account depending on your bank. for international exchanges, please allow up to 10 working days for the exchange to be delivered. uk orders: your delivery costs will not be refunded if you cancel your order post dispatch and use our free uk returns service as the free returns service is provided in place of reimbursement of the original delivery charges. europe and international orders: your delivery costs will be refunded if you cancel post dispatch as we do not offer a free returns service for international orders. delivery costs refund: delivery costs will be refunded in the following circumstances: if you cancel your order before dispatch. if you return a faulty item. if we cancel your order due to stock availability. if you choose to cancel your order under the consumer contracts regulations (in which case we will refund you the value of our least expensive /standard delivery method). please see our terms and conditions for more information on how to cancel under the consumer contracts regulations. please note that if you cancel your order under the consumer contracts regulations you will not be able to use our free returns service but will have to pay the cost of returning the item to us. will customs, duties and sales taxes be refunded if i return my order? orders delivered within the eu: if your order has been sent to a destination within the eu, all sales taxes will be refunded. orders delivered outside the eu (other than australia): if your order has been sent to a destination outside the eu, customs duties and sales taxes are non-refundable through allsaints. however, you may be able to recover these by contacting your local customs bureau directly. as this may not be available for all countries, we recommend that you hire a customs broker if you wish to claim back duties on returned merchandise. please note that refunds can take up to 10 working days to show on your account due to varying processing times between payment providers. orders delivered to australia: from 1 july 2018, if your order has been sent to australia and you have paid aud $1,000 or less for your basket, all sales taxes will be refunded. if your order has been sent to australia and you have paid more than aud $1,000 for your basket, customs duties and sales taxes are non-refundable through allsaints. however, you may be able to recover these by contacting your local customs bureau directly. as this may not be available for all countries, we recommend that you hire a customs broker if you wish to claim back duties on returned merchandise. please note that refunds can take up to 10 working days to show on your account due to varying processing times between payment providers. what are the consumer contracts regulations and how do they apply to me? the consumer contracts regulations are in place to protect your rights. you have 14 days from the date you receive your order to cancel it. email us at ask@allsaints.com with your name and order number and we’ll take it from there. for further details on how to cancel your order and return an item to us in accordance with the consumer contracts regulations 2013, please see clause 8 of our terms and conditions for further details. sign up for email updates on the latest allsaints collections, campaigns and exclusive offers. thank you! you will start to receive your emails shortly. sign up to receive exclusive updates on our new collections and special offers. to improve your experience we may; profile, segment, test, analyse and model your details. you can unsubscribe at any time via the link in your emails. please refer to our privacy policy for further details. women men information contact us delivery returns & exchange faqs size guide careers the allsaints app stores terms & conditions privacy policy accessibility tax strategy modern slavery act site map follow us instagram facebook twitter youtube pinterest google + copyright © 2019 allsaints all rights reserved by using this site you agree to our cookie policy.