来源URL: https://web.archive.org/web/20191231165502/https://www.allsaints.com/help-and-support/shipping-and-faqs/
================================================================================

allsaints uk: faqs and delivery & returns information. sign up to receive exclusive updates on our new collections and special offers. to improve your experience we may; profile, segment, test, analyse and model your details. you can unsubscribe at any time via the link in your emails. please refer to our privacy policy for further details. 15% off your first order new to allsaints? sign up to our emails for 15% off full-price styles (excludes sale) in your first order. your exclusive code will be with you in minutes. email input women men menu english (£) close get the best experience change to your country's website for localised options and currencies. please note: changing countries will empty your basket. 如您填寫的訂單收件地點為中國香港及台灣等需要以國際物流寄送之地區則需自行負擔可能產生之關稅及匯差等相關費用。 change region stay on current site shopping bag (0) your bag is empty total £0 view shopping bag continue shopping menu country selector change to your country's website for localised options and currencies. please note: changing countries will empty your basket deutsch (€) français (€) español (€) italiano (€) english (eu) (€) english (ie) (€) english ($) español ($) canadian (c$) 한국어 (₩) 日本 (¥) 台灣 (ntd.) english (£) sign in deutsch (eur / €) français (eur / €) español (eur / €) italiano (eur / €) english (eu) (eur / €) english (ie) (eur / €) english (usd / $) español (usd / $) canadian (cad / c$) 한국어 (krw / ₩) 日本 (jpy / ¥) 台灣 (ntd / ntd.) sale women all sale: 50% off dresses coats & jackets leather jackets knitwear t-shirts & sweatshirts tops & shirts jeans & trousers skirts & shorts handbags & accessories boots & shoes men all sale: 50% off coats & jackets shirts ramskull leather jackets knitwear t-shirts & sweatshirts polos jeans & trousers bags & accessories boots & shoes free uk delivery on orders over £150 & uk returns women shop all sale: 50% off new arrivals best sellers jewellery fragrance gift cards outlet more styles added clothing dresses leather jackets coats & jackets knitwear tailoring hoodies & sweatshirts jeans tops & shirts t-shirts skirts trousers & leggings shoes & accessories all shoes all accessories jewellery watches handbags beanies scarves gloves belts wallets stories all stories la sessions: charlotte lawrence not for sale: free 2 play #allsaints free uk delivery on orders over £150 & uk returns men shop all sale: 50% off new arrivals best sellers watches fragrance ramskull gift cards outlet more styles added clothing shirts leather jackets coats & jackets t-shirts knitwear hoodies & sweatshirts tailoring jeans trousers polos shorts shoes & accessories all shoes all accessories watches bags hats & beanies scarves gloves belts wallets stories all stories la sessions: charlotte lawrence feature: watches not for sale: free 2 play #allsaints free uk delivery on orders over £150 & uk returns search skip to content currency sign in wishlist bag when autocomplete results are available use up and down arrows to review and enter to select. touch device users, explore by touch or with swipe gestures. sign in log in or register to save your wishlist added to wishlist when autocomplete results are available use up and down arrows to review and enter to select. touch device users, explore by touch or with swipe gestures. by using this site you agree to our cookie policy. when autocomplete results are available use up and down arrows to review and enter to select. touch device users, explore by touch or with swipe gestures. women's sale shop all sale: 50% off dresses coats & jackets leather jackets knitwear t-shirts & sweatshirts tops & shirts jeans & trousers skirts & shorts handbags & accessories boots & shoes men's sale shop all sale: 50% off coats & jackets shirts ramskull leather jackets knitwear t-shirts & sweatshirts polos jeans & trousers bags & accessories boots & shoes women shop all sale: 50% off new arrivals best sellers jewellery fragrance gift cards outlet more styles added clothing dresses leather jackets coats & jackets knitwear tailoring hoodies & sweatshirts jeans tops & shirts t-shirts skirts trousers & leggings shoes & accessories all shoes all accessories jewellery watches handbags beanies scarves gloves belts wallets stories all stories la sessions: charlotte lawrence not for sale: free 2 play #allsaints men shop all sale: 50% off new arrivals best sellers watches fragrance ramskull gift cards outlet more styles added clothing shirts leather jackets coats & jackets t-shirts knitwear hoodies & sweatshirts tailoring jeans trousers polos shorts shoes & accessories all shoes all accessories watches bags hats & beanies scarves gloves belts wallets stories all stories la sessions: charlotte lawrence feature: watches not for sale: free 2 play #allsaints english (£) my account sign in popular questions how do i care for my watch & jewellery? watches due to the complex integration of parts within the timepiece, it is important to avoid the below conditions. a watch should never be worn in a sauna, a shower or a bath as hot water may damage its water-resistance seals. if your watch is exposed to salt water, rinse the timepiece with fresh water to prevent the salt from damaging water-resistance seals. avoid extreme conditions, heat, cold, exposure to wet conditions, sunlight and direct contact with perfume or cologne. we do not have the facilities in our allsaints stores to repair watches or remove links. for link removal, you can use one of our authorised service centres or a watch centre of your choice. link changes do not affect your warranty. in order to make a claim under your allsaints warranty please review the instructions and fill the online form located here selecting the region you live in to determine the service centre to send your watch to. for more information on how to return or care for our watches, please see here. jewellery avoid contact with chemicals, cosmetics, perfume, salt, water, chlorine, creams, hair spray and detergent. do not wear during sports activities, bathing, showering, swimming etc. if jewellery gets wet ensure it dries properly. wipe with a soft dry cloth before putting into the pouch. please take great care when using any beauty products when wearing allsaints garments, as discolouration can occur due to the chemicals/bleaching agents in these products. do you personalise gift cards or offer a gift wrap service? depending on the size of your order, your parcel may arrive in a polybag envelope or in our branded box. all gift cards are packaged in an allsaints gift box and shipped on a tracked service. please note we do not currently offer a designated gift wrapping, gift messaging or gift receipt service. how do i redeem a promotional code? enter the code in the promotional code box on the payment page and click 'submit'. if the code isn’t working, place your order and contact customer experience with your order number. how do i redeem a gift card? to redeem a gift card proceed through the check out, select your delivery option and then click "purchase securely". you can redeem your gift card at the review stage of your order. you are able to redeem up to 6 gift cards per transaction across our websites, excluding our mobile app. if you are having an issue redeeming your gift card, contact customer experience. for security purposes you must be able to provide us with the full gift card number as well as the pin number. do you hold my items in the basket? we do not reserve your items in your basket and advise you check out swiftly to secure your purchase. do you offer a price adjustment? we offer a one-time price adjustment if an item is reduced in price within 14 days from date of purchase. please be aware that the exact style and size of an item must be available for purchase at the time of your request the price adjustment credit will be issued to your original form of payment. online purchase to receive a price adjustment please contact customer experience with your order number, the product name and the current selling price available on www.allsaints.com store purchases please visit your allsaints store to request a price adjustment with your original receipt. faqs delivery for more information, please see the full 'delivery' section below. returns for more information, please see the full 'returns & exchanges' section below. online ordering do i need an account to place an order? you’re able to set up an allsaints account or check out as a guest or amazon pay (uk, us and germany only). i've forgotten my password: click the forgotten password link under our login section to reset your password or continue shopping. i checked out as a guest, how do i track my order?: you will receive a dispatch confirmation email with the tracking number enclosed. can i place an order by telephone? yes, we use a secure pci compliant telephone system. we are able to process phone orders in the following currencies: gbp, eur, usd, and cad. how will my order be packaged? depending on the size of your order, your parcel may arrive in a polybag envelope or in our branded box. all gift cards are packaged in an allsaints gift box and shipped on a tracked service. please note we do not currently offer a designated gift wrapping or gift receipt service. can i change or cancel my order once it has been placed? you may change or cancel an order before we send you a dispatch email by contacting customer experience. if the order is dispatched please refuse the order at the point of delivery or send it back using your returns slip. how do i redeem a promotional code? enter the code in the promotional code box on the payment page and click 'submit'. if the code isn’t working, place your order and contact customer experience with your order number. how do i contact allsaints with any question? you can contact customer expericence herefor any general question or in relation with your order. please note that we now have a sms number in both the uk and us. you will not be charged by allsaints for using this service. however you will be charged for your text messages at your local tariff rate by your phone provider. why have i been asked to verify my details for my online order ? to protect our customers we regularly perform random security checks on online orders. if your order has been selected for review, you will be required to provide a bank authorisation code and/or utility bill so we can verify your details. this security policy is in place for your protection. allsaints app how do i download the allsaints app? the allsaints app is currently only available for apple iphone devices compatible with the itunes app store. simply open the ‘app store’ app on your device and search for ‘allsaints’. can i change the language and currency on the allsaints app? the allsaints app is currently only available in english in gbp and usd currencies. do i need to create an account to use the allsaints app? you can create a new account, log into your existing account, or check out as a guest. if i change my account details on the allsaints app will you save these updates? any changes in your account will be saved when you next sign into www.allsaints.com, however items in your wish list or basket will not be visible. what payment is accepted on the allsaints app? you can checkout using amazon pay, visa, mastercard, american express, solo, delta, maestro, prepaid visa cards, visa deferred debit and gbp and usd allsaints gift card. we do not currently offer paypal or other digital wallet payments on our app. you can also save your payment card details on the allsaints app only. are transactions made within the allsaints app secured? all transactions are secured - an ssl encryption system protects your personal and payment data. all payment details are encrypted with our payment provider, plus the option to secure any saved card details using your fingerprint with apple touch id (using iphone 5s or later) or with facial recognition using face id (using iphone x or later). how do i remove a saved card from my account? cards can be removed from the ‘account’ section of the app while logged in with your allsaints account. simply swipe left on a card and tap ‘delete’ to remove. are photos of my card stored when using the card scanning feature? no - we simply read the card details required for payment. the image is not saved and is deleted immediately after use. are any shipping types restricted on the allsaints app? yes, currently we are unable to offer our dpd pick-up service on any app orders and this will not be available at checkout. if i delete the app will all my order history be saved? all orders associated to your login will be recalled in your order history the next time you download the allsaints app and will also be available on the website. if you have checked out as a guest on the app your order will not be saved in your account. how do i turn off push notifications? you can choose not to enable push notifications when opening the app after downloading for the first time, or if you already have the app installed, all notifications can be managed under your device configuration. these can be disabled under: settings > notifications > allsaints > then switching the ‘allow notifications’ button to the ‘off’ state. how do i get updates for the allsaints app? updates can be downloaded from the app store whenever a new version is available, these will update automatically if you choose to enable automatic downloads. these can be enabled under: settings > itunes & app stores > then switching the ‘apps’ button to the ‘on’ state. payments & gift cards when will i be charged? when placing your order we carry out a standard pre-authorisation check on your payment card. payment will not be taken until your order has been dispatched. what payment methods & currencies do you accept? visa, mastercard, american express, solo, delta, maestro, prepaid visa cards, visa deferred debit, paypal, amazon payments and allsaints gift cards. we currently trade in gbp (£), eur (€), usd ($), won (₩) yen (y) cad ($) can i claim a tax refund on my order? tax charged on purchases made online cannot be recovered through the vat retail export scheme. however all store purchases are eligible for tax free shopping. if i paid with a gift card and credit card, which will be refunded first? the money is returned first to your gift card and then to the payment card as outlined in section 9.1 of our terms and conditions. if you paid with multiple gift cards, you will be refunded to the first gift card you entered at checkout, and then the remainder will be refunded onto the payment card. i’ve been refunded but no longer have my gift card? we advise our customers to keep their gift cards following a purchase in case of returns. if you no longer have the gift card you used to place the order, please contact our customer experience so we can help you. can i use multiple gift cards on an order? you are able to redeem upto 6 gift cards per transaction across our websites, excluding our mobile app. simply enter your 16 digit gift card number and the 4 digit pin and click apply. repeat the process until you have added all necessary gift cards. if you paid with multiple gift cards, you will be refunded to the first gift card you entered at checkout, and then the remainder will be refunded onto the payment card. do you personalise gift cards? we are unable to add a message to a gift card purchased online, however this is something we are working towards. why do you charge for gift card delivery? all gift cards are packaged in an allsaints gift box and shipped on a tracked service. can i resell my gift card? allsaints gift cards cannot be exchanged or refunded for cash. we are unable to accept gift cards which have been resold. price match policy what is the allsaints price match policy? from 20 november 2018, we are introducing a one-time price match offer. from this date, if you buy an item in an allsaints standalone store or online at www.allsaints.com, and we reduce that item in price within 14 days from the date of purchase, we will refund you the difference. at the time of your request to price match, the exact style, colour and size of your item must be in stock and available for purchase at a reduced price online at www.allsaints.com, or in allsaints standalone stores that trades in the same currency. the following conditions apply: this price match offer excludes items sold through outlets, department store concessions, auctions or third party websites, travel and dutyfree stores. the price adjustment credit will be issued to your original form of payment. you may only use this price match offer once against each qualifying item. delivery charges and any other charges and duties are excluded when calculating the original price of an item. we are unable to offer price adjustment on items originally purchased in a sale, using a voucher code or on any special promotion items that are temporarily reduced in price. how does it work for an online purchase? to receive a price adjustment please contact customer experience with your order number, the product name and the current selling price available on www.allsaints.com . how does it work for a store purchase? please visit any allsaints standalone stores, excluding outlet and department store concessions, to request a price adjustment with your original receipt. allsaints may withdraw this offer at any time at its sole discretion. shopping with amazon what is amazon prime & the benefits? amazon prime membership entitles you to free next day delivery on allsaints.com to uk prime members on orders shipped to a uk address with no minimum spend; as well as free returns. allsaints will take care of fulfilling your order and you’ll be charged on dispatch. as a signature is required for all allsaints deliveries, we do not ship to collection points such as amazon lockers. if you're having issues logging into your amazon account, please try resetting your amazon password. allsaints gift cards can be redeemed when purchasing through amazon pay, however we are currently unable to accept amazon gift cards. product & stock what is a store sourced item? a store sourced item is a product which has been fulfilled from one of our stores as no longer available at our distribution centre. store sourced items will be delivered separately within 3-5 working days, including amazon orders. please allow an additional 4 working days for international delivery. you will be advised if an item is coming from a store during the checkout process. when will an item will be back in stock? if your size is out of stock please register your interest on the product page and you’ll be contacted if we get the item back in stock via email. to check your local store availability please call customer experience or the store directly: here. where can i find size and fit information? refer to our size guide page for any size and fit information. our customer experience stylists are on hand 24/7 to offer style and fit advice and place your order by phone if you require further support. can you verify product authenticity? allsaints does not trade via ebay or any other auction website. we are not able to verify the authenticity or quality of any item sold on such a site under the allsaints brand name. how do i care for my allsaints items? see more information here. do you offer garment care advice for allsaints products? each garment has unique care instructions on the internal label. generally, we always advise to read and adhere to the care label and washing instructions before washing your clothes. the care label washing temperature is the highest permitted temperature. if you are unsure, always wash at a lower temperature rather than higher or hand wash. turn garment inside out before washing. watches are allsaints watches unisex? our allsaints watches are part of our menswear collection, but they look great on everyone. refer to the product details for measurements and wear it your way. can i return or exchange an allsaints watch? yes, our allsaints watches fall under our online and in store return guidelines. are allsaints watches suitable for customers with a nickel allergy? yes, our allsaints watches follow all international standards and are safe for those with a nickel allergy. my allsaints watch is not working? please check that the crown is pushed in. this is how the watch receives the power supply from the battery. do you ship allsaints watches internationally? yes our allsaints watches can be shipped internationally. how are allsaints watches packaged? our allsaints watches are packaged in a signature black branded watch box with the warranty details enclosed. how do i set the time, date and stopwatch? full instructions on how to set your watch are available here for all watch models. where are allsaints watches made? our allsaints watch parts are made in switzerland and assembled in thailand and china. how do i get the links changed on my allsaints watch band? allsaints doesn't offer a link change service in store, but you can use one of our authorised service centres or a watch centre of your choice. link changes do not affect your warranty. how long do the allsaints watch batteries last and how do i change them? the batteries have an average lifespan of 3-5 years depending on the movement, which can be replaced. we recommend that you have your battery changed at one of our authorised service centres. do the allsaints watches have a power saving mechanism? in order to extend the battery life of your watch when it’s not in use, gently pull the movement stem/crown out until you feel it click. this will reduce battery power consumption by 70%. please note that this is the same crown position that is used to perform a quick time setting. how do i make a claim under my warranty? in order to make a claim under your allsaints warranty, please review the instructions and fill out the online form, located here. please select the region you live in so as to determine the service centre to send your watch to. please package your watch securely including, the printed form and a copy of your proof of purchase to the authorised international service centre. if you have any questions please contact your regional authorised allsaints watch service centre here. how do i get my allsaints watch repaired or serviced outside my warranty? to request work not covered under your allsaints warranty, including link changes and battery replacements, please review the instructions and fill the online form located here. please select the region you live in so as to determine the service centre to send your watch to. please package your watch securely including, the printed form and a copy of your proof of purchase to the authorised international service centre. you will be notified of the cost and be charged by the service centre directly if required. if you have any questions please contact your selected service centre here. how do i clean my watch crystal, crown and band? clean the watch with a soft cloth and water only. do not submerge watch under water. after contact with saltwater, rinse watch under tap water and wipe dry with a soft cloth. metal bracelets should be cleaned periodically. clean with a soft brush dipped in mild soapy water and dry thoroughly with a soft cloth. can i buy additional bands or metal bracelets? we don't sell additional allsaints watch bands or bracelets. you can select alternative bands of your choice, that fit our universal measurement and spring bars. if you wish to change your watch band or bracelet, please note that you will need to source the replacement band or bracelet yourself and cover the cost of fitting at a service centre of your choice. can i return my watch to an allsaints store for repair or to have links removed? no, we do not have the facilities in our allsaints stores to repair watches or remove links. for link removal, you can use one of our authorised service centres or a watch centre of your choice. link changes do not affect your warranty. in order to make a claim under your allsaints warranty please review the instructions and fill the online form located here selecting the region you live in to determine the service centre to send your watch to. please package your watch securely and include the printed form and a copy of your proof of purchase to the authorised service centre. if you have any questions please contact your selected service centre here. are allsaints watches waterproof? no, our watches are not waterproof, however they are designed with a minimum water resistance rating of 5atm (100ft/50m). the water-resistance of a timepiece protects the movement from dust, moisture, and risk of damage to the movement should it be immersed in water. allsaints watches are suitable for light spray, perspiration and light rain. they are not suitable for swimming, showering, diving, or bathing. why is the chrono seconds hand not moving? a chronograph watch is used to measure time - it can be started, stopped and returned to zero by pressing the pusher buttons. the long center hand is actually the seconds counter of the chronograph timer. when you press the button a (top button above the crown), the seconds counter hand begins to count down. when you press button b (bottom button below the crown), the hands stops. this hand does not run automatically like a seconds hand. how do i care for my watch? due to the complex integration of parts within the timepiece, it is important to avoid the below conditions. a watch should never be worn in a sauna, a shower or a bath as hot water may damage its water-resistance seals. if your watch is exposed to salt water, rinse the timepiece with fresh water to prevent the salt from damaging water-resistance seals. avoid extreme conditions, heat, cold, exposure to wet conditions, sunlight and direct contact with perfume or cologne. for more information, please see the full care guide here. what is a gmt movement? the gmt (greenwich mean time) movement features a 24 hour hand that can be used to show a second time zone or to calculate the time in another part of the world. you can read the time by using the military 1-24 scale on the inner part of the topring. how do magnetic fields affect my timepiece? the exposure of your watch to strong magnetic fields, such as loudspeakers, tablets or smartphones, will affect its time keeping ability and may cause it to stop. our allsaints quartz watches will resume working with original accuracy when it is removed from the magnetic field. do i need to update the time on my watch for daylight savings? yes, you will need to update the time on your watch twice a year for daylight savings. our stores where’s my nearest store? you can search for your closest store via our store locator. can i return a department store concession purchase to an allsaints store? no. we are unable to accept returns from for allsaints items bought in department stores. all items purchased through one of our concessions would fall under the host store’s returns policy and should be returned to that store directly. do you offer click and collect? no, we are currently working towards offering this service. if you select delivery to one of our stores, we cannot accept liability for the parcel and may contact you to request an alternative address. can you transfer a product to my local store? this is not a service our network is currently able to support. however we can place an online order for home or business address delivery. can i shop tax free in your stores? you can shop tax free in any of our stores. department stores and franchises will have their own policy. however tax free shopping and refunds are not possible for online purchases. resolutions who do i contact if i’m unhappy with the service i’ve received? you can contact our customer experience. we welcome all feedback and will work with you to resolve your query. who do i contact if i have an issue which allsaints are unable to resolve? the european online dispute resolution platform provides information about alternative dispute resolution which may be of interest if there is a dispute about an online purchase which allsaints cannot resolve with our customer. for more information please contact customer experience. technical & website security i’m having trouble with your website, what do i do? clear your cookies, close your browser, reopen it and visit our site again. we also suggest that you use the latest version of your operating system provider e.g. windows, osx etc. if you’re still having problems, contact customer experience. is your website secure? all transactions are secured. the allsaints website is provided with an ssl encryption system to protect personal and payment data. please click here for more information: privacy policy ethical shopping are your products ethically sourced & manufactured? sourcing: allsaints products are made using ethical labour and materials. our vendors, suppliers and subcontractors are all obliged to sign our compliance manual based on the core conventions of the international labour organisation. the provisions of these conventions constitute the minimum and not the maximum standards all suppliers must meet in order to do business with allsaints. all animal derived products are from ethical vendors that ensure animals are treated humanely. it is our strong view and business policy that human or animal rights should never be compromised as a result of our business in any form. manufacturing: we have a code of conduct to ensure all employees that produce our products are treated ethically and fairly. we always seek to work with reputable and ethical suppliers globally and only engage vendors with transparent track records. we have established a narrow and select supplier base with whom we work very closely. as a result we have gained knowledge of their practices and collaborate with them on continuous improvements in process and standards. how do you procure exotic skins? allsaints is a member of the cites management authority (convention on international trade in endangered species of wild fauna and flora ) who require strict adherence to record keeping. this is a very rigorous system that ensures traceability, sustainability and best practice. we always seek to work with reputable and ethical suppliers globally. we only engage vendors with transparent track records. we have established a narrow and select supplier base with whom we work very closely. as a result we have knowledge of their practices and collaborate with them on continuous-improvements in process and standards. are allsaints fragrances tested on animals? allsaints fragrance are not tested on animals what is not for sale? allsaints supports the not for sale charitable organisation which protects people and communities from human trafficking. their work provides survivors and at-risk communities in nine countries with safety, stability, education and economic opportunities. gender pay gap gender pay gap legislation, under the equality act 2010, requires an employer with 250 employees or more to publish their gender pay gap for their employees. allsaints is extremely proud of its long track record of recruiting and retaining a diverse workforce from all backgrounds and walks of life, as reflected by the incredible 37 different nationalities currently employed in head office. treating our employees, customers and partners fairly and equally is at the core of our philosophy as a business, and we believe that this is reflected in the gender balance and pay within our company. allsaints is therefore pleased to present the following figures as at the snapshot date of 5 april 2018. dpd pick up what is dpd pick up? dpd pickup is a delivery service available in the uk only. it allows you to have your parcel delivered to your local dpd pickup shop. you’ll be notified by email & sms when your parcel is ready to collect, and you'll have up to 7 calendar days to collect at a time to suit you. please bring a photo id such as driving license or passport, and a pick-up pass such as the 2d code you receive from dpd or your utility bill. there are 2,500 dpd pickup shops in the uk with many offering extended opening times. locations include halfords, rowlands & numark pharmacy chains and doddle sites at key railway stations. simply select dpd pickup and choose a pickup shop from the list available at the checkout. dpd will provide tracking information as soon as your order leaves our warehouse. for more information, please click link here: dpd pick up faqs delivery free delivery on all uk orders over £150 & free uk returns. delivery to over 220 global destinations & premium shipping options available in uk. our couriers & tracking your order in order to offer a premium courier service dpd will ship all uk orders and multiple shipping partners will ship to european and international destinations. exclusions apply. please find our delivery services below: uk next business day including 10.30 and 12noon services uk saturday including 10.30 and 12noon services uk sunday uk standard europe & international. tracking your order: once your order has been dispatched, we’ll email you a tracking number so you can follow your order. uk orders: please click to download yourdpd app in order to set your own personal delivery preferences. dpd provide a 1 hour time slot for estimated arrival by sms and email. you’ll be able to select other ‘in flight’ options for your convenience. a signature is required for all uk domestic deliveries, with the exception of the ‘leave safe’ option available with our dpd in flight delivery services. if you're unavailable and haven’t requested a leave safe option, a card will be left with rearrangement details or delivered to a neighbour. international orders: you’ll receive an sms and email notification after your order has been dispatched, follow the link provided and choose from a range of flexible delivery options. ensure you enter your mobile number at checkout to receive an sms. dhl on demand delivery offers the following free delivery options: deliver my package on another day: scheduled delivery. deliver my package to another address: alternate delivery to work or family. deliver my package at a safe place: authorise shipment release. deliver my package with neighbour: leave with neighbour, reception or guard. deliver my package at a dhl service point: hold for collection. request my hold my package: vacation hold safekeeping up to 30 days. advanced duty collection: pre pay your custom charges prior to delivery. our shipping partners will leave a card so you know which neighbour your parcel has been delivered to. we’re currently unable to ship to collections points such as amazon lockers and collect plus. uk next business day including morning services £4.95/€5.95 or free for orders over £150/€150 and amazon prime members. monday to friday service delivered between 8am and 8pm excluding weekends and bank holidays. orders placed before 5pm monday to thursday will be delivered next business day. orders placed between 5pm on thursday and 3pm saturday will be delivered on monday. orders placed after 3pm saturday will be delivered on tuesday. dpd 10.30am next business day £9.95/€9.95 for all orders monday to friday service delivered between 8am and 10.30am excluding weekends. orders placed before 5pm monday to thursday will be delivered by 10.30am next business day. orders placed between 5pm on thursday and 3pm saturday will be delivered on monday by 10.30am. orders placed after 3pm saturday will be delivered on tuesday by 10.30am. dpd 12 noon next business day £9.95/€9.95 for all orders monday to friday service delivered between 8am and 12noon excluding weekends. orders placed before 5pm monday to thursday will be delivered by 12noon next business day. orders placed between 5pm on thursday and 3pm saturday will be delivered on monday by 12noon. orders placed after 3pm saturday will be delivered on tuesday by 12noon. uk standard delivery including channel islands £3.95/€4.95 or free for orders over £150/€150. monday to friday service delivered between 8am and 8pm excluding weekends and bank holidays. orders delivered within 2-4 working days, outlying areas may take longer. all orders on a standard service are delivered by dpd. orders to channel islands: uk vat will not be charged, however our global selling price will remain the same. to return your order, you can create a free trackable freepost label through royal mail’s online returns portal. uk saturday delivery including morning services £9.95/€9.95 for all orders. delivery between 8am-5pm, excluding public holidays. order up until 5pm friday for our saturday delivery service for uk and northern ireland. orders placed after 5pm friday will be delivered the following saturday. dpd will deliver orders placed up until 5pm on friday for our saturday service. uk saturday 10:30am delivery delivery between 8am-10.30am, excluding public holidays. orders placed before 5pm on friday will be delivered by 10.30am on saturday. orders placed after 5pm friday will be delivered the following saturday by 10.30am. uk saturday 12 noon delivery delivery between 8am-12noon, excluding public holidays. orders placed before 5pm on friday will be delivered by 12noon on saturday. orders placed after 5pm friday will be delivered the following saturday by 12noon. uk sunday delivery £9.95/€9.95 for all orders. delivery between 8am-5pm, excluding public holidays. orders placed before 3pm on saturday will be delivered on sunday. orders placed after 3pm on saturday will be delivered the following sunday. delivery to european destinations £9.95/€9.95 or free for orders over £150/€150. monday to friday service delivered between 9am-5pm excluding weekends and public holidays. orders will arrive within 3-5 working days, outlying areas may take longer. allow up to 10 working days for delivery to greece and greek islands. we ship outside of the eu on a delivery duty unpaid (ddu) basis. prices are exclusive of all taxes and duties. uk vat is not charged. delivery to international destinations £24.95/€24.95 or free for orders over £300/€300. monday to friday service delivered between 9am-5pm excluding weekends and public holidays. orders will arrive within 5-7 working days, outlying areas may take longer. we ship outside of the eu on a delivery duty unpaid (ddu) basis. prices are exclusive of all taxes and duties. uk vat is not charged. we deliver to po boxes in the following countries: saudi arabia, bahrain, iran, iraq, jordan, kuwait, oman, qatar, united arab emirates. it is essential for successful delivery that a valid contact name and consignee telephone number is provided. please note for orders delivered to belarus, we can, deliver to minsk airport only. dhl on demand: allsaints now offers on demand delivery (odd) via our shipping partner, dhl for international delivery destinations. the service allows you to have complete control over your shipment while it is on its way to you, giving you the option to make changes online based on your individual requirements. dhl on demand delivery offers the following free delivery options: deliver my package on another day: scheduled delivery. deliver my package to another address: alternate delivery to work or family. deliver my package at a safe place: authorise shipment release. deliver my package with neighbour: leave with neighbour, reception or guard. deliver my package at a dhl service point: hold for collection. request my hold my package: vacation hold safekeeping up to 30 days. advanced duty collection: pre pay your custom charges prior to delivery. enter your mobile number at checkout to receive an sms notification after your order has been dispatched. simply follow the link provided and choose from a range of options including: rescheduling your delivery for a nominated day placing your shipment on hold if you are away from home arranging to collect your order from a dhl service point australia from 1 july 2018, australian goods and services tax will be included in the product price for all transactions where you pay aud $1,000 or less for your basket. for deliveries to australia over the value of aud $1,000, we operate on a ddu (delivered duty unpaid) basis. this means that: product prices for such destinations are exclusive of all taxes and duties, including uk vat; you will be responsible for payment of any customs clearance expenses, import duties, sales taxes, brokerage fees and any other similar charges or fees imposed by the customs authorities of the destination country. payment of these will be necessary in order to release your items from customs on arrival. please note that we have no control over these charges and cannot predict their amount or offer a refund in the event that you are unable or unwilling to pay these charges; you are responsible for providing any information required by the customs authorities of the destination country to ensure the goods are cleared. we recommend you contact the customs authorities of the destination country to determine a landed cost price for the items prior to placing an order and what information will be required to obtain release of the items from customs. gulf cooperation council countries dhl carry our deliveries to gulf cooperation council destinations, you'll receive a tracking number once your order leaves our distribution centre for use on the dhl website. dhl deliver to po box addresses in the gulf cooperation council countries. it is essential for successful delivery that a valid contact name and consignee telephone number is provided. a copy of the following documents must be provided to dhl when shipments arrive to the destinations below: saudi arabia - saudi national id or valid resident permit (iqama) bahrain - civil population registration (cpr or id card) qatar - qatar identification number (qid) china in line with the required customs clearance procedure you will be charged vat, duty and a brokerage fee. these charges vary across each gateway and vat/duty are calculated based on the type of goods and value of goods and cost of transportation. please note smaller orders of lesser value may incur lower vat and duty charges. business to customer (b2c) orders over £100/$147 needs to be received via brokerage agency and are subject to formal customs clearance fees. dhl will undertake all customs clearance procedures on behalf of the customer and facilitate appointing an export broker. as the importer of record you may need to provide identification and order details to dhl in order to receive your order. taiwan from 06 may 2019 taiwan custom authorities will now ask individual consignees to provide a power of attorney (poa) for shipments that are valued below twd $50,000 / usd $1,613. consignees are advised to use the "real name authentication platform" to register and send an electronic poa. customs will accept a hard copy of the poa provided it is faxed to customs when requested. it is important that this guidance is followed within 7 days or the shipments will be returned to their origin. russia the federal customs service of russia calculates customs fees based on the total value of goods imported by each customer within a one month period. we recommend that you keep track of the orders you place, as in a small number of areas in russia, if you exceed the monthly import threshold amount, your purchase will be sent back to us. for more information please contact your local customs office. our shipping partner will contact you via sms message or email and ask you to provide necessary documentation. a copy of your passport a passenger declaration - please collect from your local customs office a copy of your order confirmation a power of attorney signed by the importer electronically on the web-portal a copy of proof of payment - i.e. a bank statement the original importers guarantee letter. americas for shipments to america from our uk or eu websites, please note that we ship on a ddu basis. in line with the increase in duty free allowance, orders under the new $800 threshold will not be subject to tax and customs. orders to canada will be subject to relevant tax and custom fees for orders over $cad20. contact your local customs office for further details. to ship to south america please visit us.allsaints.com where you can take advantage of regional shipping options and pay in usd($). turkey no duty will be charged for orders under €75. our courier will contact you for this information once your order arrives in turkey. please note there are shipping restrictions on furs. contact your local customs office for further details. high value parcels may be delayed for additional checks at customs. for orders over €75, you will be asked to provide one of the below: tr id number (if you are a turkish citizen) vat number (for deliveries to a company address) passport number (non-residents) delivery to alternate addresses delivery to po box: dhl deliver to po boxes in the following countries: bahrain, iran, iraq, jordan, kuwait, oman, qatar, united arab emirates. it is essential for successful delivery that a valid contact name and consignee telephone number is provided. delivery to bfpo: dpd will ship bfpo orders to raf northolt for distribution within the internal network which may be subject to delays. please be sure to include your full name and personnel information at checkout. uk orders: for your security dpd do not currently deliver to po boxes, amazon lockers, or packstations. please click to download yourdpd app in order to set your own personal delivery preferences. international orders: you’ll receive an sms and email notification after your order has been dispatched, follow the link provided and choose from a range of flexible delivery options. customs, tax and duties for deliveries within the eu: we operate on a delivered duty paid basis. this means that all import taxes and duties, as well as applicable vat, will be included in the price of the goods in your order. deliveries outside the eu (including the channel islands, excluding australia): we operate on a delivered duty unpaid basis. this means that any outstanding import duties, clearance fees, brokerage fees or any other additional charges are the responsibility of our customer and have to be paid on delivery of your order. uk vat will not be charged for international orders. these charges are set by the customs authorities of the destination country and you may also need to provide additional information to clear your order. please contact your local customs authority for more information. deliveries to australia from 1 july 2018, australian goods and services tax will be included in the product price for all transactions where you pay aud $1,000 or less for your basket. for deliveries to australia over the value of aud $1,000, we operate on a ddu (delivered duty unpaid) basis. this means that: product prices for such destinations are exclusive of all taxes and duties, including uk vat; you will be responsible for payment of any customs clearance expenses, import duties, sales taxes, brokerage fees and any other similar charges or fees imposed by the customs authorities of the destination country. payment of these will be necessary in order to release your items from customs on arrival. please note that we have no control over these charges and cannot predict their amount or offer a refund in the event that you are unable or unwilling to pay these charges; you are responsible for providing any information required by the customs authorities of the destination country to ensure the goods are cleared. we recommend you contact the customs authorities of the destination country to determine a landed cost price for the items prior to placing an order and what information will be required to obtain release of the items from customs. deliveries to taiwan from 06 may 2019 taiwan custom authorities will now ask individual consignees to provide a power of attorney (poa) for shipments that are valued below twd $50,000 / usd $1,613. consignees are advised to use the "real name authentication platform" to register and send an electronic poa. customs will accept a hard copy of the poa provided it is faxed to customs when requested. it is important that this guidance is followed within 7 days or the shipments will be returned to their origin. tax free shopping: tax free shopping is only available on purchases made in standalone allsaints stores in the uk and eu, please ask in store for details. indirect taxes (including vat) charged on online purchases cannot be refunded. shipping restrictions & exclusions once you enter your shipping address at checkout, we will present the delivery services available to you based on your location. exclusions uk next business day, saturday & sunday services: delivery to these post codes may take 2-4 business days. ab31 - ab35, ab36 - ab38, ab41 - ab54, ab55 - ab56, bt1-94 (sunday service), fk17 - fk21, g83-g84, gy9, hs1 - hs9, im, iv, je, ka27, ka28, kw0 - kw14, kw15 - kw17, pa20, pa78, ph15 - ph18, ph19 - ph29, ph32 - ph33, ph45 - ph48, ph30 - ph31, ph34 - ph44, ph49 - ph99, tr21-25, ze, bfpo. uk morning services: delivery to these post codes may take 2-4 business days: ab10 - ab16, ab21 - ab30, ab31 - ab35, ab36 - ab38, ab41 - ab54, ab55 - ab56, bt1-94 (10.30am service) bt11-94 (12noon service), dd1 - dd9, fk17 - fk21, g83 - g84 , gy9, hs1 - hs9, im, iv, je, ka27, ka28, kw0 - kw14, kw15 - kw17, ky8 - ky10, ky14 - ky16 pa20, pa78, ph1 - ph14, ph15 - ph18, ph19 - ph29, ph32 - ph33, ph45 - ph48, ph30 - ph31, ph34 - ph44, ph49 - ph99, tr21-25, ze, bfpo. next business day morning services: the below scottish postcodes will be delivered 30 minutes later: dg1 - dg9 , eh1 - eh99, fk1 - fk16, g1 - g82, ka1 - ka30, ky1 - ky7 1, ky11 - ky13, ky99, ml1 - ml12, pa1 - pa19, td1 - td 15 store sourced items: store sourced items will be delivered separately within 3-5 working days, including amazon and amazon prime orders. please allow an additional 4 days for international delivery. you will be advised if an item is coming from a store during the checkout process. orders with multiple items may be dispatched from both our distribution centre and an allsaints store. you will receive a separate dispatch confirmation email and tracking number for each shipment. delivery from our distribution centre will be under the service you selected. restrictions delivery to russia: ups are able to ship to the following locations in russia only. any locations not listed are undeliverable by ups. moscow (including postcodes 140000-144012 in moscow oblast), nizhniy novgorod (including nizhegorodskaya oblast), krasnodar (including krsnodar oblast), novorossiysk, sochi, stavropol (including stavropol oblast), st. petersburg (including leningrad oblast), khabarovsk (including khabarovsk oblast), blagoveschensk and vladivostok. arkhangelsk, astrakhan, belgorod, bryansk, chelyabinsk, chita, irkutsk, ivanovo, izhevsk, kaluga, kazan, kemerovo, kostroma, krasnoyarsk, lipetsk, murmansk, naberezhyne chelny, novgorod, novokuznetsk, novosibirsk, novy urengoy, omsk, orel, orenburg, perm, pskov, pyatigorsk, rostov-on-don, ryazan, samara, saratov, smolensk, surgut, tambov, togliatti, tuapse, tula, tver, tyumen, ufa, ulyanovsk, vladimir, volgograd, voronezh, vyborg, yaroslavl and yekaterinburg. shipping to south america: we ship to south america from the us only, therefore we recommend you place order from our us site www.us.allsaints.com. please click here for more information. exotic skins: due to international trading agreements and regulations allsaints must adhere to specific shipping restrictions. we are unable to ship exotic skins outside the eu. in addition, we are required by eu regulation to obtain a cites (convention on international trade in endangered species of wild fauna and flora) permit before items made from exotic skins can be shipped. this may cause a delay in processing your order. for further information, please contact customer experience. fragrances: due to shipping restrictions we are unable to ship orders containing allsaints fragrance by air transportation. international, canadian and some next day destinations will be excluded. please select a uk or us domestic address or remove fragrance from your basket. shipping footwear to mexico: if your order contains footwear, you must hire a licensed broker to clear customs. dhl restrictions:dhl are unable to ship to the following locations: ascension, bouvet island, british indian ocean territory, french southern territories, heard & mcdonald islands, johnston island, midway island, pitcairn, saint pierre & miquelon, tajikistan, tristan da cunha, wake island, western sahara. delivery to po box: dhl deliver to po boxes in the following countries only: bahrain, iran, iraq, jordan, kuwait, oman, qatar, united arab emirates. it is essential for successful delivery that a valid contact name and consignee telephone number is provided. delivery to belarus: please note for orders delivered to belarus, we can, deliver to minsk airport only. returns & exchanges allsaints online returns & exchange policy for a full refund, please return your online order in its original condition to our distribution centre within 14 days of receiving. this applies to full price and sale purchases. uk domestic orders will include a free returns label unless your order contains a fragrance product. exchange your purchase for a different colour variation or size within 28 days of purchase. you can also exchange for a gift card. items received outside of our 28 day return period will be returned to you. returns will be processed within 48 hours, this may vary during busier periods. you’ll be refunded to your original form of payment. if your payment was made using one or more gift cards and a credit card, we’ll refund the gift card you entered first during the checkout, followed by your payment card. if your payment was made using multiple gift cards, we’ll refund the first gift card number you entered when checking out. please keep all gift cards used to place an order in case of returns. allow 5-10 working days for refunded payments to appear in your account. gift card refunds will appear on your gift card within 24 hours. to protect your purchase, a selection of our dresses and leathers are tagged and refunds will only be offered if this tag remains attached when returned. dress returns received without the tag attached will either be exchanged or returned to the customer. please note, we monitor the number of returns made by customers and continued returns will be flagged and potentially refused at our discretion or lead to the closure of your allsaints account. return in store return your online order to any allsaints store that trades in the same currency for an exchange or gift card only within 28 days (excluding global department stores and physical outlets). we are unable to refund online orders in stores. exchanged items must be in their original condition, and accompanied by a copy of your original invoice. if you exchange your online purchase in store you fall under the store’s return policy for further exchanges. your statutory rights are not affected. fragrance returns for health and hygiene reasons we are unable to exchange or refund fragrances once the original packaging and cellophane wrap has been opened or the product has been used. uk orders will not include free returns labels if your purchase included a fragrance due to strict shipping legislation surrounding the transportation of flammable substances. our current uk returns service does not support this. please contact customer experience to arrange a collection for your fragrance and facilitate a return to our distribution center. swimwear and underwear returns to return swimwear and underwear it must be unused with complete original packaging. handbag returns to return your handbag please wrap carefully in the original dust bag to prevent any damage during shipping. when examining your handbag please be mindful not to scratch or mark the product. cancellation alternatively, if you are a uk or european customer, you may cancel your order and return any item to us in accordance with the consumer contracts regulations 2013. please see our terms and conditions for further details. allsaints store returns policy refunds: please bring your receipt and the item in its original condition, back within 14 days for a refund via your original form of payment or gift card. we are unable to refund online orders in stores. concession purchases are to be returned according to the department stores own policy. outlet store purchases can be returned to an outlet store for an exchange only. exchanges: items purchased in an allsaints store or allsaints.com can be exchanged in any store (excluding outlets and concessions) trading in the same currency within 28 days. concessions and physical outlet stores: purchases made in department store concessions should be returned or exchanged in accordance with the department store’s own return and exchange policy. purchases made in our physical outlet stores can only be exchanged for a gift card or alternate style in a physical outlet store within 14 days. we are unable to refund outlet store purchases. please note that online orders and purchases from mainline stores cannot be returned or exchanged in concession and physical outlet stores. your statutory rights are not affected. how to return an online order return your online order to our distribution centre within 14 days of receiving your order for a full refund. exchange or receive a gift card within 28 days. exchange for different colour or size of the same style. for security reasons we are unable to accept hand-carried returns to our distribution centre. returns address: allsaints website returns, unit 6, new hythe business park, bellingham way, larkfield, aylesford, me20 6sq, united kingdom return to distribution centre: uk returns: complete your returns form, apply the royal mail freepost label to the front of the parcel and drop off at your nearest post office. please keep your postage receipt for your own security. if you didn’t receive a return form you can include a written note with your name, order number and request instead. you can also create a new trackable freepost label through royal mail’s online returns portal. please contact the customer experience team if royal mail do not accept your parcel due to size or weight restrictions and a stylist will be happy to help you. alternatively, if you are a uk or european customer, you may cancel your order and return any item to us in accordance with the consumer contracts regulations 2013. please see our terms and conditions for further details. your unwanted items are your responsibility until they reach our warehouse. we recommend that you retain your proof of postage. international returns: you can return your order using any trackable postal service; you'll need to cover the postage costs yourself. please mark your parcel as ‘returned goods’ to avoid being charged any further duties. if you didn’t receive a return form you can include a written note with your name, order number and request instead. alternatively, if you are a european customer, you may cancel your order and return any item to us in accordance with the consumer contracts regulations 2013. please see our terms and conditions for further details. please return your order to the above address. for security reasons we are unable to accept hand carried returns to our distribution centre. return to store: return your online order to any allsaints store for an exchange or gift card only within 28 days (excluding global department stores and outlets). please note that stores aren't able to offer a refund for online orders. exchanged items must be in their original condition, and accompanied by a copy of your original invoice. if you exchange your online purchase in store you fall under the store’s return policy for further exchanges. your statutory rights are not affected. jewellery returns to return jewellery items (excluding pierced earrings) they must be unused and returned in resalable condition. for health and hygiene reasons we are unable to exchange or refund pierced earrings unless they are faulty. processing time for returns, exchanges and refunds uk returns made using the royal mail freepost label may take up to 3-4 working days to pass through the medway depot and be delivered to our distribution centre. track your parcel online using the royal mail track and trace service. international returns may take 5-10 working days to be delivered to us depending on origin. we advise that you use a trackable service for your return. returns will be processed within 72 hours after receipt at our distribution centre, this may vary during busy periods. allow 5-10 working days for refunds to appear in your account depending on your bank. for international exchanges, please allow up to 10 working days for the exchange to be delivered. uk orders: your delivery costs will not be refunded if you cancel your order post dispatch and use our free uk returns service as the free returns service is provided in place of reimbursement of the original delivery charges. europe and international orders: your delivery costs will be refunded if you cancel post dispatch as we do not offer a free returns service for international orders. delivery costs refund: delivery costs will be refunded in the following circumstances: if you cancel your order before dispatch. if you return a faulty item. if we cancel your order due to stock availability. if you choose to cancel your order under the consumer contracts regulations (in which case we will refund you the value of our least expensive /standard delivery method). please see our terms and conditions for more information on how to cancel under the consumer contracts regulations. please note that if you cancel your order under the consumer contracts regulations you will not be able to use our free returns service but will have to pay the cost of returning the item to us. will customs, duties and sales taxes be refunded if i return my order? orders delivered within the eu: if your order has been sent to a destination within the eu, all sales taxes will be refunded. orders delivered outside the eu (other than australia): if your order has been sent to a destination outside the eu, customs duties and sales taxes are non-refundable through allsaints. however, you may be able to recover these by contacting your local customs bureau directly. as this may not be available for all countries, we recommend that you hire a customs broker if you wish to claim back duties on returned merchandise. please note that refunds can take up to 10 working days to show on your account due to varying processing times between payment providers. orders delivered to australia: from 1 july 2018, if your order has been sent to australia and you have paid aud $1,000 or less for your basket, all sales taxes will be refunded. if your order has been sent to australia and you have paid more than aud $1,000 for your basket, customs duties and sales taxes are non-refundable through allsaints. however, you may be able to recover these by contacting your local customs bureau directly. as this may not be available for all countries, we recommend that you hire a customs broker if you wish to claim back duties on returned merchandise. please note that refunds can take up to 10 working days to show on your account due to varying processing times between payment providers. what are the consumer contracts regulations and how do they apply to me? the consumer contracts regulations are in place to protect your rights. you have 14 days from the date you receive your order to cancel it. email us at ask@allsaints.com with your name and order number and we’ll take it from there. for further details on how to cancel your order and return an item to us in accordance with the consumer contracts regulations 2013, please see clause 8 of our terms and conditions for further details. new to allsaints? sign up to our emails for 15% off full-price styles (excludes sale) in your first order. your exclusive code will be with you in minutes. thank you. if you're new to allsaints, you'll receive your exclusive code in minutes. sign up to receive exclusive updates on our new collections and special offers. to improve your experience we may; profile, segment, test, analyse and model your details. you can unsubscribe at any time via the link in your emails. please refer to our privacy policy for further details. women men information contact us delivery returns & exchange faqs size guide careers stores terms & conditions privacy policy accessibility tax strategy modern slavery act gender pay gap site map follow us instagram facebook twitter youtube pinterest the allsaints app copyright © 2020 allsaints all rights reserved by using this site you agree to our cookie policy.