来源URL: https://web.archive.org/web/20201231123756/https://www.allsaints.com/help-and-support/returns/
================================================================================

allsaints sign up to receive exclusive updates on our new collections and special offers. to improve your experience we may; profile, segment, test, analyse and model your details. you can unsubscribe at any time via the link in your emails. please refer to our privacy policy for further details. 15% off your first order new to allsaints? sign up for 15% off full-price styles in your first order. email input womenswear menswear menu english (£) close get the best experience change to your country's website for localised options and currencies. please note: changing countries will empty your basket. 如您填寫的訂單收件地點為中國香港及台灣等需要以國際物流寄送之地區則需自行負擔可能產生之關稅及匯差等相關費用。 change region stay on current site shopping bag (0) your bag is empty total £0 checkout continue shopping menu country selector change to your country's website for localised options and currencies. please note: changing countries will empty your basket deutsch (€) français (€) english (eu) (€) english (ie) (€) english ($) canadian (c$) 한국어 (₩) 日本 (¥) 台灣 (ntd.) english (£) sign in we use cookies to personalise content, analyse traffic and for advertising. click here for more information. manage cookies accept cookies deutsch (eur / €) français (eur / €) english (eu) (eur / €) english (ie) (eur / €) english (usd / $) canadian (cad / c$) 한국어 (krw / ₩) 日本 (jpy / ¥) 台灣 (ntd / ntd.) sale women all sale up to 70% off leather jackets coats & jackets dresses knitwear t-shirts & sweatshirts tops & shirts jeans & trousers skirts & shorts handbags & accessories boots & shoes men all sale up to 70% off leather jackets t-shirts & sweatshirts coats & jackets knitwear shirts jeans & trousers ramskull polos boots & shoes bags & accessories free uk delivery on orders over £150 & uk returns outlet women all outlet dresses t-shirts & sweatshirts tops & shirts leather jackets coats & jackets knitwear jeans & trousers skirts accessories men all outlet t-shirts & sweatshirts shirts leather jackets coats & jackets knitwear jeans & trousers polos accessories free uk delivery on orders over £150 & uk returns women shop sale up to 70% off outlet new arrivals best sellers limited edition loungewear gifts for her gifts for him gift cards clothing dresses knitwear coats & jackets leather jackets sweatshirts & hoodies tops & shirts t-shirts jeans trousers & leggings skirts & shorts co-ords tailoring shoes & accessories all shoes all accessories handbags watches 50% off jewellery belts face masks scarves hats & beanies gloves wallets fragrance stories all stories la sessions: khushi new feature: leather feature: cold weather campaign: all day all night allsaints edit: logo edit: prints @allsaints not for sale free uk delivery on orders over £150 & uk returns men shop sale up to 70% off outlet new arrivals best sellers limited edition loungewear ramskull gifts for him gifts for her gift cards clothing sweatshirts & hoodies knitwear leather jackets coats & jackets t-shirts shirts polos jeans trousers shorts tailoring shoes & accessories all shoes all accessories watches 50% off jewellery belts wallets bags face masks hats & beanies scarves gloves fragrance stories all stories la sessions: khushi new feature: leather feature: cold weather campaign: all day all night allsaints edit: logo edit: prints @allsaints not for sale free uk delivery on orders over £150 & uk returns search skip to content currency sign in wishlist bag when autocomplete results are available use up and down arrows to review and enter to select. touch device users, explore by touch or with swipe gestures. sign in log in or register to save your wishlist added to wishlist when autocomplete results are available use up and down arrows to review and enter to select. touch device users, explore by touch or with swipe gestures. when autocomplete results are available use up and down arrows to review and enter to select. touch device users, explore by touch or with swipe gestures. women's sale shop all sale up to 70% off leather jackets coats & jackets dresses knitwear t-shirts & sweatshirts tops & shirts jeans & trousers skirts & shorts handbags & accessories boots & shoes men's sale shop all sale up to 70% off leather jackets t-shirts & sweatshirts coats & jackets knitwear shirts jeans & trousers ramskull polos boots & shoes bags & accessories women's outlet shop all outlet dresses t-shirts & sweatshirts tops & shirts leather jackets coats & jackets knitwear jeans & trousers skirts accessories men's outlet shop all outlet t-shirts & sweatshirts shirts leather jackets coats & jackets knitwear jeans & trousers polos accessories women shop sale up to 70% off outlet new arrivals best sellers limited edition loungewear gifts for her gifts for him gift cards clothing dresses knitwear coats & jackets leather jackets sweatshirts & hoodies tops & shirts t-shirts jeans trousers & leggings skirts & shorts co-ords tailoring shoes & accessories all shoes all accessories handbags watches 50% off jewellery belts face masks scarves gloves hats & beanies wallets fragrance stories all stories la sessions: khushi new feature: leather feature: cold weather campaign: all day all night allsaints edit: logo edit: prints @allsaints not for sale men shop sale up to 70% off outlet new arrivals best sellers limited edition loungewear ramskull gifts for him gifts for her gift cards clothing sweatshirts & hoodies knitwear leather jackets coats & jackets t-shirts shirts polos jeans trousers shorts tailoring shoes & accessories all shoes all accessories watches 50% off jewellery belts wallets bags face masks hats & beanies scarves gloves fragrance stories all stories la sessions: khushi new feature: leather feature: cold weather campaign: all day all night allsaints edit: logo edit: prints @allsaints not for sale english (£) my account sign in returns & exchanges we have extended our returns policy to 60 days in recognition of the fact that some customers may find it harder to return their goods. please note returns, refunds and exchanges may take up to 3 weeks to process. allsaints online returns & exchange policy we have extended our refund policy to 60 days in recognition of the fact that some customers may find it harder to return their goods. please note returns, refunds and exchanges may take up to 3 weeks to process. for a full refund, please return your online order in its original condition to our distribution centre within 60 days of receiving. this applies to full price, sale and online outlet purchases. for footwear returns, ensure footwear is returned in the original box. uk domestic orders will include a free returns label unless your order contains a fragrance product. european and international orders can be returned using any trackable postal service and you'll need to cover the postage costs yourself. to avoid tax and duty charges for returns please provide your courier with the order number, outbound tracking number and airway bill and note this on the parcel to demonstrate it's a return purchase to allsaints. exchange your purchase for a different colour variation or size within 60 days of purchase. you can also exchange for a gift card. items received outside of our 60 days return period will be returned to you. you’ll be refunded to your original form of payment. if your payment was made using one or more gift cards and a credit card, we’ll refund the gift card you entered first during the checkout, followed by your payment card. if your payment was made using multiple gift cards, we’ll refund the first gift card number you entered when checking out. please keep all gift cards used to place an order in case of returns. allow 5-10 working days for refunded payments to appear in your account. gift card refunds will appear on your gift card within 24 hours. klarna returns: please note that allsaints orders placed using klarna cannot be refunded onto a gift card. you will be refunded to your original form of payment. online orders placed using klarna can be returned to store for a refund or exchange only. to protect your purchase, a selection of our dresses and leathers are tagged and refunds will only be offered if this tag remains attached when returned. dress returns received without the tag attached will either be exchanged or returned to the customer. please note, we monitor the number of returns made by customers and continued returns will be flagged and potentially refused at our discretion or lead to the closure of your allsaints account. return in store return your online order to any allsaints store that trades in the same currency for a refund via the original form of payment, exchange or gift card within 60 days (excluding global department stores, concessions and physical outlets). returned items must be in their original condition, and accompanied by a copy of your original invoice. if you exchange your online purchase in store you fall under the store’s return policy for further exchanges. your statutory rights are not affected. online orders placed using klarna can be returned to store for a refund via the original form of payment or exchange. please note that allsaints orders placed using klarna cannot be refunded onto a gift card and refunds will be returned to the original form of payment. fragrance returns for health and hygiene reasons we are unable to exchange or refund fragrances once the original packaging and cellophane wrap has been opened or the product has been used. uk orders will not include free returns labels if your purchase included a fragrance due to strict shipping legislation surrounding the transportation of flammable substances. our current uk returns service does not support this. please contact customer experience to arrange a collection for your fragrance and facilitate a return to our distribution center. face masks returns for health and hygiene reasons we are unable to exchange or refund face maks unless they are faulty. swimwear and underwear returns to return swimwear and underwear it must be unused with complete original packaging. handbag returns to return your handbag please wrap carefully in the original dust bag to prevent any damage during shipping. when examining your handbag please be mindful not to scratch or mark the product. cancellation alternatively, if you are a uk or european customer, you may cancel your order and return any item to us in accordance with the consumer contracts regulations 2013. please see our terms and conditions for further details. allsaints store returns policy we have extended our refund policy to 60 days in recognition of the fact that some customers may find it harder to return their goods. refunds: should you need to return anything purchased at an allsaints store, we have extended our normal return policy to support you at this time. please bring your receipt and unworn items back for a refund based on the original payment method. restrictions apply. please bring your receipt and the item in its original condition, back within 60 days for a refund via your original form of payment or gift card. concession purchases are to be returned according to the department stores own policy. outlet store purchases can be returned to an outlet store for an exchange only. online orders placed using klarna can be returned to store for a refund via the original form of payment or exchange. please note that allsaints orders placed using klarna cannot be refunded onto a gift card and refunds will be returned to the original form of payment. exchanges: we have extended our returns policy to support you at this time. any items purchased at an allsaints store, or online at allsaints.com can be exchanged. you can exchange your purchase for another item or gift card (excluding klarna purchases) at any store that accepts the same currency as the original purchase. items purchased in an allsaints store or allsaints.com can be exchanged in any store (excluding outlets and concessions) trading in the same currency within 60 days. online orders placed using klarna can be returned to store for a refund via the original form of payment or exchange. please note that allsaints orders placed using klarna cannot be refunded onto a gift card and refunds will be returned to the original form of payment. concessions and physical outlet stores: purchases made in department store concessions should be returned or exchanged in accordance with the department store’s own policy. purchases made in our outlet stores can be exchanged for an extended period for a gift card or alternate style. online orders cannot be returned or exchanged in concession and outlet stores. purchases made in department store concessions should be returned or exchanged in accordance with the department store’s own return and exchange policy. purchases made in our physical outlet stores can only be exchanged for a gift card or alternate style in a physical outlet store within 60 days. we are unable to refund outlet store purchases. please note that online orders and purchases from mainline stores cannot be returned or exchanged in concession and physical outlet stores. your statutory rights are not affected. how to return an online order we have extended our refund policy to 60 days in recognition of the fact that some customers may find it harder to return their goods. please note returns, refunds and exchanges may take up to 3 weeks to process. return your online order to our distribution centre within 60 days of receiving your order for a full refund. exchange or receive a gift card within 60 days. exchange for different colour or size of the same style. for security reasons we are unable to accept hand-carried returns to our distribution centre. returns address: allsaints website returns, unit 6, new hythe business park, bellingham way, larkfield, aylesford, me20 6sq, united kingdom return to distribution centre: uk returns: complete your returns form, apply the royal mail freepost label to the front of the parcel and drop off at your nearest post office. please keep your postage receipt for your own security. if you didn’t receive a return form you can include a written note with your name, order number and request instead. you can also create a new trackable freepost label through royal mail’s online returns portal. please contact the customer experience team if royal mail do not accept your parcel due to size or weight restrictions and a stylist will be happy to help you. alternatively, if you are a uk or european customer, you may cancel your order and return any item to us in accordance with the consumer contracts regulations 2013. please see our terms and conditions for further details. your unwanted items are your responsibility until they reach our warehouse. we recommend that you retain your proof of postage. european & international returns: you can return your order using any trackable postal service; you'll need to cover the postage costs yourself. to avoid tax and duty charges for returns please mark your parcel as ‘returned goods’ and provide your courier with the order number, outbound tracking number and airway bill and note this on the parcel to demonstrate it's a return purchase to allsaints. if you didn’t receive a return form you can include a written note with your name, order number and request instead. alternatively, if you are a european customer, you may cancel your order and return any item to us in accordance with the consumer contracts regulations 2013. please see our terms and conditions for further details. please return your order to the above address. for security reasons we are unable to accept hand carried returns to our distribution centre. return to store: return your online order to any mainline store that trades in the same currency for a refund, via the original form of payment, exchange or gift card within 60 days, pending regional store closures due to covid 19 restrictions (excluding global department stores and outlets). returned items must be in their original condition, and accompanied by a copy of your original invoice. if you exchange your online purchase in store you fall under the store’s return policy for further exchanges. your statutory rights are not affected. online orders placed using klarna can be returned to store for a refund via the original form of payment or exchange. please note that allsaints orders placed using klarna cannot be refunded onto a gift card and refunds will be returned to the original form of payment. footwear returns please ensure you package your footwear carefully in the original shoe box to prevent any damage during shipping. when examining your footwear please be mindful not to scratch or mark the product. face masks returns for health and hygiene reasons we are unable to exchange or refund face maks unless they are faulty. jewellery returns to return jewellery items (excluding pierced earrings) they must be unused and returned in resalable condition. for health and hygiene reasons we are unable to exchange or refund pierced earrings unless they are faulty. processing time for returns, exchanges and refunds we have extended our refund policy to 60 days in recognition of the fact that some customers may find it harder to return their goods. please note returns, refunds and exchanges may take up to 3 weeks to process. this is due to delays within the returns network and also the safeguarding measures in place to protect our team. track your parcel online using the royal mail track and trace service. international returns may take 5-10 working days to be delivered to us depending on origin. we advise that you use a trackable service for your return. allow 5-10 working days for refunds to appear in your account depending on your bank. for international exchanges, please allow up to 10 working days for the exchange to be delivered. uk orders: your delivery costs will not be refunded if you cancel your order post dispatch and use our free uk returns service as the free returns service is provided in place of reimbursement of the original delivery charges. europe and international orders: your delivery costs will be refunded if you cancel post dispatch as we do not offer a free returns service for international orders. delivery costs refund: delivery costs will be refunded in the following circumstances: if you cancel your order before dispatch. if you return a faulty item. if we cancel your order due to stock availability. if you choose to cancel your order under the consumer contracts regulations (in which case we will refund you the value of our least expensive /standard delivery method). please see our terms and conditions for more information on how to cancel under the consumer contracts regulations. please note that if you cancel your order under the consumer contracts regulations you will not be able to use our free returns service but will have to pay the cost of returning the item to us. will customs, duties and sales taxes be refunded if i return my order? orders delivered within the eu: if your order has been sent to a destination within the eu, all sales taxes will be refunded. orders delivered outside the eu (other than australia): if your order has been sent to a destination outside the eu, customs duties and sales taxes are non-refundable through allsaints. however, you may be able to recover these by contacting your local customs bureau directly. as this may not be available for all countries, we recommend that you hire a customs broker if you wish to claim back duties on returned merchandise. please note that refunds can take up to 10 working days to show on your account due to varying processing times between payment providers. orders delivered to australia: from 1 july 2018, if your order has been sent to australia and you have paid aud $1,000 or less for your basket, all sales taxes will be refunded. if your order has been sent to australia and you have paid more than aud $1,000 for your basket, customs duties and sales taxes are non-refundable through allsaints. however, you may be able to recover these by contacting your local customs bureau directly. as this may not be available for all countries, we recommend that you hire a customs broker if you wish to claim back duties on returned merchandise. please note that refunds can take up to 10 working days to show on your account due to varying processing times between payment providers. what are the consumer contracts regulations and how do they apply to me? the consumer contracts regulations are in place to protect your rights. you have 14 days from the date you receive your order to cancel it. email us at ask@allsaints.com with your name and order number and we’ll take it from there. for further details on how to cancel your order and return an item to us in accordance with the consumer contracts regulations 2013, please see clause 8 of our terms and conditions for further details. for delivery information, please see the full delivery section here. you can also find our full faqs section here. new to allsaints? sign up for 15% off full-price styles in your first order. thank you. if you're new to allsaints, you'll receive your exclusive code in minutes. sign up to receive exclusive updates on our new collections and special offers. to improve your experience we may; profile, segment, test, analyse and model your details. you can unsubscribe at any time via the link in your emails. please refer to our privacy policy for further details. womenswear menswear information contact us delivery returns & exchange faqs size guide careers stores sustainability accessibility adjustments klarna terms & conditions privacy policy tax strategy modern slavery act gender pay gap site map download our app img-https://images.allsaints.com/static/600/app-icon.svg follow us instagram facebook twitter youtube pinterest copyright © 2021 allsaints all rights reserved