来源URL: https://web.archive.org/web/20211231224947/https://www.allsaints.com/help-and-support/shipping-and-faqs/
================================================================================

allsaints uk: faqs sign up to receive exclusive updates on our new collections and special offers. to improve your experience we may; profile, segment, test, analyse and model your details. you can unsubscribe at any time via the link in your emails. please refer to our privacy policy for further details. 15% off your first order new to allsaints? sign up to our emails for 15% off full-price styles (excludes sale & outlet) in your first order. your exclusive code will be with you in minutes. email input womenswear menswear menu english (£) close get the best experience change to your country's website for localised options and currencies. please note: changing countries will empty your basket. 如您填寫的訂單收件地點為中國香港及台灣等需要以國際物流寄送之地區則需自行負擔可能產生之關稅及匯差等相關費用。 change region stay on current site shopping bag (0) your bag is empty total £0 checkout continue shopping menu delivery country change to your country's website for localised options and currencies. please note: changing countries will empty your basket deutsch (€) français (€) english (eu) (€) english (ie) (€) english ($) canadian (c$) 한국어 (₩) 日本 (¥) english (£) sign in deutsch (eur / €) français (eur / €) english (eu) (eur / €) english (ie) (eur / €) english (usd / $) canadian (cad / c$) 한국어 (krw / ₩) 日本 (jpy / ¥) women shop new arrivals bestsellers limited edition partywear loungewear fragrance candles gifts for her gifts for him gift cards clothing leather jackets dresses knitwear coats & jackets sweatshirts tops & shirts t-shirts trousers jeans skirts & shorts nightwear underwear & socks shoes & accessories all shoes all accessories handbags jewellery belts scarves hats gloves wallets hair accessories face masks watches stories allsaints christmas new la sessions: ryan trey new feature: partywear the gift guide the fragrance collection feature: getting cold the denim guide a conscious commitment not for sale: 10 years leather size guide our leather story @allsaints free uk delivery on orders over £150 & uk returns men shop new arrivals bestsellers limited edition partywear loungewear ramskull fragrance gifts for him gifts for her gift cards clothing leather jackets coats & jackets knitwear shirts t-shirts sweatshirts polos jeans trousers shorts shoes & accessories all shoes all accessories jewellery belts bags wallets hats scarves gloves watches face masks stories allsaints christmas new la sessions: ryan trey new feature: partywear the gift guide the fragrance collection feature: getting cold the denim guide a conscious commitment not for sale: 10 years leather size guide our leather story @allsaints free uk delivery on orders over £150 & uk returns gifts women the gift guide handbags jewellery fragrance & candles accessories boots & shoes wallets leather jackets dresses knitwear cashmere nightwear underwear & socks men the gift guide accessories watches jewellery fragrance & candles ramskull leather jackets coats & jackets shirts knitwear multipacks underwear & socks shop by gifts for her under £50 under £100 luxury gifts gifts for him under £50 under £100 luxury gifts gift cards free uk delivery on orders over £150 & uk returns leather women leather jackets biker jackets suede jackets the balfern the dalby shearling jackets women's size guide men leather jackets biker jackets suede jackets bomber jackets shearling jackets men's size guide discover allsaints leather leather care guide our leather story free uk delivery on orders over £150 & uk returns stores search skip to content country sign in wishlist bag when autocomplete results are available use up and down arrows to review and enter to select. touch device users, explore by touch or with swipe gestures. sign in log in or register to save your wishlist added to wishlist when autocomplete results are available use up and down arrows to review and enter to select. touch device users, explore by touch or with swipe gestures. when autocomplete results are available use up and down arrows to review and enter to select. touch device users, explore by touch or with swipe gestures. women shop new arrivals bestsellers limited edition partywear loungewear fragrances & candles gifts for her gifts for him gift cards clothing leather jackets dresses knitwear coats & jackets sweatshirts & hoodies tops & shirts t-shirts trousers & leggings jeans skirts & shorts nightwear underwear & socks shoes & accessories all shoes all accessories handbags jewellery belts scarves hats gloves wallets hair accessories face masks watches stories allsaints christmas new la sessions: ryan trey new feature: partywear the gift guide the fragrance collection feature: getting cold the denim guide a conscious commitment not for sale: 10 years leather size guide our leather story @allsaints men shop new arrivals bestsellers limited edition partywear loungewear ramskull fragrances & candles gifts for him gifts for her gift cards clothing leather jackets coats & jackets knitwear shirts t-shirts sweatshirts & hoodies polos jeans trousers shorts shoes & accessories all shoes all accessories jewellery belts bags wallets hats scarves gloves face masks watches stories allsaints christmas new la sessions: ryan trey new feature: partywear the gift guide the fragrance collection feature: getting cold the denim guide a conscious commitment not for sale: 10 years leather size guide our leather story @allsaints gifts for her the gift guide gifts for her under £50 under £100 luxury gifts gift cards handbags jewellery fragrance & candles accessories boots & shoes wallets leather jackets dresses knitwear cashmere nightwear underwear & socks gifts for him the gift guide gifts for him under £50 under £100 luxury gifts gift cards accessories watches jewellery fragrance & candles ramskull leather jackets coats & jackets shirts knitwear multipacks underwear & socks leather women leather jackets biker jackets suede jackets the balfern the dalby shearling jackets women's size guide men leather jackets biker jackets suede jackets bomber jackets shearling jackets men's size guide discover allsaints leather leather care guide our leather story stores store information find your nearest store guide to reopening english (£) my account sign in covid-19 the steps we’re taking to look after our people and customers the well-being and safety of our people and our customers is of paramount importance to us, and we are doing everything that we can to play our part in helping to mitigate the spread of covid-19. we are of course following advice from the governments and public health authorities in the countries in which we operate across the world, which in some cases entails shop and office closures. our priority is to look after our teams and customers as best we can in these scenarios. we are working with each individual team member to come up with an option that gives them the best level of financial protection possible. we have also launched an extensive range of our own operational procedures and precautions in order to help limit the spread of covid-19 and keep our people and our customers safe. our amazing teams around the world are working tirelessly to make sure that our business continues to run as efficiently and resiliently as possible during these exceptionally challenging times. our overriding objective is to look after our teams, and our teams’ overriding objective is to be here for our customers. our customers our brand is built on an unwavering commitment to providing our customers with an outstanding level of quality and service. in this period of uncertainty, one of the absolute certainties for us is that we will continue to focus on maintaining that high standard to the best of our abilities. we will continue to provide updates on delivery options and timelines for online orders, and all of our delivery partners are of course following strict government guidelines for the safe and secure delivery of orders. please note deliveries will take longer and may be subject to delays. pick up shop delivery options and other collection points will be available in line with government guidelines. inevitably, certain elements of our operations may not be as smooth and seamless as they are normally given the exceptional circumstances under which we are operating, so we would like to thank our customers in advance for their patience and understanding. to contact our global customer experience team, please click here. our stores since the very start of the covid-19 outbreak, our number one priority has been the well-being and safety of our people and our customers. we’ve been doing everything that we can to play our part in helping to mitigate the spread of the virus, and have been working hard to ensure that allsaints emerges from this period stronger and more resilient than ever before. we’re delighted to be welcoming customers back into our stores around the world as and when lockdown measure start to ease. as always, we’re keeping our online store locator updated as to which of our stores are open. however, we’re determined to do so sensibly and cautiously in order to be absolutely certain that we can provide both our customers and our people with a completely safe environment in which to shop and work. with that in mind, we’ve put in place an extensive range of precautionary measures in all of our stores, and all of our teams have received in-depth training on social distancing protocols and other health and safety initiatives. we’re rigorously testing each and every store before taking the decision to re-open them, and are constantly monitoring them to make any changes or enhancements that may be required. the measures that we’ve implemented include: strict guidelines on the maximum number of customers allowed in store at any one time, with a member of the allsaints team manning the door prominent signs and floor markings to remind customers of social distancing protocols hand sanitiser available for customers to use in every store frequent handwashing protocols for all employees face masks and disposable gloves are available for use by employees perspex shields installed at available cash payment areas where required constant sanitisation of payment points, card payment machines and cash desk surfaces ongoing cleaning of all parts of the store extra precautions will be taken to ensure our fitting rooms can be opened safely, unless restricted by government guidelines please be assured that our amazing teams around the world are working tirelessly to look after our customers, and are doing everything that they can to provide the safest possible experience of shopping with allsaints. distribution centres and offices as in our stores, we have implemented enhanced hygiene protocols and are providing regular briefings to ensure that all of our teams are aware of the new measures. in addition, we are now running separated shifts with no overlap in order to minimise the number of employees onsite at any one time. in our offices, we are encouraging remote working wherever possible and are in daily communication with our teams to ensure that they are receiving all the support from us that they require. actions not words our actions at allsaints we do not tolerate racial prejudice in any form. we want to make public the actions we've taken so far: an anti-racism community has been set up by employees from all parts of our global business. we've held a round-table forum focused on anti-racism to create this agenda and action plan. we'll be reviewing our existing equality and unconscious-bias training which will now be mandatory for all our employees to complete as part of their induction to our brand. we'll be conducting in-depth diversity training with our team forum representatives so that all our employees get the representation they need to be heard. we will continue to host open discussions that allow our employees to ask questions and talk to our leadership team about the issues that matter to them. over 25% of allsaints’ global team are people of colour. 20% of our management team are people of colour. we want to attract the broadest possible selection of talent to allsaints and we will step up our diversity monitoring and work on our recruitment processes to ensure we achieve this. we will update our global team each quarter on how we are progressing. we know we can do more to celebrate and provide platforms for people of colour and we will be working on ways to share and amplify the work of bame creators through our existing channels. popular questions holiday returns policy: online & in store we are extending our returns policy during the holiday and gifting season for purchases made online and in store from 01 november 2021 to 09 january 2022. please see specific terms below: online returns to distribution centre you can return gift purchases made online from november 1 2021 to january 9 2022 for a refund to the original form of payment with proof of purchase. we do not offer exchanges for items returned to our distribution centre. online returns to store you can return gift purchases made online to any mainline allsaints store from november 1 2021 to january 9 2022 for an exchange, gift card (excluding klarna purchases) or a refund to the original form of payment with proof of purchase. mainline stores you can return gift purchases made in an allsaints mainline store from november 1 2021 to january 9 2022 for an exchange, gift card or a refund to the original form of payment with proof of purchase. excludes outlets and concessions. outlet stores you can return gift purchases made in an allsaints outlet store from november 1 2021 to january 9 2022 for an exchange only. we are unable to refund outlet store purchases. please note that online orders and purchases from mainline stores cannot be returned or exchanged in concession and physical outlet stores. concessions stores the allsaints holiday return policy will not be applicable to purchases made in allsaints concessions stores. purchases made in department store concessions should be returned or exchanged in accordance with the department store's own returns policy. allsaints online orders cannot be returned or exchanged in concessions stores. can i return my store purchase to the distribution centre? no, we are currently unable to facilitate store returns to our distribution centre. for more information on how to return your online order or store purchase, please see the full returns section here. do you offer a price adjustment? what is the allsaints price match policy? if you buy an item in an allsaints standalone store or online at www.allsaints.com, and we reduce that item in price within 28 days from the date of purchase, we will refund you the difference via your original form of payment. please note that all outlet products bought online or in store are excluded from our price match policy and are not eligible for a price match refund. at the time of your request to price match, the exact style, colour and size of your item must be in stock and available for purchase at a reduced price online at www.allsaints.com, or in allsaints standalone stores that trades in the same currency. the following conditions and exclusions apply: this price match offer excludes outlet items sold through in stores or online, it also excludes items purchased in department store concessions, auctions or third party websites, travel and duty free stores. the price adjustment credit will be issued to your original form of payment. delivery charges, sales tax, customs fees and duties are excluded when calculating the original price of an item. we are unable to offer price adjustment on items originally purchased in a sale, using a voucher code or on any special promotion items that are temporarily reduced in price. how does it work for an online purchase? to receive a price adjustment via your original form of payment within 28 days of purchase, please contact customer experience via email at ask@allsaints.com with your order number and the product name. allsaints may withdraw this offer at any time at its sole discretion. how does it work for a store purchase? please visit any allsaints standalone stores within 28 days from the date of purchase, excluding outlet and department store concessions, to request a price match via your original form of payment with your original receipt. please note that our customer experience team are not able to process price match refunds for in-store purchases. allsaints may withdraw this offer at any time at its sole discretion. can i return my online order to a store? return to store: return your online order to any mainline store that trades in the same currency for a refund, via the original form of payment, exchange or gift card within 28 days (excluding global department stores and outlets). returned items must be in their original condition, and accompanied by a copy of your original invoice. if you exchange your online purchase in store you fall under the store’s return policy. your statutory rights are not affected. online orders placed using klarna can be returned to store for a refund via the original form of payment or exchange only and cannot be refunded onto a gift card. i have an issue with my delivery or return, what can i do? we work with our shipping partners to ensure that our customers have a positive experience. however, sometimes an error can occur especially during our busiest periods. please see the below faqs to help troubleshoot delivery and return issues. we take lost and damaged parcels seriously, understand it can be a frustrating experience, and will support our customers with delivery or returns issues in line with our terms & conditions. i'm missing item(s) from my order we’re sorry you haven't received your full order yet. part of your order may have been sourced from one of our stores and will be delivered separately under separate tracking numbers. please note, it can take an additional 3-5 working days or up to 7 working days for international orders if we are still within the delivery time frame, please wait for your order to arrive. if this time has passed, please contact our customer experience team. i've received damaged items we're sorry to hear that your item/s were not perfect upon receipt. please follow our returns process found here, and send the item/s back to our distribution centre or visit your nearest mainline store with your proof of purchase. my order hasn't been delivered yet, what can i do? please check the tracking details provided in the dispatch email. please note that some items may be shipped separately under separate tracking numbers due to being sourced from a store and will take longer. the parcel may have been left in a safe place or with a neighbour depending on your delivery preferences. please check the communication from the courier regarding your delivery. then, if you are still unable to locate your parcel please reach out to our customer experience team. our delivery partners are following strict government guidelines for the safe and secure delivery of orders. please note deliveries may be subject to delays. i think my order may be lost... we’re sorry that your order hasn’t arrived. please review your dispatch tracking number to confirm the location of your parcel. please contact customer experience if your parcel cannot be located or is determined as lost by the courier. allsaints will be required to raise an investigation with the relevant courier on your behalf. allsaints can only raise a claim if notified of the delivery/return issue within 25 days of dispatch. please note this process takes a minimum of 10 business days for an outcome and you will be required to complete a declaration form to confirm denial of receipt. this is standard practice across the industry and this information is required in order for us to raise an investigation and potential claim. find more information in our terms & conditions. i haven't received my refund or i think my return is lost... we’re sorry that your return has not yet been processed. please review your returns tracking number to confirm the location of your parcel. please note that returns processing can take up to 2 weeks. please see here for more information on returns processing. please find more information below: uk domestic returns: for uk royal mail free returns: please note that the royal mail medway centre is not the final destination and it may take between 3-5 working days for your parcel to be delivered to the allsaints distribution centre. this will take longer during busy periods. if the return still cannot be located then please reach out to our customer experience team who will be happy to help. if your return is determined to be lost in transit allsaints will be required to raise an investigation with the relevant courier on your behalf. please note this process takes a minimum of 10 business days for an outcome and is standard industry practice. please review our terms & conditions for more information regarding the lost in transit process. international returns: please note that for international returns you will need to contact your chosen return courier directly as allsaints does not have visibility of the returns tracking. allsaints are unable to open an investigation on your behalf as only the party who paid for the shipment is authorised to do this. therefore, we are unable to accept liability for international return items that are lost in transit. please see the following extract from sections 9.1 and 9.3 of our terms & conditions: “allsaints cannot accept responsibility for goods not received and a proof of signature is required to confirm receipt. we recommend you keep your tracking number until your refund has been processed. please note that unless you are a uk or us customer using our free returns service, all return postage costs are your responsibility.” please note, that your return may have been rejected or delayed if the original airway bill, outbound tracking number, order number and commercial invoice were not detailed on the top of your parcel. please contact your chosen returns courier to raise a dispute. do you personalise gift cards or offer a gift wrap service? please note we do not currently offer a designated gift wrapping, gift messaging or gift receipt service. we do not currently offer e-gift cards on our website. you can purchase a physical gift card online and in our mainline stores. why is my country not available as a shipping destination? allsaints deliver to selected european and international destinations. we have regional sites accessible from our country / currency selector for the united kingdom, germany, france, republic of ireland, eu, united states, canada, south korea, and japan. please find more specific information below: allsaints uk website: we ship to the uk and selected non eu and international destinations only. we do not ship to destinations within the eu including the republic of ireland. we ship to the following international countries from our uk website: australia, bahrain, canada, dutch caribbean, india, israel, kuwait, new zealand, oman, qatar, russia, saudi arabia, singapore, south africa, turkey, united arab emirates, united states. gibraltar, iceland, norway, switzerland and ukraine. allsaints republic of ireland website: we ship to republic of ireland only. we do not ship to any other destinations from this site. allsaints eu / fr / de websites: we ship to destinations within the eu from our de, fr, eu websites only. we do not ship to the uk, ireland or non eu and international destinations from our de, fr, eu websites. we ship to the following eu countries: austria, belgium, bulgaria, croatia, czech republic, denmark, estonia, finland, france, germany, greece, hungary, italy, latvia, lithuania, luxembourg, monaco, netherlands, poland, romania, slovakia, slovenia, spain, and sweden. allsaints us / cad website: we ship to the us and canada, and the following international destinations from our us & canadian websites: australia, argentina, columbia, brazil, venezuela, chile, paraguay, bolivia, uruguay, peru, mexico​ you can also shop with our global stockists and retail concessions that may ship to your region. we have listed a few partners here for your convenience: selfridges, john lewis, asos, fenwicks, next, nordstroms, bloomingdales, hudson bay, vitkac, beymen, david jones, breuninger, zalando, de bijenkorf and el corte ingles. faqs delivery for more information, please see the full delivery section here. returns for more information, please see the full returns & exchanges section here. online ordering do i need an account to place an order? you’re able to set up an allsaints account or check out as a guest or amazon pay (uk, us and germany only). i've forgotten my password: click the forgotten password link under our login section to reset your password or continue shopping. i checked out as a guest, how do i track my order?: you will receive a dispatch confirmation email with the tracking number enclosed. how will my order be packaged? depending on the size of your order, your parcel may arrive in a polybag envelope or in our branded box. all gift cards are packaged in an allsaints gift box and shipped on a tracked service. please note we do not currently offer a designated gift wrapping or gift receipt service. can i change or cancel my order once it has been placed? you may change or cancel an order before we send you a dispatch email by contacting customer experience. if the order is dispatched please refuse the order at the point of delivery or send it back using your returns slip. how do i redeem a promotional code? enter the code in the promotional code box on the payment page and click 'submit'. if the code isn’t working, place your order and contact customer experience with your order number. how do i contact allsaints with any question? you can contact customer expericence here for any general question or in relation with your order. delivery & returns issues we work with our shipping partners to ensure that our customers have a positive experience. however, sometimes an error can occur especially during our busiest periods. please see the below faqs to help troubleshoot delivery and return issues. we take lost and damaged parcels seriously, understand it can be a frustrating experience, and will support our customers with delivery or returns issues in line with our terms & conditions. i'm missing item(s) from my order we’re sorry you haven't received your full order yet. part of your order may have been sourced from one of our stores and will be delivered separately under separate tracking numbers. please note, it can take an additional 3-5 working days or up to 7 working days for international orders if we are still within the delivery time frame, please wait for your order to arrive. if this time has passed, please contact our customer experience team. i've received damaged items we're sorry to hear that your item/s were not perfect upon receipt. please follow our returns process found here, and send the item/s back to our distribution centre or visit your nearest mainline store with your proof of purchase. my order hasn't been delivered yet, what can i do? please check the tracking details provided in the dispatch email. please note that some items may be shipped separately under separate tracking numbers due to being sourced from a store and will take longer. the parcel may have been left in a safe place or with a neighbour depending on your delivery preferences. please check the communication from the courier regarding your delivery. then, if you are still unable to locate your parcel please reach out to our customer experience team. our delivery partners are following strict government guidelines for the safe and secure delivery of orders. please note deliveries may be subject to delays. i think my order may be lost... we’re sorry that your order hasn’t arrived. please review your dispatch tracking number to confirm the location of your parcel. please contact customer experience if your parcel cannot be located or is determined as lost by the courier. allsaints will be required to raise an investigation with the relevant courier on your behalf. allsaints can only raise a claim if notified of the delivery/return issue within 25 days of dispatch. please note this process takes a minimum of 10 business days for an outcome and you will be required to complete a declaration form to confirm denial of receipt. this is standard practice across the industry and this information is required in order for us to raise an investigation and potential claim. find more information in our terms & conditions. i haven't received my refund or i think my return is lost... we’re sorry that your return has not yet been processed. please review your returns tracking number to confirm the location of your parcel. please note that returns processing can take up to 2 weeks. please see here for more information on returns processing. please find more information below: uk domestic returns: for uk royal mail free returns: please note that the royal mail medway centre is not the final destination and it may take between 3-5 working days for your parcel to be delivered to the allsaints distribution centre. this will take longer during busy periods. if the return still cannot be located then please reach out to our customer experience team who will be happy to help. if your return is determined to be lost in transit allsaints will be required to raise an investigation with the relevant courier on your behalf. please note this process takes a minimum of 10 business days for an outcome and is standard industry practice. please review our terms & conditions for more information regarding the lost in transit process. international returns: please note that for international returns you will need to contact your chosen return courier directly as allsaints does not have visibility of the returns tracking. allsaints are unable to open an investigation on your behalf as only the party who paid for the shipment is authorised to do this. therefore, we are unable to accept liability for international return items that are lost in transit. please see the following extract from sections 9.1 and 9.3 of our terms & conditions: “allsaints cannot accept responsibility for goods not received and a proof of signature is required to confirm receipt. we recommend you keep your tracking number until your refund has been processed. please note that unless you are a uk or us customer using our free returns service, all return postage costs are your responsibility.” please note, that your return may have been rejected or delayed if the original airway bill, outbound tracking number, order number and commercial invoice were not detailed on the top of your parcel. please contact your chosen returns courier to raise a dispute. allsaints app how do i download the allsaints app? the allsaints app is currently only available for apple iphone devices compatible with the itunes app store. simply open the ‘app store’ app on your device and search for ‘allsaints’. can i change the language and currency on the allsaints app? the allsaints app is currently only available in english in gbp and usd currencies. do i need to create an account to use the allsaints app? you can create a new account, log into your existing account, or check out as a guest. if i change my account details on the allsaints app will you save these updates? any changes in your account will be saved when you next sign into www.allsaints.com, however items in your wish list or basket will not be visible. what payment is accepted on the allsaints app? you can checkout using amazon pay, visa, mastercard, american express, solo, delta, maestro, prepaid visa cards, visa deferred debit and gbp and usd allsaints gift card. we do not currently offer paypal or other digital wallet payments on our app. you can also save your payment card details on the allsaints app only. are transactions made within the allsaints app secured? all transactions are secured - an ssl encryption system protects your personal and payment data. all payment details are encrypted with our payment provider, plus the option to secure any saved card details using your fingerprint with apple touch id (using iphone 5s or later) or with facial recognition using face id (using iphone x or later). how do i remove a saved card from my account? cards can be removed from the ‘account’ section of the app while logged in with your allsaints account. simply swipe left on a card and tap ‘delete’ to remove. are photos of my card stored when using the card scanning feature? no - we simply read the card details required for payment. the image is not saved and is deleted immediately after use. are any shipping types restricted on the allsaints app? yes, currently we are unable to offer our dpd pick-up service on any app orders and this will not be available at checkout. if i delete the app will all my order history be saved? all orders associated to your login will be recalled in your order history the next time you download the allsaints app and will also be available on the website. if you have checked out as a guest on the app your order will not be saved in your account. how do i turn off push notifications? you can choose not to enable push notifications when opening the app after downloading for the first time, or if you already have the app installed, all notifications can be managed under your device configuration. these can be disabled under: settings > notifications > allsaints > then switching the ‘allow notifications’ button to the ‘off’ state. how do i get updates for the allsaints app? updates can be downloaded from the app store whenever a new version is available, these will update automatically if you choose to enable automatic downloads. these can be enabled under: settings > itunes & app stores > then switching the ‘apps’ button to the ‘on’ state. payments & gift cards when will i be charged? when placing your order we carry out a standard pre-authorisation check on your payment card. payment will not be taken until your order has been dispatched. what payment methods & currencies do you accept? visa, mastercard, american express, solo, delta, maestro, prepaid visa cards, visa deferred debit, paypal, amazon payments, klarna and allsaints gift cards. we currently trade in gbp (£), eur (€), usd ($), won (₩) yen (y) cad ($) what is klarna for more information, please see the full 'klarna' section below. can i claim a tax refund on my order? tax charged on purchases made online cannot be recovered through the vat retail export scheme. however all store purchases are eligible for tax free shopping. if i paid with a gift card and credit card, which will be refunded first? the money is returned first to your gift card and then to the payment card as outlined in section 9.1 of our terms and conditions. if you paid with multiple gift cards, you will be refunded to the first gift card you entered at checkout, and then the remainder will be refunded onto the payment card. i’ve been refunded but no longer have my gift card? we advise our customers to keep their gift cards following a purchase in case of returns. if you no longer have the gift card you used to place the order, please contact our customer experience so we can help you. can i use multiple gift cards on an order? you are able to redeem upto 6 gift cards per transaction across our websites, excluding our mobile app. simply enter your 16 digit gift card number and the 4 digit pin and click apply. repeat the process until you have added all necessary gift cards. if you paid with multiple gift cards, you will be refunded to the first gift card you entered at checkout, and then the remainder will be refunded onto the payment card. do you personalise gift cards? we are unable to add a message to a gift card purchased online, however this is something we are working towards. why do you charge for gift card delivery? all gift cards are packaged in an allsaints gift box and shipped on a tracked service. can i resell my gift card? allsaints gift cards cannot be exchanged or refunded for cash. we are unable to accept gift cards which have been resold. price match policy what is the allsaints price match policy? if you buy an item in an allsaints standalone store or online at www.allsaints.com, and we reduce that item in price within 28 days from the date of purchase, we will refund you the difference. please note that all outlet products are excluded from our price match policy and are not eligible for a price match refund. this applies to both outlet products sold online or in store. at the time of your request to price match, the exact style, colour and size of your item must be in stock and available for purchase at a reduced price online at www.allsaints.com, or in allsaints standalone stores that trades in the same currency. the following conditions and exclusions apply: this price match offer excludes outlet items sold through in stores or online, it also excludes items purchased in department store concessions, auctions or third party websites, travel and duty free stores. the price adjustment credit will be issued to your original form of payment. you may only use this price match offer once against each qualifying item. delivery charges and any other charges and duties are excluded when calculating the original price of an item. we are unable to offer price adjustment on items originally purchased in a sale, using a voucher code or on any special promotion items that are temporarily reduced in price. how does it work for an online purchase? to receive a price adjustment please contact customer experience with your order number, the product name and the current selling price available on www.allsaints.com . how does it work for a store purchase? please visit any allsaints standalone stores, excluding outlet and department store concessions, to request a price adjustment with your original receipt. allsaints may withdraw this offer at any time at its sole discretion. shopping with amazon what is amazon prime & the benefits? amazon prime membership entitles you to free next day delivery on allsaints.com to uk prime members on orders shipped to a uk address with no minimum spend; as well as free returns. allsaints will take care of fulfilling your order and you’ll be charged on dispatch. as a signature is required for all allsaints deliveries, we do not ship to collection points such as amazon lockers. if you're having issues logging into your amazon account, please try resetting your amazon password. allsaints gift cards can be redeemed when purchasing through amazon pay, however we are currently unable to accept amazon gift cards. product & stock what is a store sourced item? a store sourced item is a product which has been fulfilled from one of our stores as no longer available at our distribution centre. store sourced items will be delivered separately within 3-5 working days, including amazon orders. please allow an additional 4 working days for international delivery. you will be advised if an item is coming from a store during the checkout process. when will an item will be back in stock? if your size is out of stock please register your interest on the product page and you’ll be contacted if we get the item back in stock via email. to check your local store availability please call customer experience or the store directly: here. where can i find size and fit information? refer to our size guide page for any size and fit information. our customer experience stylists are on hand 24/7 to offer style and fit advice and place your order by phone if you require further support. can you verify product authenticity? allsaints does not trade via ebay or any other auction website. we are not able to verify the authenticity or quality of any item sold on such a site under the allsaints brand name. how do i care for my allsaints items? see more information here. do you offer garment care advice for allsaints products? each garment has unique care instructions on the internal label. generally, we always advise to read and adhere to the care label and washing instructions before washing your clothes. the care label washing temperature is the highest permitted temperature. if you are unsure, always wash at a lower temperature rather than higher or hand wash. turn garment inside out before washing. are your products sustainable? see more information here. watches are allsaints watches unisex? our allsaints watches are part of our menswear collection, but they look great on everyone. refer to the product details for measurements and wear it your way. can i return or exchange an allsaints watch? yes, our allsaints watches fall under our online and in store returns policy. online orders returned to our distribution centre are only refundable to the original form of payment. are allsaints watches suitable for customers with a nickel allergy? yes, our allsaints watches follow all international standards and are safe for those with a nickel allergy. my allsaints watch is not working? please check that the crown is pushed in. this is how the watch receives the power supply from the battery. do you ship allsaints watches internationally? yes our allsaints watches can be shipped internationally. how are allsaints watches packaged? our allsaints watches are packaged in a signature black branded watch box with the warranty details enclosed. how do i set the time, date and stopwatch? full instructions on how to set your watch are available here for all watch models. where are allsaints watches made? our allsaints watch parts are made in switzerland and assembled in thailand and china. how do i get the links changed on my allsaints watch band? allsaints doesn't offer a link change service in store, but you can use one of our authorised service centres or a watch centre of your choice. link changes do not affect your warranty. how long do the allsaints watch batteries last and how do i change them? the batteries have an average lifespan of 3-5 years depending on the movement, which can be replaced. we recommend that you have your battery changed at one of our authorised service centres. do the allsaints watches have a power saving mechanism? in order to extend the battery life of your watch when it’s not in use, gently pull the movement stem/crown out until you feel it click. this will reduce battery power consumption by 70%. please note that this is the same crown position that is used to perform a quick time setting. how do i make a claim under my warranty? in order to make a claim under your allsaints warranty, please review the instructions and fill out the online form, located here. please select the region you live in so as to determine the service centre to send your watch to. please package your watch securely including, the printed form and a copy of your proof of purchase to the authorised international service centre. if you have any questions please contact your regional authorised allsaints watch service centre here. how do i get my allsaints watch repaired or serviced outside my warranty? to request work not covered under your allsaints warranty, including link changes and battery replacements, please review the instructions and fill the online form located here. please select the region you live in so as to determine the service centre to send your watch to. please package your watch securely including, the printed form and a copy of your proof of purchase to the authorised international service centre. you will be notified of the cost and be charged by the service centre directly if required. if you have any questions please contact your selected service centre here. how do i clean my watch crystal, crown and band? clean the watch with a soft cloth and water only. do not submerge watch under water. after contact with saltwater, rinse watch under tap water and wipe dry with a soft cloth. metal bracelets should be cleaned periodically. clean with a soft brush dipped in mild soapy water and dry thoroughly with a soft cloth. can i buy additional bands or metal bracelets? we don't sell additional allsaints watch bands or bracelets. you can select alternative bands of your choice, that fit our universal measurement and spring bars. if you wish to change your watch band or bracelet, please note that you will need to source the replacement band or bracelet yourself and cover the cost of fitting at a service centre of your choice. can i return my watch to an allsaints store for repair or to have links removed? no, we do not have the facilities in our allsaints stores to repair watches or remove links. for link removal, you can use one of our authorised service centres or a watch centre of your choice. link changes do not affect your warranty. in order to make a claim under your allsaints warranty please review the instructions and fill the online form located here selecting the region you live in to determine the service centre to send your watch to. please package your watch securely and include the printed form and a copy of your proof of purchase to the authorised service centre. if you have any questions please contact your selected service centre here. are allsaints watches waterproof? no, our watches are not waterproof, however they are designed with a minimum water resistance rating of 5atm (100ft/50m). the water-resistance of a timepiece protects the movement from dust, moisture, and risk of damage to the movement should it be immersed in water. allsaints watches are suitable for light spray, perspiration and light rain. they are not suitable for swimming, showering, diving, or bathing. why is the chrono seconds hand not moving? a chronograph watch is used to measure time - it can be started, stopped and returned to zero by pressing the pusher buttons. the long center hand is actually the seconds counter of the chronograph timer. when you press the button a (top button above the crown), the seconds counter hand begins to count down. when you press button b (bottom button below the crown), the hands stops. this hand does not run automatically like a seconds hand. how do i care for my watch? due to the complex integration of parts within the timepiece, it is important to avoid the below conditions. a watch should never be worn in a sauna, a shower or a bath as hot water may damage its water-resistance seals. if your watch is exposed to salt water, rinse the timepiece with fresh water to prevent the salt from damaging water-resistance seals. avoid extreme conditions, heat, cold, exposure to wet conditions, sunlight and direct contact with perfume or cologne. for more information, please see the full care guide here. what is a gmt movement? the gmt (greenwich mean time) movement features a 24 hour hand that can be used to show a second time zone or to calculate the time in another part of the world. you can read the time by using the military 1-24 scale on the inner part of the topring. how do magnetic fields affect my timepiece? the exposure of your watch to strong magnetic fields, such as loudspeakers, tablets or smartphones, will affect its time keeping ability and may cause it to stop. our allsaints quartz watches will resume working with original accuracy when it is removed from the magnetic field. do i need to update the time on my watch for daylight savings? yes, you will need to update the time on your watch twice a year for daylight savings. our stores where’s my nearest store? you can search for your closest store via our store locator. can i return a department store concession purchase to an allsaints store? no. we are unable to accept returns from for allsaints items bought in department stores. all items purchased through one of our concessions would fall under the host store’s returns policy and should be returned to that store directly. do you offer click and collect? no, we are currently working towards offering this service. if you select delivery to one of our stores, we cannot accept liability for the parcel and may contact you to request an alternative address. can you transfer a product to my local store? this is not a service our network is currently able to support. however we can place an online order for home or business address delivery. resolutions who do i contact if i’m unhappy with the service i’ve received? you can contact our customer experience. we welcome all feedback and will work with you to resolve your query. who do i contact if i have an issue which allsaints are unable to resolve? the european online dispute resolution platform provides information about alternative dispute resolution which may be of interest if there is a dispute about an online purchase which allsaints cannot resolve with our customer. for more information please contact customer experience. technical & website security i’m having trouble with your website, what do i do? clear your cookies, close your browser, reopen it and visit our site again. we also suggest that you use the latest version of your operating system provider e.g. windows, osx etc. if you’re still having problems, contact customer experience. is your website secure? all transactions are secured. the allsaints website is provided with an ssl encryption system to protect personal and payment data. please click here for more information: privacy policy ethical shopping are your products ethically sourced & manufactured? sourcing: allsaints products are made using ethical labour and materials. our vendors, suppliers and subcontractors are all obliged to sign our compliance manual based on the core conventions of the international labour organisation. the provisions of these conventions constitute the minimum and not the maximum standards all suppliers must meet in order to do business with allsaints. all animal derived products are from ethical vendors that ensure animals are treated humanely. it is our strong view and business policy that human or animal rights should never be compromised as a result of our business in any form. manufacturing: we have a code of conduct to ensure all employees that produce our products are treated ethically and fairly. we always seek to work with reputable and ethical suppliers globally and only engage vendors with transparent track records. we have established a narrow and select supplier base with whom we work very closely. as a result we have gained knowledge of their practices and collaborate with them on continuous improvements in process and standards. are your products sustainable? see more information here. how do you procure exotic skins? allsaints is a member of the cites management authority (convention on international trade in endangered species of wild fauna and flora ) who require strict adherence to record keeping. this is a very rigorous system that ensures traceability, sustainability and best practice. we always seek to work with reputable and ethical suppliers globally. we only engage vendors with transparent track records. we have established a narrow and select supplier base with whom we work very closely. as a result we have knowledge of their practices and collaborate with them on continuous-improvements in process and standards. are allsaints fragrances tested on animals? allsaints fragrance are not tested on animals what is not for sale? allsaints supports the not for sale charitable organisation which protects people and communities from human trafficking. their work provides survivors and at-risk communities in nine countries with safety, stability, education and economic opportunities. gender pay gap gender pay gap legislation, under the equality act 2010, requires an employer with 250 employees or more to publish their gender pay gap for their employees. allsaints is extremely proud of its long track record of recruiting and retaining a diverse workforce from all backgrounds and walks of life, as reflected by the incredible 37 different nationalities currently employed in head office. treating our employees, customers and partners fairly and equally is at the core of our philosophy as a business, and we believe that this is reflected in the gender balance and pay within our company. allsaints is therefore pleased to present the following figures as at the snapshot date of 5 april 2018. dpd pick up what is dpd pick up? dpd pickup is a delivery service available in the uk only. it allows you to have your parcel delivered to your local dpd pickup shop. you’ll be notified by email & sms when your parcel is ready to collect, and you'll have up to 7 calendar days to collect at a time to suit you. please bring a photo id such as driving license or passport, and a pick-up pass such as the 2d code you receive from dpd or your utility bill. there are 2,500 dpd pickup shops in the uk with many offering extended opening times. locations include halfords, rowlands & numark pharmacy chains and doddle sites at key railway stations. simply select dpd pickup and choose a pickup shop from the list available at the checkout. dpd will provide tracking information as soon as your order leaves our warehouse. for more information, please click link here: dpd pick up faqs accessibility statement our commitment to accessibility allsaints retail limited (“allsaints”, “we” or “our”) are committed to inclusion and accessibility. we work hard to make sure everyone is welcome and put great emphasis on celebrating diversity and ensuring we are an inclusive place to work and shop. we continue to take steps to improve our accessibility and accommodate our customers needs. we strongly encourage vendors of third-party digital content to provide content that is accessible and user friendly, however this is something we cannot control. please contact customer experience if you are having difficulty viewing or navigating the content on this website, or notice any content, feature, or functionality that requires improvement. please state “disabled access” in the subject line and provide a description of your feedback. this will help us identify usability issues and discover new solutions to further improve the accessibility of our site. store accessibility at allsaints it is important to create an inclusive brand experience, starting with accessibility for all customers including those less abled. whether you're shopping in store, at allsaints.com, or engaging with us on other channels, our number one goal is to make you feel comfortable and confident. please let us know when you arrive in store about any adjustments you might need. klarna which regions is klarna available in? klarna is available on the allsaints uk, us and de websites. the offering differs slightly by region based on eligibility, please see below: uk website: uk billing address = pay later 30 days and pay in 3 us website: us billing address = pay in 4 ( a valid phone number and a 6 digit authentication code is required during checkout) de website: german billing address = pay later 14 days please note you are able to ship to an international shipping address as long as your billing address is compliant with the above criteria. what are the value thresholds for klarna? if you are eligible, the option will be presented to you at checkout. your purchase must meet the requirements below: pay later uk = more than £0.01 and less than £2,250 pay in 3 uk = more than £35 and less than £2,250 pay in 4 us = more than $35 and less than $2,500 pay later de = more than €0.01 and less than €5000 why am i not seeing klarna payment option at the checkout? this could be due to a number of factors including: billing address details being outside of the uk, us and de, cardholder details, value of the order being above or below the threshold or previous order history. please note that klarna will not be available on the digital store ordering system in store, on our customer experience phone order system or the allsaints app. why am i being asked for a 6 digit authentication code? please note that for security reasons you may be required to enter a valid phone number and a 6 digit verification code by klarna during your checkout. the 6 digit authorisation code will be sent you by klarna by sms to verify your details. if you experience any issues with this, please contact the klarna customer service team who are available 24/7 across phone and chat. i am having trouble placing an order with klarna - why is this? if you have any trouble placing an order with klarna, it could be due to one of the following reasons: klarna payments are subject to your financial circumstances. klarna may have rejected your application to pay later, pay in 3 or pay in 4. we’d recommend choosing another type of payment or placing an order for a smaller amount. you may have outstanding payments owed on previous klarna purchases. you may have missed a required field at the checkout, such as filling in your date of birth or a valid billing address. please note that for us pay in 4 orders you will be required to enter a valid phone number during your checkout and you will be sent a 6 digit verification code by klarna. please note that klarna is an independent payment company and allsaints has no influence over whether your payment with klarna is accepted or not. if you experience any issues with your payment, please contact the klarna customer service team who are available 24/7 across phone and chat. how will klarna handle my personal data? klarna will handle your personal information in accordance with the information in klarna's privacy notice and klarna's terms and conditions. for additional questions or details around these faqs, or for inquiries about your payment or account, please reach out to klarna customer service team, or visit your klarna app. if i paid with an allsaints gift card and klarna, which will be refunded first? if you have paid for your purchase using a gift card and klarna, then the total amount paid on the gift card will be refunded to the gift card first. the remainder of the total which was paid with klarna will be refunded via your original payment method. klarna allows 3-5 working days for refunds to reach a customer’s account. for any issues or enquiries relating to klarna payments, refunds or disputes, please contact the klarna customer service team who are available 24/7 across phone and chat. can i change or cancel my allsaints klarna order once it has been placed? you may amend or cancel an order before we send you a dispatch email by contacting customer experience. if the order is dispatched, please refuse the order at the point of delivery or send it back using your returns slip. once received at our distribution centre, your return will be processed and payment returned to you via your original payment method. we are unable to change your delivery address once your order has been placed. who do i contact regarding my allsaints klarna order if i have a query or issue? for any issues or enquiries relating to klarna payments, refunds or disputes, please contact the klarna customer service team who are available 24/7 across phone and chat. please contact allsaints customer experience directly for any enquiries regarding your allsaints order or allsaints product, for example: order cancellation, product quality, size and fit advice, pricing, faulty product, shipment or general complaints. please note allsaints are unable to advise on klarna payment related enquiries. can i return my allsaints klarna order to an allsaints store? online orders placed using klarna can be returned to an allsaints mainline store that trades in the same for a refund via the original form of payment or exchange, please note that allsaints orders placed using klarna cannot be refunded onto a gift card and refunds will be returned to the original form of payment. if i return my klarna order after 14 days, will i be refunded to a gift card? no, we are unable to refund klarna orders to a gift card. you will be refunded via your original payment method within 28 days. new to allsaints? sign up for 15% off full-price styles in your first order. thank you. if you're new to allsaints, you'll receive your exclusive code in minutes. sign up to receive exclusive updates on our new collections and special offers. to improve your experience we may; profile, segment, test, analyse and model your details. you can unsubscribe at any time via the link in your emails. please refer to our privacy policy for further details. womenswear menswear customer services contact us christmas delivery delivery returns faqs size guide klarna legal & cookies accessibility adjustments terms & conditions privacy policy tax strategy modern slavery act gender pay gap our company sustainability site map careers store locator store reopening follow us instagram discord facebook twitter youtube pinterest download our app img-https://images.allsaints.com/static/600/app-icon.svg copyright © 2021 allsaints all rights reserved