来源URL: https://web.archive.org/web/20211231224947/https://www.allsaints.com/help-and-support/returns/
================================================================================

allsaints uk: returns sign up to receive exclusive updates on our new collections and special offers. to improve your experience we may; profile, segment, test, analyse and model your details. you can unsubscribe at any time via the link in your emails. please refer to our privacy policy for further details. 15% off your first order new to allsaints? sign up to our emails for 15% off full-price styles (excludes sale & outlet) in your first order. your exclusive code will be with you in minutes. email input womenswear menswear menu english (£) close get the best experience change to your country's website for localised options and currencies. please note: changing countries will empty your basket. 如您填寫的訂單收件地點為中國香港及台灣等需要以國際物流寄送之地區則需自行負擔可能產生之關稅及匯差等相關費用。 change region stay on current site shopping bag (0) your bag is empty total £0 checkout continue shopping menu delivery country change to your country's website for localised options and currencies. please note: changing countries will empty your basket deutsch (€) français (€) english (eu) (€) english (ie) (€) english ($) canadian (c$) 한국어 (₩) 日本 (¥) english (£) sign in deutsch (eur / €) français (eur / €) english (eu) (eur / €) english (ie) (eur / €) english (usd / $) canadian (cad / c$) 한국어 (krw / ₩) 日本 (jpy / ¥) women shop new arrivals bestsellers limited edition partywear loungewear fragrance candles gifts for her gifts for him gift cards clothing leather jackets dresses knitwear coats & jackets sweatshirts tops & shirts t-shirts trousers jeans skirts & shorts nightwear underwear & socks shoes & accessories all shoes all accessories handbags jewellery belts scarves hats gloves wallets hair accessories face masks watches stories allsaints christmas new la sessions: ryan trey new feature: partywear the gift guide the fragrance collection feature: getting cold the denim guide a conscious commitment not for sale: 10 years leather size guide our leather story @allsaints free uk delivery on orders over £150 & uk returns men shop new arrivals bestsellers limited edition partywear loungewear ramskull fragrance gifts for him gifts for her gift cards clothing leather jackets coats & jackets knitwear shirts t-shirts sweatshirts polos jeans trousers shorts shoes & accessories all shoes all accessories jewellery belts bags wallets hats scarves gloves watches face masks stories allsaints christmas new la sessions: ryan trey new feature: partywear the gift guide the fragrance collection feature: getting cold the denim guide a conscious commitment not for sale: 10 years leather size guide our leather story @allsaints free uk delivery on orders over £150 & uk returns gifts women the gift guide handbags jewellery fragrance & candles accessories boots & shoes wallets leather jackets dresses knitwear cashmere nightwear underwear & socks men the gift guide accessories watches jewellery fragrance & candles ramskull leather jackets coats & jackets shirts knitwear multipacks underwear & socks shop by gifts for her under £50 under £100 luxury gifts gifts for him under £50 under £100 luxury gifts gift cards free uk delivery on orders over £150 & uk returns leather women leather jackets biker jackets suede jackets the balfern the dalby shearling jackets women's size guide men leather jackets biker jackets suede jackets bomber jackets shearling jackets men's size guide discover allsaints leather leather care guide our leather story free uk delivery on orders over £150 & uk returns stores search skip to content country sign in wishlist bag when autocomplete results are available use up and down arrows to review and enter to select. touch device users, explore by touch or with swipe gestures. sign in log in or register to save your wishlist added to wishlist when autocomplete results are available use up and down arrows to review and enter to select. touch device users, explore by touch or with swipe gestures. when autocomplete results are available use up and down arrows to review and enter to select. touch device users, explore by touch or with swipe gestures. women shop new arrivals bestsellers limited edition partywear loungewear fragrances & candles gifts for her gifts for him gift cards clothing leather jackets dresses knitwear coats & jackets sweatshirts & hoodies tops & shirts t-shirts trousers & leggings jeans skirts & shorts nightwear underwear & socks shoes & accessories all shoes all accessories handbags jewellery belts scarves hats gloves wallets hair accessories face masks watches stories allsaints christmas new la sessions: ryan trey new feature: partywear the gift guide the fragrance collection feature: getting cold the denim guide a conscious commitment not for sale: 10 years leather size guide our leather story @allsaints men shop new arrivals bestsellers limited edition partywear loungewear ramskull fragrances & candles gifts for him gifts for her gift cards clothing leather jackets coats & jackets knitwear shirts t-shirts sweatshirts & hoodies polos jeans trousers shorts shoes & accessories all shoes all accessories jewellery belts bags wallets hats scarves gloves face masks watches stories allsaints christmas new la sessions: ryan trey new feature: partywear the gift guide the fragrance collection feature: getting cold the denim guide a conscious commitment not for sale: 10 years leather size guide our leather story @allsaints gifts for her the gift guide gifts for her under £50 under £100 luxury gifts gift cards handbags jewellery fragrance & candles accessories boots & shoes wallets leather jackets dresses knitwear cashmere nightwear underwear & socks gifts for him the gift guide gifts for him under £50 under £100 luxury gifts gift cards accessories watches jewellery fragrance & candles ramskull leather jackets coats & jackets shirts knitwear multipacks underwear & socks leather women leather jackets biker jackets suede jackets the balfern the dalby shearling jackets women's size guide men leather jackets biker jackets suede jackets bomber jackets shearling jackets men's size guide discover allsaints leather leather care guide our leather story stores store information find your nearest store guide to reopening english (£) my account sign in returns & refunds we are extending our returns policy during the holiday and gifting season for purchases made online and in store from 01 november 2021 to 09 january 2022. find more details below. holiday returns policy: online & in store we are extending our returns policy during the holiday and gifting season for purchases made online and in store from 01 november 2021 to 09 january 2022. please see specific terms below: online returns to distribution centre you can return gift purchases made online from november 1 2021 to january 9 2022 for a refund to the original form of payment with proof of purchase. we do not offer exchanges for items returned to our distribution centre. online returns to store you can return gift purchases made online to any mainline allsaints store from november 1 2021 to january 9 2022 for an exchange, gift card (excluding klarna purchases) or a refund to the original form of payment with proof of purchase. mainline stores you can return gift purchases made in an allsaints mainline store from november 1 2021 to january 9 2022 for an exchange, gift card or a refund to the original form of payment with proof of purchase. excludes outlets and concessions. outlet stores you can return gift purchases made in an allsaints outlet store from november 1 2021 to january 9 2022 for an exchange only. we are unable to refund outlet store purchases. please note that online orders and purchases from mainline stores cannot be returned or exchanged in concession and physical outlet stores. concessions stores the allsaints holiday return policy will not be applicable to purchases made in allsaints concessions stores. purchases made in department store concessions should be returned or exchanged in accordance with the department store's own returns policy. allsaints online orders cannot be returned or exchanged in concessions stores. allsaints online returns policy from november 2021 we will no longer be offering exchanges for online orders returned to our distribution centre. you can continue to exchange online orders in our allsaints mainline stores. for a refund to the original form of payment, please return your online order in its original condition to our distribution centre within 28 days of receiving. this applies to full price, sale and online outlet purchases. for footwear returns, ensure footwear is returned in the original box. you’ll be refunded to your original form of payment. allow 5-10 working days for refunded payments to appear in your account. items received outside of our 28 days return period will be returned to you. if your payment was made using one or more gift cards and a credit card, we’ll refund the gift card you entered first during the checkout, followed by your payment card. if your payment was made using multiple gift cards, we’ll refund the first gift card number you entered when checking out. please keep all gift cards used to place an order in case of returns. gift card refunds will appear on your card within 24 hours. uk domestic orders will include a free returns label unless your order contains a fragrance product. european and international orders can be returned using any trackable postal service and you'll need to cover the postage costs yourself. to avoid tax and duty charges for returns please provide your courier with the order number, outbound tracking number and airway bill and note this on the parcel to demonstrate its a return purchase to allsaints. klarna returns: please note that allsaints orders placed using klarna cannot be refunded onto a gift card. you will be refunded to your original form of payment. to protect your purchase, a selection of our dresses and leathers are tagged and refunds will only be offered if this tag remains attached when returned. dress returns received without the tag attached will either be exchanged or returned to the customer. please note, we monitor the number of returns made by customers. unusual activity and continued returns will be flagged and potentially refused at our discretion or lead to the closure of your allsaints account. return in store return your online order to any allsaints store that trades in the same currency for a refund via the original form of payment, exchange or gift card within 28 days (excluding global department stores, concessions and physical outlets). returned items must be in their original condition, and accompanied by a copy of your original invoice. if you exchange your online purchase in store you fall under the store’s return policy for further exchanges. your statutory rights are not affected. online orders placed using klarna can be returned to store for a refund via the original form of payment or exchange. please note that allsaints orders placed using klarna cannot be refunded onto a gift card and refunds will be returned to the original form of payment. fragrance returns for health and hygiene reasons we are unable to exchange or refund fragrances once the original packaging and cellophane wrap has been opened or the product has been used. uk orders will not include free returns labels if your purchase included a fragrance due to strict shipping legislation surrounding the transportation of flammable substances. our current uk returns service does not support this. please contact customer experience to arrange a collection for your fragrance and facilitate a return to our distribution center. face masks returns for health and hygiene reasons we are unable to exchange or refund face masks unless they are faulty. swimwear and underwear returns to return swimwear and underwear it must be unused with complete original packaging. handbag returns to return your handbag please wrap carefully in the original dust bag to prevent any damage during shipping. when examining your handbag please be mindful not to scratch or mark the product. footwear returns please ensure you package your footwear carefully in the original shoe box to prevent any damage during shipping. when examining your footwear please be mindful not to scratch or mark the product. jewellery returns to return jewellery items (excluding pierced earrings) they must be unused and returned in resalable condition. for health and hygiene reasons we are unable to exchange or refund pierced earrings unless they are faulty. cancellation alternatively, if you are a uk or european customer, you may cancel your order and return any item to us in accordance with the consumer contracts regulations 2013. please see our terms and conditions for further details. allsaints store returns policy refunds: should you need to return anything purchased at an allsaints store, please bring your receipt and unworn items back for a refund based on the original payment method. restrictions apply. please bring your receipt and the item in its original condition, back within 28 days for a refund via your original form of payment or gift card. concession purchases are to be returned according to the department stores own policy. outlet store purchases can be returned to an outlet store for an exchange only. online orders placed using klarna can be returned to store for a refund via the original form of payment or exchange. please note that allsaints orders placed using klarna cannot be refunded onto a gift card and refunds will be returned to the original form of payment. exchanges: any items purchased at an allsaints store, or online at allsaints.com can be exchanged. you can exchange your purchase for another item or gift card (excluding klarna purchases) at any store that accepts the same currency as the original purchase. items purchased in an allsaints store or allsaints.com can be exchanged in any store (excluding outlets and concessions) trading in the same currency within 28 days. online orders placed using klarna can be returned to store for a refund via the original form of payment or exchange. please note that allsaints orders placed using klarna cannot be refunded onto a gift card and refunds will be returned to the original form of payment. concessions and physical outlet stores: purchases made in department store concessions should be returned or exchanged in accordance with the department store’s own policy. purchases made in our outlet stores can be exchanged for a gift card or alternate style. online orders cannot be returned or exchanged in concession and outlet stores. purchases made in department store concessions should be returned or exchanged in accordance with the department store’s own return and exchange policy. purchases made in our physical outlet stores can only be exchanged for a gift card or alternate style in a physical outlet store within 28 days. we are unable to refund outlet store purchases. please note that online orders and purchases from mainline stores cannot be returned or exchanged in concession and physical outlet stores. please note, we monitor the number of returns made by customers and continued returns will be flagged and potentially refused at our discretion or lead to the closure of your allsaints account. your statutory rights are not affected. how to return an online order return your online order to our distribution centre within 28 days of receiving your order for a refund to your original form of payment. please note from november 2021 we will no longer be offering exchanges for online orders returned to our distribution centre. for security reasons, we are unable to accept hand-carried returns to our distribution centre. returns address: allsaints website returns, unit 6, new hythe business park, bellingham way, larkfield, aylesford, me20 6sq, united kingdom return to distribution centre: uk returns: complete your returns form, apply the royal mail freepost label to the front of the parcel and drop off at your nearest post office. please keep your postage receipt for your own security. if you didn’t receive a return form you can include a written note with your name, order number and reason for return. you can also create a new trackable freepost label through royal mail’s online returns portal. please contact the customer experience team if royal mail do not accept your parcel due to size or weight restrictions and a stylist will be happy to help you. alternatively, if you are a uk or european customer, you may cancel your order and return any item to us in accordance with the consumer contracts regulations 2013. please see our terms and conditions for further details. your unwanted items are your responsibility until they reach our warehouse. please retain your proof of postage. european & international returns: you can return your order using any trackable postal service; you'll need to cover the postage costs yourself. to avoid tax and duty charges for returns please mark your parcel as ‘returned goods’ and provide your courier with the order number, outbound tracking number, airway bill and commercial invoice and note this on the top of the parcel to demonstrate it's a return purchase to allsaints. please note that failure to return your parcel with this information will result in delays in your return being processed, additional charges or your parcel may be returned to you. if you didn’t receive a return form you can include a written note with your name, order number and the reason for return. alternatively, if you are a european customer, you may cancel your order and return any item to us in accordance with the consumer contracts regulations 2013. please see our terms and conditions for further details. please return your order to: allsaints website returns, unit 6, new hythe business park, bellingham way, larkfield, aylesford, me20 6sq, united kingdom return to store: return your online order to any mainline store that trades in the same currency for a refund, via the original form of payment, exchange or gift card within 28 days (excluding global department stores and outlets). returned items must be in their original condition, and accompanied by a copy of your original invoice. if you exchange your online purchase in store you fall under the store’s return policy for further exchanges. online orders placed using klarna can be returned to store for a refund via the original form of payment or exchange only and cannot be refunded onto a gift card. your statutory rights are not affected. processing time for returns and refunds once your return has been received and your refund has been processed, allow 5-10 working days for refunds to appear in your available funds, depending on your bank. online order - uk returns: your parcel may take 3-5 business days to be delivered to allsaints, this varies during peak dependent on volumes. please note that medway is a royal mail facility and not allsaints distribution centre. it can take another 48-72 hours for the package to be delivered to allsaints. you can track your parcel online using the royal mail track and trace service. online order - european & international returns: your parcel may take 5-10 working days to be delivered to allsaints, depending on the courier of your choice and origin. we advise that you use a trackable service for your return. please note that returns cost is the responsibility for the customer and allsaints cannot accept liability for international returns. delivery costs refund: uk orders: your delivery costs will not be refunded if you cancel your order post dispatch and use our free uk returns service as the free returns service is provided in place of reimbursement of the original delivery charges. europe and international orders: your delivery costs will be refunded if you cancel post dispatch as we do not offer a free returns service for international orders. delivery costs will be refunded in the following circumstances: if you cancel your order before dispatch. if you return a faulty item. if we cancel your order due to stock availability. if you choose to cancel your order under the consumer contracts regulations (in which case we will refund you the value of our least expensive /standard delivery method). please see our terms and conditions for more information on how to cancel under the consumer contracts regulations. please note that if you cancel your order under the consumer contracts regulations you will not be able to use our free returns service but will have to pay the cost of returning the item to us. will customs, duties and sales taxes be refunded if i return my order? orders delivered within the eu: if your order has been sent to a destination within the eu, all sales taxes will be refunded. orders delivered outside the eu (other than australia): if your order has been sent to a destination outside the eu, customs duties and sales taxes are non-refundable through allsaints. however, you may be able to recover these by contacting your local customs bureau directly. as this may not be available for all countries, we recommend that you hire a customs broker if you wish to claim back duties on returned merchandise. please note that refunds can take up to 10 working days to show on your account due to varying processing times between payment providers. orders delivered to australia: from 1 july 2018, if your order has been sent to australia and you have paid aud $1,000 or less for your basket, all sales taxes will be refunded. if your order has been sent to australia and you have paid more than aud $1,000 for your basket, customs duties and sales taxes are non-refundable through allsaints. however, you may be able to recover these by contacting your local customs bureau directly. as this may not be available for all countries, we recommend that you hire a customs broker if you wish to claim back duties on returned merchandise. please note that refunds can take up to 10 working days to show on your account due to varying processing times between payment providers. what are the consumer contracts regulations and how do they apply to me? the consumer contracts regulations are in place to protect your rights. you have 14 days from the date you receive your order to cancel it. email us at ask@allsaints.com with your name and order number and we’ll take it from there. for further details on how to cancel your order and return an item to us in accordance with the consumer contracts regulations 2013, please see clause 8 of our terms and conditions for further details. for delivery information, please see the full delivery section here. you can also find our full faqs section here. new to allsaints? sign up for 15% off full-price styles in your first order. thank you. if you're new to allsaints, you'll receive your exclusive code in minutes. sign up to receive exclusive updates on our new collections and special offers. to improve your experience we may; profile, segment, test, analyse and model your details. you can unsubscribe at any time via the link in your emails. please refer to our privacy policy for further details. womenswear menswear customer services contact us christmas delivery delivery returns faqs size guide klarna legal & cookies accessibility adjustments terms & conditions privacy policy tax strategy modern slavery act gender pay gap our company sustainability site map careers store locator store reopening follow us instagram discord facebook twitter youtube pinterest download our app img-https://images.allsaints.com/static/600/app-icon.svg copyright © 2021 allsaints all rights reserved