来源URL: https://web.archive.org/web/20221231234948/https://www.allsaints.com/help/contact-us/faqs/faq.html
================================================================================

frequently asked questions | allsaints before you start shopping we use cookies to personalise content, analyse traffic and for advertising. read our cookie policy accept strictly necessary cookies accept all skip to content (press enter) skip to footer (press enter) enjoy free standard delivery enjoy free returns outlet up to 70% off women all outlet outlet dresses outlet leather jackets outlet t-shirts & sweatshirts outlet coats & jackets outlet knitwear outlet tops & shirts outlet jeans & trousers outlet skirts outlet footwear & accessories men all outlet outlet t-shirts & sweatshirts outlet leather jackets outlet coats & jackets outlet shirts outlet knitwear outlet jeans & trousers outlet footwear & accessories shop outlet new in women's new arrivals men's new arrivals women's leathers men's leathers women new arrivals all sale new arrivals bestsellers conscious clothing occasionwear denim shop co-ords day to night prints gift cards gifts clothing dresses leather jackets t-shirts tops & shirts coats & jackets knitwear sweatshirts & hoodies jeans trousers & leggings skirts & shorts tailoring loungewear nightwear & underwear shoes & accessories boots & shoes accessories handbags & purses leather belts jewellery hats, scarves & gloves fragrance edits 2023: love, my way la sessions: gavin haley all together a conscious commitment shop new arrivals men new arrivals all sale new arrivals bestsellers ramskull multipacks conscious clothing occasionwear denim shop day to night prints gift cards gifts clothing t-shirts shirts leather jackets coats & jackets sweatshirts & hoodies knitwear polo shirts jeans trousers loungewear tailoring underwear & socks shoes & accessories boots & shoes accessories bags & wallets leather belts jewellery hats, scarves & gloves fragrance watches edits 2023: love, my way la sessions: gavin haley all together a conscious commitment shop new arrivals leather women all leathers biker jackets suede jackets black leather jackets leather jackets new colours cropped leather jackets shearling jackets belted leather jackets balfern biker jacket dalby biker jacket leather clothing leather boots leather accessories men all leathers biker jackets suede jackets black leather jackets brown leather jackets bomber jackets shearling jackets leather boots suede boots leather accessories women's leathers men's leathers edits women 2023: love, my way all together men 2023: love, my way all together learn more a conscious commitment allsaints leather la sessions gavin haley: mine yde: old her view our edits stores sign in / register wish list stores united kingdom | en (£) need help? phone: +44 344 980 2211 monday to friday: 9am-1am gmt saturday and sunday: 9am-11pm gmt. email: ask@allsaints.com contact us menu clear sign in / register wish list allsaints work better with javasript enabled. to enable javascript, please click here. you are using an unsupported browser or your browser might be in the compatibility view mode your cookies are disabled. to experience the full world of sfra, please enable these or check whether another program is blocking them. by enabling them, you are agreeing to our cookie policy home contact us frequently asked questions back help menu help contact us delivery returns faqs terms & conditions terms of site use privacy policy cookies tax policy modern slavery act press & wholesale need help? phone: +44 344 980 2211 monday to friday: 09:30-00:00 bst saturday and sunday: 09:30-22:00 bst email: ask@allsaints.com contact us frequently asked questions ordering online welcome to our new website. if you’re a returning customer your account is ready, but you need to reset your password. unable to log in? please check that you’re shopping on the correct country’s website. see our faqs below for more information. gifting we're sorry we do not offer gift wrap, gift messaging or virtual gift cards. accessing your allsaints online account select “my account” and set your new password. please ensure you’re shopping on the correct country’s website based on where you’d like your order delivered to. issues finding your account we have launched a new website. in some cases, our website migration has used the last delivery address as opposed to the billing address. our uk website delivers to uk domestic addresses only. if you wish to deliver to a us domestic address, please set up a new account on our us website. if you wish to deliver to an international destination, please set up a new account on our row website. password reset, forgotten passwords and format click “sign in” and select “reset password”, enter your email address and we’ll send you an email to reactivate your account. if you’ve forgotten your password, click the sign in icon on the top-right of our website, then click ‘forgot your password? ’your password should include 11 or more characters, at least one capital letter, one number and one special character. we recommend using google chrome in incognito mode and to clear your cookies and cache for optimal performance. orders purchased with amazonpay any orders placed on our website will show in your allsaints order history. checking out as a guest if you have an account you can still checkout as a guest. however, if you sign in you will benefit from a speedier checkout, including saved addresses, payment details and order history. printing a return label for uk or us orders you will receive a pre-printed free returns label with your order. however, if you have lost or did not receive your returns label, please see below guidelines. for uk orders, create a new trackable freepost label through royal mail’s online returns portal. for us orders, log in to your account at 'my account', 'my orders' and select the 'reprint free returns label; or contact customer experience. printing a return label for international orders please visit the global-e portal - click here to create your online return. wish list use the heart icons on products to add to your wish list. items will be permanently saved in your wish list if you’re signed into your account (7 days otherwise). once signed in you can add to bag, and also share your wish list by clicking on the share icons. changing email address on your account unfortunately we’re unable to change email addresses. should you wish to use a new email address, please set up a new account. saving payment details you can save payment details in your “my account”. placing orders as a guest you can check out as a guest. alternatively, you can use apple pay. tracking orders as a guest you will receive a tracking number in your dispatch confirmation email. you will also be able to use in-flight options for your convenience to manage your order. as a guest customer you will no longer be able to print free returns labels and manage your order from within the guest account. please contact customer experience if you are a guest customer and no longer have your free returns label. changing or cancelling orders you may cancel an order before we send you a dispatch email by contacting customer experience. if the order is dispatched please refuse the order at the point of delivery or send it back using your returns slip. please note: you are not currently able to cancel your order in your account. you are unable to change the color or size of the items in your order once the order has been confirmed, you will need to cancel your order and place a new order. for third party payments such as amazon, paypal and klarna, we are unable to change the shipping address or email address for security reasons, therefore you will need to cancel your order and place a new order. packaging depending on the size of your order, your parcel will either arrive in a polybag envelope or in a cardboard box. all gift cards are packaged in an allsaints gift box and shipped on a secure tracked service. promotional codes enter the code in the promotional code box in your shopping bag and click 'submit'. if the code isn’t working, place your order and contact customer experience with your order number. dpd pickup dpd pickup is our uk delivery service, allowing you to have your parcel delivered to your local dpd pickup shop. please note that this will be on a standard delivery service. simply select dpd pickup and choose a pickup shop from the list available at checkout. dpd will provide tracking information as soon as your order leaves our warehouse and you’ll be notified by email & sms when your parcel is ready – you'll have 7 days to collect. photo id (such as a driving licence or passport) and a pick-up pass (such as the 2d code you receive from dpd or your utility bill) will be required upon collection. there are over 2,500 dpd pickup shops in the uk with many offering extended opening times. locations include halfords, rowlands & numark pharmacy chains and doddle sites at key railway stations. for more information, have a look at dpd’s faqs. order issues lost orders undelivered orders check your dispatch tracking number to confirm the location of your parcel. contact customer experience if your parcel cannot be located despite the tracking showing “delivered” or is determined as lost by the courier. allsaints will raise an investigation with the relevant courier on your behalf. you will be sent an email by your carrier or by customer experience if your order is delayed. please note that we can only raise an investigation if advised of the delivery/return issue within 25 days of dispatch. this process takes a minimum of 10 business days for an outcome and you will be required to complete a declaration form to confirm non-receipt. find more information in our terms and conditions. damaged orders damaged items please follow our returns process and send the item(s) back to our distribution centre. alternatively, you can return your item(s) to your nearest allsaints store with your proof of purchase. incomplete orders missing item(s) we’re sorry your order is incomplete. please note some orders are sourced from various locations and if this happens you’ll be notified on the email address you provided. please note, it can take an additional 3-5 business days. if this timeframe has passed, please contact customer experience. check the tracking details provided in the dispatch email. please note that some items may be shipped from various locations. split orders will receive separate tracking numbers for these and you will be notified of them in your dispatch email. please check your delivery preferences and designated safe place. please check the communication from the courier regarding your delivery. if you are still unable to locate your parcel please reach out to customer experience. return not received or processed we’re sorry that your return has not yet been processed. please check your tracking number to confirm the location of your parcel. please note that returns processing take up to 10 business days. please find more information below: uk domestic returns for uk royal mail free returns: please note that the royal mail medway centre is not the final destination and it may take between 3-5 business days for your parcel to be delivered to the allsaints distribution centre. this will take longer during busy periods. 1. if the return still cannot be located then please contact customer experience who will be happy to help. 2. if your return is determined to be lost in transit allsaints will be required to raise an investigation with the relevant courier on your behalf. please note this process takes a minimum of 10 business days for an outcome and is standard industry practice. 3. for more information regarding the lost in transit process please refer to our terms and conditions. payments payments time of payment when placing your order we carry out a standard pre-authorisation check on your payment card where funds are held but not charged, including gift cards. payment will be taken when your order has been dispatched. however, paypal transactions are charged at point of sale. payment methods & currencies we accept allsaints gift cards, apple pay, amazon payments, american express, klarna, maestro, mastercard, paypal, prepaid visa cards, visa, visa deferred debit. we trade in gbp (£). tax refunds on orders tax charged on purchases made online cannot be recovered through the vat retail export scheme. price match policy allsaints price match policy price match is a policy whereby if you purchase a full price item and we reduce that item in price within 28 days of the date of purchase, we will refund you the difference. online purchases: to receive a price adjustment please contact customer experience with your order number, the product name and the current selling price available on allsaints.com store purchases: please visit any allsaints store to request a price adjustment with your original receipt. the price adjustment credit will be issued to your original form of payment. please note that customer experience cannot refund a store price match. the exact style, colour and size of your item must be in stock and available for purchase at a reduced price on allsaints.com, or in allsaints stores that trade in the same currency. excluded items are those purchased at: outlet, department store concessions, auctions, third party websites, travel and duty free stores. also excluded are items purchased: in a sale, using a voucher code or on any special promotion items that are temporarily reduced in price. you may only use this price match offer once against each full price qualifying item. delivery charges and any other charges and duties are excluded when calculating the original price of an item. allsaints may withdraw this offer at any time at its sole discretion. amazon amazon lockers we do not ship to collection points such as amazon lockers. gift card payments we are currently unable to accept amazon gift cards on our websites and in our stores. klarna if you are eligible to pay using klarna, the option will be presented to you at checkout. your purchase must meet the requirements below: pay later = more than £0.01 and less than £2,250 pay in 3 = more than £35 and less than £2,250 for more information please see klarna’s help page. no klarna option at checkout this could be due to a number of factors including: billing address details being outside of the uk, cardholder details being incorrect, value of the order being above or below the threshold or previous order history. please note that klarna will not be available on the digital store ordering system in store or the allsaints app. 6-digit authentication code please note that for security reasons you may be required to enter a valid phone number and a 6-digit verification code by klarna during your checkout. the 6-digit authorisation code will be sent to you by klarna via sms to verify your details. if you experience any issues with this, please contact klarna customer service, which is available 24/7 across phone and chat. i am having trouble placing an order with klarna if you have any trouble placing an order with klarna, it could be due to one of the following reasons: klarna payments are subject to your financial circumstances. klarna may have rejected your application to pay later or pay in 3. we’d recommend choosing another type of payment or placing an order for a smaller amount; you may have outstanding payments owed on previous klarna purchases; or you may have missed a required field at the checkout, such as filling in your date of birth or a valid billing address. please note that klarna is an independent payment company and allsaints has no influence over whether your payment with klarna is accepted or not. if you experience any issues with your payment, please contact klarna customer service which is available 24/7 across phone and chat. privacy klarna will handle your personal information in accordance with the information in klarna's privacy notice and klarna's terms and conditions. allsaints gift card split payments if you have paid for your purchase using a gift card and klarna, then the total amount paid on the gift card will be refunded to the gift card first. the remainder of the total paid using klarna will be refunded via your original payment method. klarna allows 3-5 working days for refunds to reach a customer’s account. we are unable to refund klarna orders to a gift card. you will be refunded via your original payment method within 28 days. returns to an allsaints store online orders placed using klarna can be returned to an allsaints store that trades in the same currency for a refund via the original form of payment or exchange. please note that allsaints orders placed using klarna cannot be refunded onto a gift card and refunds will be returned to the original form of payment only. excluding global department stores, concessions and physical outlets. queries for any issues or enquiries relating to klarna payments, refunds or disputes, please contact klarna's customer service which are available 24/7 across phone and chat. please contact allsaints customer experience for any enquiries regarding your allsaints order or allsaints product e.g. order cancellation, product quality, size and fit advice, pricing, faulty product, shipment or general complaints. please note allsaints is unable to advise on klarna payment related enquiries. gift cards our allsaints gift cards are available between the values of: £20 up to £2000 and can be redeemed online and in our stores and outlets that trade in the same currency as your gift card. this excludes department store concessions, and digital concession partner websites. redeem a gift card to redeem a gift card proceed through the checkout, on the payment stage, enter your gift card number and pin and click apply. you can redeem your gift card at the payment stage of your order. you are able to redeem up to three gift cards per transaction. simply enter your 16-digit gift card number and the 4-digit pin and click apply. repeat the process until you have added all gift cards you wish to use. please enter your pin number correctly as your gift card will be locked after three attempts and frozen for eight hours. please note that there will be a pre authorisation hold on your gift card on completion of your online order. you will be charged once your order has been dispatched. purchase a gift card you can purchase a gift card at the basket page before you make payment for your order. simply select the the value and add to basket. we’ll post your gift card, presented in a special branded card holder and envelope, to your chosen address with secure shipping under any of our delivery options. check balance check your balance here. if your gift card hasn't been activated yet it may be blocked. we are unable to add a message to a gift card purchased online, however this is something we are working towards. gift card refunds if you paid with multiple gift cards, you will be refunded to the first gift card you entered at checkout. if you split your payment between a gift card and a payment card, the money is returned first to your gift card and then to the payment card as outlined in section 9.1 of our terms and conditions. we advise our customers to keep their gift cards following a purchase in case of returns. if you no longer have the gift card you used to place the order, please contact customer experience so we can help you. allsaints app downloading the allsaints app the allsaints app is currently available for iphone devices. updates can be downloaded from the app store whenever a new version is available. these will update automatically if you choose to enable automatic downloads. these can be enabled under: settings > itunes & app stores > switch the ‘apps’ button to the ‘on’.. language the allsaints app is currently available in english. using the app as a guest you can create a new account, log into your existing account, or check out as a guest. payments we accept amazon pay, mastercard, american express, maestro, visa, prepaid visa cards, visa deferred debit and allsaints gift cards (in gbp and usd). all transactions are in gbp or usd currencies. we do not currently offer paypal or other digital wallet payments. data security all transactions are secured by ssl encryption. all payment details are encrypted with our payment provider, plus the option to secure any saved card details using your fingerprint with apple touch id (using iphone 5s or later) or with facial recognition using face id (using iphone x or later). payment card images are deleted immediately after use. removing payment cards cards can be removed from the ‘account’ section of the app while logged in with your allsaints account. simply swipe left on a card and tap ‘delete’ to remove. app changes applying to site account any changes in your account, including payment card details, will be saved when you next sign into allsaints.com, however items in your wish list or basket will not be visible. deleting the app should you wish to delete your account on the allsaints app, please contact customer experience so we can help you. all orders associated with your login will be recalled in your order history the next time you download the allsaints app and will also be available on the website. if you have checked out as a guest on the app your order will not be saved in your account. push notifications after downloading the app for the first time, you can choose not to enable notifications. if you already have the app installed, all notifications can be managed under your device configuration. these can be disabled under: settings > notifications > allsaints > toggle ‘allow notifications’ button to ‘off’. dpd we are unable to offer our dpd pick-up service on any app orders. product garment care advice each garment has unique care instructions on the internal label. we advise that you follow the care label and washing instructions. see our care guide. size and fit refer to our size guide for any size and fit information. if you require further support, customer experience is on hand to offer advice. verifying product authenticity allsaints does not trade via ebay, other auction websites or other discount websites. we are not able to verify the authenticity or quality of any item sold under the allsaints brand name on such sites. we can only provide support for products purchased from our stores, our websites and our concession partners. sustainability visit our sustainability page for more information. watches unisex allsaints watches are part of our menswear collection, but they look great on everyone. refer to the product details for measurements and wear it your way. returns and exhanges allsaints watches fall under our online and in store returns policy. exchanges are no longer available for online orders. origin our allsaints watch parts are made in switzerland and assembled in thailand and china. packaging our allsaints watches are packaged in a signature black branded watch box with the warranty details enclosed. instructions full instructions on how to set your watch are available for all watch models. care clean the watch with a soft cloth and water only. do not submerge the watch under water. metal bracelets should be cleaned periodically with a soft brush dipped in mild soapy water and dried thoroughly with a soft cloth. if in contact with saltwater, rinse the watch under tap water and wipe dry with a soft cloth. avoid saunas, showers or baths as hot water may compromise its water resistance. avoid extreme heat, extreme cold, direct contact with perfume or cologne and prolonged direct sunlight, as these conditions can damage the product. for more information, please see the full care guide here. watch warranty & repairs your allsaints watch is warranted by allsaints under the terms and conditions of this warranty for 2 years post date of purchase. any components (excluding battery, leather or metal strap and/or buckle) found to be defective as a result of a manufacturing defect will be, at the discretion of allsaints, repaired or replaced free of charge. after the warranty period, any services or repairs will be subject to a service charge. warranty on watch purchases does not cover: general wear and tear; the battery, leather or metal strap and/or buckle; negligence, loss, theft or accidents; negligent or improper handling of the watch, crystal and crown; water damage if watch is not marked as water resistant or has been opened by an unauthorised service centre any watch without a valid proof of purchase; any claims on the watch if it has been serviced other than at an authorised service centres; indirect or consequential damage resulting from any defect, inaccuracy or inoperativeness of the watch; and/or other factors not due to defects in workmanship. please note: if a valid warranty claim is made, the watch will be replaced or repaired at allsaints' discretion. in case of replacement, allsaints cannot guarantee that the same watch model will be received. if the model is unavailable, a watch of equal value or similar style will be provided. the warranty for the replacement watch ends two years from the date the replacement watch is received. proof of purchase is required to make a claim under this warranty. if a claim is made under this warranty, the customer will be required to cover the cost of sending the watch back to the relevant service centre. for service or repairs not covered under this warranty, the service centre may process the request and the customer may be charged for the work required. making a claim under warranty in order to make a claim under your allsaints warranty, please email allsaints customer experience. we will assess the request and where necessary notify the relevant regional service centre of your request and advise you on how to return to your watch. please note that we do not have the facilities in our allsaints stores to repair watches or remove links. please include the below details in the email to customer experience so we can support. name address postcode/ zip code phone number email address confirm your region: uk, usa, canada, europe watch style number # order number or receipt number # description of the issue additional straps or metal bracelets we do not sell additional allsaints watch straps or bracelets. you can select alternative straps of your choice that fit our universal measurement and spring bars. if you wish to change your watch strap or bracelet, please note that you will need to source the replacement yourself and cover the cost of fitting at a service centre of your choice. allergies allsaints watches follow all international standards and are safe for those with a nickel allergy. battery the batteries have an average lifespan of 3-5 years depending on the movement, which can be replaced. we recommend that you have your battery changed at one of our authorised service centres. chrono second hands a chronograph watch is used to measure time, which can be started, stopped and returned to zero by pressing the pusher buttons. the long centre hand is actually the seconds counter of the chronograph timer. when you press the button a (top button above the crown), the seconds counter hand begins to count down. when you press button b (bottom button below the crown), the hands stop. this hand does not run automatically like a second hand. daylight savings you will need to update the time on your watch twice a year to account for daylight savings. link changes allsaints doesn't offer a link change service in store, but you can use one of our authorised service centres or a watch centre of your choice. link changes do not affect your warranty. gmt movement the gmt (greenwich mean time) movement features a 24-hour hand that can be used to show a second time zone or to calculate the time in another part of the world. you can read the time by using the military 1-24 scale on the inner part of the bezel. magnetic field the exposure of your watch to strong magnetic fields, such as loudspeakers, tablets or smartphones, will affect its time keeping ability and may cause it to stop. our allsaints quartz watches will resume working with original accuracy when removed from magnetic fields. not working please check that the crown is pushed in. this is how the watch receives the power supply from the battery. power saving in order to extend the battery life of your watch when it’s not in use, gently pull the movement crown out until you feel it click. this will reduce battery power consumption by 70%. please note that this is the same crown position that is used to perform a quick time setting. repair in store we do not have the facilities in our allsaints stores to repair watches or remove links. waterproof our watches are not waterproof, however they are designed with a minimum water resistance rating of 5atm (100ft/50m). stock availability store-sourced items a store sourced item is a product which has been fulfilled from one of our stores as it is no longer available at our distribution centre. this is clearly messaged on our website throughout the checkout path. store sourced items will be delivered separately within 3-5 business days and are not eligible for premium delivery services. please note shipping times will vary during busy promotional periods. out of stock items if your size is out of stock please register your interest on the product page and you’ll be contacted if we get the item back in stock via email. to check your local store availability please contact customer experience or the store directly by clicking the store locator. transferring items between stores we do not currently offer store-to-store transfers. if your local store doesn’t have an item you want, we recommend placing an online order or checking availability with our concession partners. stores & company our stores nearest store & opening times you can search for your closest store, including opening times and contact details, via our store locator. click and collect we currently do not offer a click & collect service, however this is something we are working towards. you are able to utilise our shipping partner in-flight options to select alternative pickup locations, where applicable. resolutions customer experience please do not hesitate to contact customer experience at ask@allsaints.com. we welcome all feedback and enquiries and will work with you to resolve your query. if we are unable to resolve the issue, please consult the european online dispute resolution platform, which provides information about alternative dispute resolution and may be of interest to you. accessibility & navigation please consult our website accessibility statement for more information. for the best user experience, we recommend you: clear your cookies; close your browser; then reopen it and visit our site again. we also suggest that you use the latest version of your operating system e.g. linux, macos, windows. if you’re still having problems, contact customer experience so they can help you troubleshoot. conscious & ethical conscious commitment see our conscious commitment page. ethical sourcing allsaints products are made using ethical labour and materials. our vendors, suppliers and subcontractors are all obliged to sign our compliance manual based on the core conventions of the international labour organisation. the provisions of these conventions constitute the minimum and not the maximum standards all suppliers must meet in order to do business with allsaints. all animal derived products are from ethical vendors that ensure animals are treated humanely. it is our strong view and business policy that human or animal rights should never be compromised as a result of our business in any form. manufacturing we have a code of conduct to ensure all employees that produce our products are treated ethically and fairly. we always seek to work with reputable and ethical suppliers globally and only engage vendors with transparent track records. we have established a narrow and select supplier base with whom we work very closely. as a result we have gained knowledge of their practices and collaborate with them on continuous improvements in process and standards. animal testing on fragrance no, allsaints fragrances are not tested on animals. not for sale allsaints supports the not for sale charitable organisation which protects people and communities from human trafficking, providing survivors and at-risk communities in nine countries with safety, stability, education and economic opportunities. gender pay gap gender pay gap legislation, under the equality act 2010, requires an employer with 250 employees or more to publish its gender pay gap for its employees. allsaints is extremely proud of its long track record of recruiting and retaining a diverse workforce from all backgrounds and walks of life, as reflected by the incredible 37 different nationalities currently represented at head office. treating our employees, customers and partners fairly and equally is at the core of our philosophy as a business, and we believe that this is reflected in the gender balance and pay within our company. allsaints is therefore pleased to present the following figures as of 5 april 2021. delivery please see our delivery page. returns please see our returns page. allsaints store returns policy refunds should you need to return anything purchased at an allsaints store, please: bring your receipt for a refund via your original form of payment to a mainline store that trades in the same currency; return your items unworn/unused and in the same condition you received them with their original packaging and all tags and labels attached; and return your item(s) within 28 days; please note items purchased in store can't be returned by post or to our distribution. exchanges should you need to exchange anything purchased at an allsaints store (excluding outlets and concessions), please: return to an allsaints mainline store that trades in the same currency; bring your receipt to exchange you items for another item or a gift card; return your items unworn/unused and in the same condition you received them with their original packaging and all tags and labels attached; and return your item(s) within 28 days. klarna exchanges online orders placed using klarna can be returned to an allsaints store for a refund via the original form of payment or for an exchange. please note that allsaints orders placed using klarna cannot be refunded on to a gift card, therefore refunds will be returned to the original form of payment. concession and physical outlet stores items purchased in department store concessions must be exchanged in accordance with the department store’s own policy. items purchased in our outlet stores can be exchanged for another item or a gift card within 28 days of purchase. neither concessions nor physical outlet stores can accept exchanges on online orders and purchases from allsaints stores. covid-19 information the steps we’re taking to look after our customers and employees nothing is more important to us than the safety and wellbeing of our customers and employees – we’re doing everything that we can to help minimise the spread of covid-19. we are following government and public health advice in the countries in which we operate. in some cases this may require amended store opening hours, as well as store and office closures. our priority is to look after our teams and customers as best we can in these scenarios. our customers our brand is built on a commitment to always provide our customers with an outstanding level of quality and service. we will continue to provide updates on in-transit options and timelines for online orders. as well as this, our couriers are following strict government guidelines to ensure you receive your parcel securely and safely – for example, contact-free delivery is now our standard method. please do not hesitate to contact customer experience with any queries. our stores we’re delighted to have customers safely back in our stores around the world. as always, we’re keeping our online store locator updated as to which of our stores are open. we’ve implemented a range of precautionary measures in all of our stores: hand sanitiser available for customers to use; frequent handwashing protocols for all employees; face masks are available to employees; regular sanitisation of all touchpoints including card machines and fitting rooms; and ongoing cleaning of all other parts of the store. rest assured that our teams are doing everything they can to provide the safest shopping experience possible. we’d be happy to wear a mask to serve you – just let us know if that’s your preference. distribution centres and offices enhanced hygiene protocols are in place and we will provide regular updates as necessary if further measures come into effect. in our offices, teams have moved to a new hybrid working model. this allows everyone to regularly collaborate in person at our studios and maintain a home working balance. charities and local communities who we support and work with at allsaints we believe passionately that we have a responsibility to make sure our brand is a positive force in every town and city in which we operate. learn about the charities we're working with and supporting across the globe. learn more actions not words our actions at allsaints we do not tolerate racial prejudice in any form. we want to make public the actions we've taken so far. an anti-racism community has been set up by employees from all parts of our global business. we've held a round-table forum focused on anti-racism to create this agenda and action plan. we'll be reviewing our existing equality and unconscious-bias training which will now be mandatory for all our employees to complete as part of their induction to our brand. we'll be conducting in-depth diversity training with our team forum representatives so that all our employees get the representation they need to be heard. we will continue to host open discussions that allow our employees to ask questions and talk to our leadership team about the issues that matter to them. over 25% of allsaints’ global team are people of colour. 20% of our management team are people of colour. we want to attract the broadest possible selection of talent to allsaints and we will step up our diversity monitoring and work on our recruitment processes to ensure we achieve this. we will update our global team each quarter on how we are progressing. we know we can do more to celebrate and provide platforms for people of colour and we will be working on ways to share and amplify the work of bame creators through our existing channels. top back to top customer services customer services contact us delivery returns faqs klarna legal & cookies legal & cookies terms & conditions terms of site use privacy policy cookies tax policy modern slavery act gender pay gap our company our company store locator conscious site map careers press follow us instagram tiktok discord facebook twitter youtube pinterest new to allsaints? sign up for 15% off full price styles on your first order. email address* first name good news, this email address has already subscribed please select your emailing preference first please select womenswear menswear by subscribing you agree with our terms & conditions and privacy policy. to opt out, click unsubscribe at the bottom of our emails thank you! © 2023 allsaints all rights reserved united kingdom | en (£) 15% off your first order new to allsaints? sign up for 15% off full price styles on your first order. email address* first name good news, this email has already subscribed. please select your emailing preference first please select womenswear menswear by subscribing you agree with our terms & conditions and privacy policy. to opt out, click unsubscribe at the bottom of our emails thank you! got it, close shopping bag