来源URL: https://web.archive.org/web/20221231234948/https://www.allsaints.com/help/contact-us/returns/returns.html
================================================================================

returns | allsaints before you start shopping we use cookies to personalise content, analyse traffic and for advertising. read our cookie policy accept strictly necessary cookies accept all skip to content (press enter) skip to footer (press enter) get your gifts on time - christmas delivery dates shop with confidence - extended christmas returns enjoy free standard delivery & returns new in women's new arrivals men's new arrivals women's leathers men's leathers women new arrivals new arrivals bestsellers conscious clothing denim shop co-ords day to night prints gift cards gifts partywear new winter essentials clothing dresses leather jackets t-shirts tops & shirts coats & jackets knitwear sweatshirts & hoodies jeans trousers & leggings skirts & shorts tailoring loungewear nightwear & underwear shoes & accessories boots & shoes accessories handbags & purses leather belts jewellery hats, scarves & gloves fragrance & candles edits la sessions: gavin haley new partywear new christmas gifts new layer up all together the footwear guide a conscious commitment our new site shop new arrivals men new arrivals new arrivals bestsellers ramskull multipacks conscious clothing denim shop day to night prints gift cards gifts partywear new winter essentials clothing t-shirts shirts leather jackets coats & jackets sweatshirts & hoodies knitwear polo shirts jeans trousers loungewear tailoring underwear & socks shoes & accessories boots & shoes accessories bags & wallets leather belts jewellery hats, scarves & gloves fragrance & candles watches edits la sessions: gavin haley new partywear new christmas gifts new layer up all together the footwear guide a conscious commitment our new site shop new arrivals gifts women christmas gifts handbags jewellery fragrance & candles accessories boots & shoes hats, scarves & gloves leather jackets dresses knitwear cashmere nightwear & underwear leather accessories men christmas gifts accessories watches jewellery fragrance & candles ramskull leather jackets coats & jackets shirts knitwear multipacks underwear & socks leather accessories shop by gifts for her women's under £50 women's under £100 women's luxury gifts gifts for him men's under £50 men's under £100 men's luxury gifts gift cards women's gift guide men's gift guide leather women all leathers biker jackets suede jackets black leather jackets leather jackets new colours cropped leather jackets shearling jackets belted leather jackets balfern biker jacket dalby biker jacket leather clothing leather boots leather accessories men all leathers biker jackets suede jackets black leather jackets brown leather jackets bomber jackets mens shearling leather boots suede boots leather accessories women's leathers men's leathers edits women partywear new christmas gifts new layer up all together the footwear guide men partywear new christmas gifts new layer up all together the footwear guide learn more a conscious commitment allsaints leather our new site la sessions gavin haley: mine new yde: old her view our edits stores sign in / register wish list stores united kingdom | en (£) need help? phone: +44 344 980 2211 monday to friday: 9am-1am gmt saturday and sunday: 9am-11pm gmt. email: ask@allsaints.com contact us menu clear sign in / register wish list allsaints work better with javasript enabled. to enable javascript, please click here. you are using an unsupported browser or your browser might be in the compatibility view mode your cookies are disabled. to experience the full world of sfra, please enable these or check whether another program is blocking them. by enabling them, you are agreeing to our cookie policy home contact us returns back help menu help contact us delivery returns faqs terms & conditions terms of site use privacy policy cookies tax policy modern slavery act press & wholesale need help? phone: +44 344 980 2211 monday to friday: 09:30-00:00 bst saturday and sunday: 09:30-22:00 bst email: ask@allsaints.com contact us returns due to proposed royal mail strikes in december please note it may take a little longer for your return to reach us using our free royal mail tracked return service. we apologise for any inconvenience and appreciate your patience. you can also return you online order in our uk mainline stores as below. if you wish to return an item you purchased online to our warehouse, we’ve made it easy with royal mail freepost. simply complete the returns slip that’s provided in the parcel we delivered to you, then apply the royal mail freepost label to the front of the parcel and drop off at your nearest post office. please keep your receipt for proof of postage, as your unwanted items are your responsibility until they reach our warehouse. if, however, you didn’t receive a returns slip, you can include a written note with your name, order number and reason for return – check the email we sent you when we dispatched your order. you can also create a new trackable freepost label through royal mail’s online returns portal. if royal mail does not accept your parcel due to size or weight restrictions, please contact our customer experience team for support. online returns address allsaints website returns unit 6 new hythe business park bellingham way larkfield, aylesford me20 6sq united kingdom extended returns policy: online & in store to provide extra peace of mind, we’ve extended our 28 day returns period for the holiday and gifting season. items bought online and in store between 1st november 2022 and 11th december 2022 can be returned until 9th january 2023 with proof of purchase. purchases made after 11th december 2022 fall under our 28 day return policy. please see specific terms below: online returns to distribution centre gift purchases bought online between 1st november 2022 and 11th december 2022 can be returned until 9th january 2023 for a refund to the original form of payment, with proof of purchase. purchases after 11th december 2022 fall under our 28 day return policy. we do not offer exchanges for items returned to our distribution centre. online returns to store gift purchases bought on our uk or us website between 1st november 2022 and 11th december 2022 can be returned until 9th january 2023 to any mainline allsaints store that trades in the same currency for an exchange, gift card (excluding klarna purchases), or a refund to the original form of payment with proof of purchase. purchases after 11th december 2022 fall under our 28 day return policy. please note that online orders placed on our rest of world website and fulfilled by global-e, can only be returned online via the global-e portal here and cannot be returned or exchanged in any of our allsaints stores. mainline stores gift purchases bought in an allsaints mainline store online between 1st november 2022 and 11th december 2022 can be returned until 9th january 2023 for an exchange, gift card or a refund to the original form of payment with proof of purchase. excludes outlets and concessions. purchases after 11th december 2022 fall under our 28 day return policy. outlet stores gift purchases bought in an allsaints outlet store between 1st november 2022 and 11th december 2022 can be returned until 9th january 2023 at an outlet store for an exchange only. we are unable to refund outlet store purchases. purchases after 11th december 2022 fall under our 28 day return policy. please note that online orders and purchases from mainline stores cannot be returned or exchanged in concession and physical outlet stores. department store concessions the allsaints holiday return policy will not be applicable to purchases made in allsaints concessions in department stores. purchases made in department store concessions should be returned or exchanged in accordance with the department store's own returns policy. allsaints online orders cannot be returned or exchanged in department store concessions processing times your parcel may take 5 business days to be delivered to allsaints and will take longer during promotional periods. you can track your parcel online using the royal mail track and trace service. the royal mail medway centre is not the final destination. it can take a further 3-4 days to be delivered to allsaints. once received, returns will be processed within 3-5 working days. delivery cost refunds your delivery costs will not be refunded if you cancel your order after it has been dispatched as our free uk returns service is provided in place of reimbursement of the original delivery charges. however, delivery costs will be refunded if: you cancel your order before dispatch; you return a faulty item; or allsaints cancels your order due to stock availability. if you choose to cancel your order under the consumer contracts regulations, we will refund you the value of our least expensive delivery method. please see our terms and conditions for more information on how to cancel under the consumer contracts regulations. online returns policy we’re happy to receive your return within 28 days of receiving your order for a refund back to your original form of payment. items received outside of our 28 days return period will be returned to you. all items must be returned to us unworn/unused and in the same condition you received them with their original packaging and all tags and labels attached. please note, any faulty items returned to us will be subject to an inspection to confirm a manufacturing fault. a royal mail freepost label will be included in your parcel, unless your order contains a fragrance product. we do not offer exchanges for online orders returned to our distribution centre. however, you can exchange online orders in our mainline allsaints stores. please see below for everything you need to know about using our stores to return orders. we monitor the number of returns made by customers. unusual activity and continued returns will be flagged and potentially refused at our discretion or lead to the closure of your allsaints account. fragrance: for health and hygiene reasons we cannot exchange or refund fragrances once the original packaging and cellophane wrap has been opened. uk orders will not include free returns labels if your purchase includes a fragrance due to strict shipping legislation surrounding the transportation of flammable substances. please contact customer experience to arrange a collection for your fragrance, if you want to return it. face masks: for health and hygiene reasons we are unable to exchange or refund face masks unless they are faulty. swimwear and underwear: for health and hygiene reasons, swimwear and underwear must be unused with the tags and hygiene seals intact, in the original packaging, unless they are faulty. handbags: to return your handbag please wrap carefully in the original dust bag to prevent any damage during shipping. when examining your handbag please be mindful not to scratch or mark the product. footwear: please ensure you package your footwear carefully in the original shoe box to prevent any damage during shipping. when examining your footwear please be mindful not to scratch or mark the product. jewellery: for health and hygiene reasons we are unable to exchange or refund pierced earrings unless they are faulty. all other jewellery must be unused and returned in resalable condition. cancellation: if you are a uk or european customer, you may cancel your order and return any item to us in accordance with the consumer contracts regulations 2013. please see our terms and conditions for further details. online refunds once your return has been processed and you have received your refund confirmation email, please allow 5-10 business days for the refund to reflect in your available funds. this can vary depending on your bank and payment method. you will be refunded via your original form of payment. for all credit card purchases, please allow 5-10 business days. paypal refunds will be received within 2-3 business days. gift card refunds will appear on your card within 24 hours. if your payment was made using one or more gift cards and a credit card, we’ll refund the gift card you entered first during the checkout, followed by your payment card. please keep all gift cards used to place an order in case of returns. klarna refunds will be refunded to the original form of payment. your klarna statement will be updated accordingly. online returns to store return your online order to any allsaints store (excluding global department stores, concessions and physical outlets) within 28 days for a refund. refunds will be issued in the original currency and payment method, exchange or gift card. returned items must be accompanied by a copy of your original invoice. online orders placed using klarna can be returned to any allsaints store for a refund via the original form of payment and cannot be refunded onto a gift card. your statutory rights are not affected. refund not received if your return has not been delivered to us yet: review your returns tracking number to confirm the location of your parcel; and keep in mind that returns processing can take up to 10 business days and may take longer during promotional periods. lost online returns if you’ve waited 10 business days and your return has been lost in transit, allsaints will be required to raise an investigation with the relevant courier on your behalf. please email customer experience via email at ask@allsaints.com so we can support you. please note this process takes a minimum of 10 business days for an outcome and is standard industry practice. please see our terms and conditions for more information regarding the lost in transit process. allsaints store returns policy for our store returns policy, visit our faq. top back to top customer services customer services contact us delivery returns faqs klarna legal & cookies legal & cookies terms & conditions terms of site use privacy policy cookies tax policy modern slavery act gender pay gap our company our company store locator conscious site map careers press follow us instagram tiktok discord facebook twitter youtube pinterest new to allsaints? sign up for 15% off full price styles on your first order. email address* first name good news, this email address has already subscribed please select your emailing preference first sign up to receive exclusive updates on our new collections and special offers. to improve your experience we may; profile, segment, test, analyse and model your details. you can unsubscribe at any time via the link in your emails. please refer to our privacy policy for further details. please select womenswear menswear by subscribing you agree with our terms & conditions and privacy policy. to opt out, click unsubscribe at the bottom of our emails thank you! © 2022 allsaints all rights reserved united kingdom | en (£) 15% off your first order new to allsaints? sign up for 15% off full price styles on your first order. email address* first name good news, this email has already subscribed. please select your emailing preference first sign up to receive exclusive updates on our new collections and special offers. to improve your experience we may; profile, segment, test, analyse and model your details. you can unsubscribe at any time via the link in your emails. please refer to our privacy policy for further details. please select womenswear menswear by subscribing you agree with our terms & conditions and privacy policy. to opt out, click unsubscribe at the bottom of our emails thank you! if you're new to allsaints, you'll receive your exclusive code in minutes. got it, close shopping bag