来源URL: https://web.archive.org/web/20231231230759/https://www.allsaints.com/help/contact-us/terms-of-site-use/terms-site-use.html
================================================================================

terms of site use | allsaints skip to content (press enter) skip to footer (press enter) women's & men's sale final reductions shop women's & men's new arrivals update: free delivery just got speedier sale up to 50% off women sale dresses sale knitwear sale jackets & coats sale footwear & accessories sale tops & shirts sale t-shirts & sweatshirts sale jeans & trousers sale leather jackets sale skirts & shorts all sale women's shop by size 4 / xs 6 / s 8 / s 10 / m 12 / m 14 / l 16 / l women's shop by price under £50 under £100 men sale t-shirts & sweatshirts sale shirts sale knitwear sale jackets & coats sale footwear & accessories sale leather jackets sale jeans & trousers sale ramskull all sale men's shop by size xs s m l xl xxl men's shop by price under £50 under £100 shop now new in women's new arrivals men's new arrivals women's leathers men's leathers women discover all sale new arrivals bestsellers conscious clothing the handbag edit cashmere clothing tailoring denim shop basics co-ords printed clothing clothing dresses coats & jackets knitwear leather jackets t-shirts tops & shirts sweatshirts & hoodies jeans trousers & leggings skirts & shorts all clothing shoes & accessories boots & shoes handbags & purses accessories hats, scarves & gloves leather belts jewellery sunglasses all shoes & accessories shop by date night outfits new partywear winter essentials wedding guest outfits loungewear workwear occasionwear women's gifting gift cards all gifting women's new arrivals men discover all sale new arrivals bestsellers conscious clothing underground collection ramskull multipacks tailoring denim shop basics printed clothing clothing t-shirts shirts coats & jackets knitwear sweatshirts & hoodies leather jackets polo shirts jeans trousers all clothing shoes & accessories boots & shoes accessories bags & wallets hats, scarves & gloves leather belts jewellery watches underwear & socks sunglasses all shoes & accessories shop by date night outfits new partywear winter essentials wedding guest outfits loungewear workwear occasionwear men's gifting gift cards all gifting men's new arrivals leather women all leathers biker jackets leather jackets new colours shearling jackets black leather jackets belted leather jackets leather clothing leather boots leather accessories leather size guide men all leathers biker jackets suede jackets black leather jackets shearling jackets leather boots leather accessories leather size guide women's leathers men's leathers be inspired women knitwear guide the footwear guide leather size guide gift guide allsaints icons allsaints x the royal ballet all together men knitwear guide the footwear guide leather size guide gift guide allsaints icons allsaints x the royal ballet all together learn more we are allsaints the allsaints app a conscious commitment sessions at allsaints astn: element the sukis: animo victoria canal: she walks in jordy: story of a boy saint phnx: red brake lights read our features read our features stores sign in / register wish list stores united kingdom | en (£) need help? monday to friday: 09:30 – 00:00 bst saturday and sunday: 09:30 – 22:00 bst email: ask@allsaints.com contact us menu clear sign in / register wish list show navigation allsaints work better with javascript enabled. to enable javascript, please click here. you are using an unsupported browser or your browser might be in the compatibility view mode your cookies are disabled. to experience the full world of sfra, please enable these or check whether another program is blocking them. by enabling them, you are agreeing to our cookie policy home contact us terms of site use back help menu help contact us delivery returns faqs allsaints app terms & conditions terms of site use privacy policy cookies tax policy modern slavery act press & wholesale need help? monday to friday: 09:30 – 00:00 bst saturday and sunday: 09:30 – 19:30 bst email: ask@allsaints.com contact us terms and conditions of website use effective date: 17/10/2022 all saints retail limited ('allsaints') is a company registered in england and wales under company number 04096157 and with a registered office at c15-c17 jacks place, 6 corbet place, london, e1 6nn. our vat number is 108 2760 27. these terms and conditions of website use ('terms') apply to your use of the allsaints websites located at www.allsaints.com ; www.allsaints.com/us/ ; www.allsaints.com/row/ ; www.allsaints.com/de/ ; www.allsaints.com/fr/ (the 'sites') and/or any allsaints application for mobile devices which we may make available to our customers at any time (the "app"). for additional terms and conditions that may apply to purchases and related transactions that you complete through our services, see section 1.0 below terms and conditions of supply. the sites and the app shall be collectively referred to as the 'services'. in this document, 'we', 'our' and 'us' refer to allsaints, and 'user,' 'you' and 'your' mean users of the services. you must be 18 years old or the age of majority in your jurisdiction in order to use our services. if you are under 18 years old or the age of majority in your jurisdiction, then you may only use the services with your parent or legal guardian's permission. these terms along with our privacy policy and cookie policy constitute a legally binding agreement between you and us. by accessing or using our services, you agree that you (or your parent or legal guardian) have read, understand, and are bound by the terms and conditions set forth herein. if you (or your parent or legal guardian) do not agree to these terms or our privacy policy, please do not use or access the services. 1.0 terms and conditions of supply if you are in the us or canada, the following terms apply to purchases and related transactions made using our services: www.allsaints.com/us/. if you are in any other part of the world, including the uk or europe, then the following terms apply to purchases and related transactions made using our services. 2.0 registration you may view some parts of the services without registering, but in order to access and use other parts of the services, you will be required to register an account with us. you are solely responsible for any activity that occurs on your account and for maintaining the confidentiality of your password. it is your sole responsibility to provide and maintain accurate account information. you may cancel your account with us at any time by emailing customer experience at ask@allsaints.com. we reserve the right to cancel your account at any time for any reason without prior notice to you. if there has been, or you suspect there has been, unauthorised use of your password or account. 3.0 restrictions on use of services you are solely responsible for your actions when using the services, whether or not you have created an account with us. in addition, you understand and agree that you will not do, attempt to do, cause any third party to do, or attempt to do, any of the following in connection with your use of the services: transmit by any means any software, virus, malware, programme, code, file, or other material intended to interrupt, disrupt, alter, destroy, or limit any part of the services; use any robot, spider, script, or any manual or automated application or means to extract, download, retrieve, index, mine, scrape, reproduce, or circumvent the presentation, operation, or intended use of any feature, function, or part of the services; submit any offensive, indecent, hateful, racist, sexist, pornographic, or otherwise inappropriate or obscene content (as determined by us in our sole discretion); copy, download, distribute, transmit, upload, or transfer content from the services or the personal information of others without our prior written permission or authorization; use the services to make unsolicited offers, requests, advertisements, or spam; impersonate or pretend to be anyone else but you; violate or infringe upon the privacy, publicity, intellectual property, or other proprietary rights of third parties; or engage in any activity that is criminal or tortious in nature, or otherwise contrary to the law or infringes the rights of another including, without limitation, fraud, stalking, defaming, abusing, harassing, or threatening. if you breach any part of these terms, we reserve the right to terminate your access to the services. where you are using the app, the additional terms in clause 5 also apply. 4.0 ownership we and our licensors are the sole owners of the services, including, but not limited to, all content, features, and functions, and all copyrights, trade marks, service marks, and other intellectual property rights contained within the services. you agree that all right, title, and interest in the services will remain ours or our licensors' exclusive property. nothing in these terms gives you a right to reproduce, copy, distribute, sell, broadcast, license, or otherwise use the allsaints name or any of our trade marks, logos, domain names, and other distinctive brand features. you may not modify, rent, lease, sell, distribute, or create derivative works based on the services unless we have given you prior written consent to do so. you may only use the services for personal, non-commercial purposes. 'allsaints' and the allsaints logo are our trade marks. 5.0 mobile application and user license this section of the terms applies only to the app (including updates) and any services accessible through the app. in the event of any conflict between this section and the other parts of the terms, this section shall prevail. you will be assumed to have obtained permission from the owners of the mobile telephone or handheld device if controlled, but not owned, by you (the "devices") and being used to download or stream a copy of the app onto the devices. you and they may be charged by your and their service providers for internet access on the devices. you accept responsibility for the use of the app or in relation to any device, whether or not the device is owned by you. the app is provided by a third party and you should familiarise yourself with the terms on which the app is made available to you, prior to downloading and use. certain functions of the app may make use of location data sent from your device. these are described in the privacy policy in more detail. the app is for domestic and private use only. you agree not to use the app for any commercial, business or resale purposes, and to the fullest extent possible at law, we have no liability to you for any loss of profit, loss of business, business interruption, or loss of business opportunity. 6.0 content whenever you make use of a feature that allows you to upload content to our sites, or to make contact with other users of our services, you warrant that any such contribution ('content') complies with the standards set out in these terms, and you will be responsible for any loss or damage we suffer as a result of your breach of warranty. any content you upload to our sites will be considered non-confidential and non-proprietary, and we have the right to use, copy, distribute and disclose to third parties any such content for any purpose. you grant us a perpetual, worldwide, irrevocable, non-exclusive, royalty-free licence to use, copy, license, sublicense, adapt, distribute, display, publicly perform, reproduce, transmit, modify, edit, and otherwise exploit such content throughout the world, in all media now known or hereafter developed. you confirm that you are the owner of the relevant content and/or that you are entitled to grant us a licence of the same. we also have the right to disclose your identity to any third party who is claiming that any content posted or uploaded by you to our sites constitutes a violation of their intellectual property rights, or of their right to privacy. we will not be responsible, or liable to any third party, for the content or accuracy of any content posted by you or any other user of our services. we have the right in our sole discretion for any reason and without prior notice to you to remove any posting you make on our sites if, in our opinion, your post does not comply with the standards set out in these terms or reasonable standards of behaviour. the views expressed by other users on our sites do not represent our views or values. we reserve the right, but not the obligation, to investigate any allegations or complaints that we receive regarding your content. 7.0 disclaimer of warranties your use of the services is at your own risk. the services are available ‘as is’ and ‘as available’ without representation or warranty of any kind or any assurance they will be available or perform as described. we do not guarantee that the services will be secure or free from bugs or viruses. we expressly disclaim all representations and warranties, express and implied, including, without limitation, any warranty of merchantability, fitness for a particular purpose, title, and non-infringement. we make no warranty that the services will be error free or uninterrupted, that the information obtained from the services will be accurate, up-to-date, complete or reliable, that the quality of the services will be satisfactory to you, or that errors or defects will be corrected. we make no guarantee regarding the reliability, accuracy, or quality of any communication is posted on or via the services. 8.0 limitation of liability nothing in these terms of use excludes or limits our liability for death or personal injury arising from our negligence, or our fraud or fraudulent misrepresentation, or any other liability that cannot be excluded or limited by applicable law. the services and any goods purchased by you in connection with the services are supplied only for domestic and non-commercial, private use. you agree not to use the same for any commercial, business or re-sale purposes. we have no liability to you for any loss of profit, loss of business, business interruption, or loss of business opportunity. to the extent permitted by law, we exclude all conditions, warranties, representations or other terms which may apply to the services or any content on it, whether express or implied. we will not be liable to any user for any loss or damage, whether in contract, tort (including negligence), breach of statutory duty, or otherwise, even if foreseeable, arising under or in connection with: use of, or inability to use, the services; or use of or reliance on any content made available via the services. different limitations and exclusions of liability will apply to liability arising as a result of the supply of any goods by use to you, which are set out in our terms and conditions of supply (please see section 1.0). to the fullest extent permitted by law, we shall not be liable to you or any other party for any claim, loss or damage, direct or indirect, including, without limitation, compensatory, consequential, incidental, indirect, special, exemplary, or punitive damages, regardless of the form of action or basis of any claim. you specifically acknowledge that we shall not be liable to you for your communications. we shall not be liable for any breach of security associated with the transmission of information through the services or any linked sites, or for any information or products, obtained through use of the services, or otherwise arising out of the use of the same, regardless of the form of action or basis of any claim. some jurisdictions do not allow certain exclusions of warranties or limitations on damages, so some of these exclusions and limitations may not apply to you. if you have a dispute with us or are dissatisfied with the services, termination of your use of the services is your sole remedy. we have no other obligation, liability, or responsibility to you. 9.0 indemnification you agree to indemnify, defend, and hold us and any company in our group and our respective officers, agents, representatives, employees, partners, and licensors harmless from any and all demands, claims and actions (including reasonable attorneys' fees) arising from or related to your use of the services. we reserve the right to assume all or any part of the defence of any such claims and negotiations for settlement and you agree to fully cooperate with us in doing so. 10.0 third party sites we may offer links or other materials on the services which allow you to browse or be redirected to a third party's website, such as our courier partner's websites. we are not associated with, endorsing, or responsible for the services, websites, or content of these third parties. if you have any questions about these other companies' practices, you should review their terms of use and other policies. 11.0 applicable law and dispute resolution these terms and any dispute or claim arising out of or in connection with such matters, their subject matter or formation (including but not limited to non-contractual disputes or claims) shall be governed by, construed and interpreted in accordance with the laws of england and wales and you agree to submit to the non-exclusive jurisdiction of the english courts. where these terms are translated into languages other than english in the event of any conflict or inconsistency the english language terms shall prevail. we reserve the right to bring proceedings in the courts of the: country of your residence location of your access, use or storage of any materials obtained from the sites location of any breach by you of these terms; and/or location of your authorisation of any of the above acts. you acknowledge and agree that damages alone would not be an adequate remedy for any breach of the terms of these terms. accordingly, we shall be entitled to the remedies of injunction, specific performance or other equitable relief for any threatened or actual breach of the terms of these terms. 12.0 termination we may immediately, without prior notice, suspend or terminate your use of and access to the services, at our sole discretion, for any reason, whether with or without cause or warning, and without liability. you may terminate these terms by ceasing your use of the services. 13.0 severability if the application of any provision of these terms to any particular facts or circumstances shall for any reason be held to be invalid, illegal or unenforceable by a court, arbitrator or other tribunal of competent jurisdiction, then (a) the validity, legality and enforceability of such provision as applied to any other particular facts or circumstances, and the other provisions of this terms, shall not in any way be affected or impaired thereby and (b) such provision shall be enforced to the maximum extent possible so as to effect the intent of the parties. 14.0 amendments we reserve the right to change any part of the services, including these terms, at any time. if we change these terms, we will update the effective date listed above. your continued use of the services means that you agree with our updated terms. if you do not agree with our updated terms, you must not use our services. 15.0 questions or comments if you have any questions or comments about these terms or the services, please contact our customer experience team at ask@allsaints.com. country united kingdom united states france germany canada argentina australia austria belgium bolivia brazil bulgaria chile colombia croatia cyprus czech republic denmark ecuador estonia finland greece hungary iceland ireland (republic of) israel italy latvia lithuania luxembourg malta mexico netherlands new zealand norway oman paraguay peru poland portugal puerto rico romania singapore slovak republic slovenia south africa spain sweden switzerland turkey uruguay venezuela japan korea new to allsaints? sign up for 10% off full price styles on your first order. email address* first name good news, this email address has already subscribed please select your emailing preference first please select womenswear menswear by subscribing you agree with our terms & conditions and privacy policy. to opt out, click unsubscribe at the bottom of our emails thank you - we’ll send you an email with your discount code shortly. information information contact us delivery returns faqs klarna accessibility statement legal & cookies legal & cookies terms & conditions terms of site use privacy policy cookies tax policy modern slavery act gender pay gap cookie settings our company our company store locator we are allsaints conscious site map careers press customer service monday to friday: 09:30 – 00:00 gmt saturday and sunday: 09:30 – 19:30 gmt contact us follow us instagram tiktok discord facebook twitter youtube pinterest © 2024 allsaints all rights reserved united kingdom | en (£) 10% off your first order new to allsaints? sign up for 10% off full price styles on your first order. email address* first name good news, this email has already subscribed. please select your emailing preference first please select womenswear menswear by subscribing you agree with our terms & conditions and privacy policy. to opt out, click unsubscribe at the bottom of our emails thank you - we’ll send you an email with your discount code shortly. got it, close shopping bag