来源URL: https://web.archive.org/web/20231231230759/https://www.allsaints.com/help/contact-us/terms-and-conditions/terms-and-conditions.html
================================================================================

terms & conditions | allsaints skip to content (press enter) skip to footer (press enter) 20% off everything - shop women & men shop last minute gifts & gift cards festive delivery dates - find out more sale up to 50% off women sale dresses sale knitwear sale footwear & accessories sale jackets & coats sale tops & shirts sale t-shirts & sweatshirts sale jeans & trousers sale leather jackets sale skirts & shorts all women's sale women's shop by size 4 / xs 6 / s 8 / s 10 / m 12 / m 14 / l 16 / l men sale t-shirts & sweatshirts sale knitwear sale jackets & coats sale shirts sale footwear & accessories sale leather jackets sale jeans & trousers sale ramskull all men's sale men's shop by size xs s m l xl xxl shop now new in women's new arrivals men's new arrivals women's leathers men's leathers women discover all sale new arrivals bestsellers conscious clothing the handbag edit allsaints x the royal ballet sequins & embellishment cashmere clothing tailoring denim shop basics co-ords prints clothing dresses coats & jackets knitwear leather jackets t-shirts tops & shirts sweatshirts & hoodies jeans trousers & leggings skirts & shorts all clothing shoes & accessories boots & shoes handbags & purses accessories hats, scarves & gloves leather belts jewellery sunglasses all shoes & accessories shop by new year's eve outfits new partywear winter essentials wedding guest outfits loungewear workwear occasionwear allsaints gift cards men discover all sale new arrivals bestsellers conscious clothing allsaints x the royal ballet underground collection ramskull multipacks tailoring denim shop basics prints clothing t-shirts shirts coats & jackets knitwear sweatshirts & hoodies leather jackets polo shirts jeans trousers all clothing shoes & accessories boots & shoes accessories bags & wallets hats, scarves & gloves leather belts jewellery watches underwear & socks sunglasses all shoes & accessories shop by new year's eve outfits new partywear winter essentials wedding guest outfits loungewear workwear occasionwear allsaints gift cards leather women all leathers biker jackets black leather jackets leather jackets new colours shearling jackets belted leather jackets balfern biker jacket dalby biker jacket leather clothing leather boots leather accessories leather size guide men all leathers biker jackets suede jackets black leather jackets bomber jackets shearling jackets leather boots leather accessories leather size guide women's leathers men's leathers gifts women's gifting gifts under £50 gifts under £100 gifts under £200 luxury gifts gift cards all women's gifting women's by category leather jackets dresses knitwear cashmere accessories handbags jewellery hats, scarves & gloves nightwear & underwear boots & shoes men's gifting gifts under £50 gifts under £100 gifts under £200 luxury gifts gift cards all men's gifting men's by category leather jackets shirts knitwear underground collection ramskull multipacks accessories hats, scarves & gloves watches underwear & socks boots & shoes allsaints gift cards be inspired women gift guide allsaints x the royal ballet knitwear guide allsaints icons the footwear guide leather size guide all together men gift guide allsaints x the royal ballet knitwear guide allsaints icons the footwear guide leather size guide all together learn more we are allsaints the allsaints app a conscious commitment sessions at allsaints astn: element the sukis: animo victoria canal: she walks in jordy: story of a boy saint phnx: red brake lights read our features read our features stores sign in / register wish list stores united kingdom | en (£) need help? monday to friday: 09:30 – 00:00 bst saturday and sunday: 09:30 – 22:00 bst email: ask@allsaints.com contact us menu clear sign in / register wish list show navigation allsaints work better with javascript enabled. to enable javascript, please click here. you are using an unsupported browser or your browser might be in the compatibility view mode your cookies are disabled. to experience the full world of sfra, please enable these or check whether another program is blocking them. by enabling them, you are agreeing to our cookie policy home contact us terms & conditions back help menu help contact us delivery returns faqs allsaints app terms & conditions terms of site use privacy policy cookies tax policy modern slavery act press & wholesale need help? monday to friday: 09:30 – 00:00 bst saturday and sunday: 09:30 – 19:30 bst email: ask@allsaints.com contact us terms and conditions effective date: 17/10/2022 we are all saints retail limited (“allsaints”), a company registered in england and wales under company number 04096157 and with our registered office at units c15-c17 jacks place, 6 corbet place, london, e1 6nn. our vat number is 108 2760 27. we operate the website www.allsaints.com/uk (the “site”). this page (together with our privacy policy and terms of site use), tells you information about us and the legal terms and conditions (the “terms”) on which we sell each of the goods listed on our site to you. allsaints are committed to providing you with terms which are easy to understand and which are fair to you. your statutory rights are not affected by anything contained in these terms. for more information on your legal rights, contact your local trading standards office or citizens advice bureau or any equivalent organisation in your country. these terms and any contract between us for the sale of goods to you (a “contract”) are only in the english language. 1.0 definitions in this document, ‘we’, ‘our’ and ‘us’ refer to allsaints, and ‘user’, ‘you’, ‘your’ and ‘customer’ mean users of the services. ‘dispatch confirmation’ means the date on which we email you to confirm our acceptance of your order and dispatch of the goods. ‘goods’/ ‘item’ means the items which we agree to sell you. 2.0 use of our site your use of our site is governed by our terms of site use. please take the time to read these, as they include important terms which apply to you. 3.0 how we use your personal information we only use your personal information in accordance with our privacy policy. please take the time to read our privacy policy, as it includes important terms which apply to you. 4.0 contacting us 4.1 if you wish to contact us for any reason, email us at ask@allsaints.com. 4.2 if we have to contact you or give you notice in writing, we will do so by email, or by pre-paid post to the address you provide to us when placing your order. 5.0 terms of sale and our right to vary such terms 5.1 these terms shall apply to any order you place through the sites, to the exclusion of all other terms and conditions which you may purport to apply under any sales offer or purchase order. these terms supersede all previous agreements and understandings between us. by placing an order through the sites, you confirm that you have read and understood these terms and our privacy policy in their entirety and you agree to be bound by them. if you refuse to accept these terms, you will not be able to order any goods from our site. 5.2 we amend these terms from time to time. please look at the top of this page to see when these terms were last updated and which terms were changed. 5.3 every time you order goods from us, the terms in force at the time of your order will apply to the contract between you and us. you should print a copy of these terms for future reference. the terms will also be made available for you to download when we send you the dispatch confirmation (defined below). 5.4 if we have to revise these terms between the time you place your order and when we send your dispatch confirmation, we will contact you to give you reasonable advance notice of the changes and let you know how to cancel the contract if you are not happy with the changes. you may cancel either in respect of all the affected goods or just the goods you have yet to receive. if you opt to cancel, you will have to return (at our cost) any relevant goods you have already received and we will arrange a full refund of the price you have paid, including any delivery charges. 6.0 placing an order 6.1 our site’s pages guide you through the steps you need to take to place an order with us. our order process allows you to check and amend any errors before submitting your order to us. please take the time to read and check your order at each stage of the order process. 6.2 all orders are subject to acceptance and availability. on placing an order you undertake that you are at least 18 years old, that all details you provide to us are true and accurate, that you are an authorised user of the payment method used to place your order and that there are sufficient funds to cover the cost of the goods. 6.3 after you place an order, you will receive an order confirmation email from us acknowledging that we have received your order. this email is not an acceptance of your order; it is a confirmation that we have received your order. our acceptance of your order is described in 6.4 below. 6.4 we will confirm our acceptance of your order to you by sending you an email that confirms that the goods have been dispatched ("dispatch confirmation"). the contract between us will only be formed when we send you the dispatch confirmation. only goods dispatched will be included in the contract. 6.5 when placing your order we carry out a standard pre-authorisation check on your payment method. payment will not be taken until your order has been accepted and a dispatch confirmation has been sent. pre-authorised funds will not be available for your use. this normally shows as a pending payment, however contact your payment provider for further details on how this is presented in your account. the hold will stay on your payment method until payment of the goods is processed on dispatch of your order. if you cancel your order prior to dispatch we will release the hold. please note that your bank may take up to 30 days to release the pre-authorised funds. once allsaints has processed a refund or cancellation, we have no control over the timeframe in which the funds will be returned to you, or any further visibility of the transaction. 6.6 we may choose not to accept your order at our discretion for any reason whatsoever without liability to you. examples of when we may not accept your order includes (but are not limited to): (i) instances where the goods ordered are out of stock or are incorrectly priced or do not satisfy our quality control standards, (ii) where payment has been declined, or (iii) upon a failed security review. we will inform you if we choose not to accept your order by email and we will not process your order. if you have already paid for the goods, we will refund you the full amount as soon as possible. if an item from your order is unavailable, it will not be substituted for an alternative product and you will not be charged for the item. 6.7 to fulfil your order we may source items directly from an allsaints store. store-sourced items will be delivered separately within 3-5 working days. you will be advised if an item is coming from a store during the checkout process. 6.8 orders with multiple items may be dispatched from both our distribution centre and an allsaints store. you will receive a separate dispatch confirmation email for each shipment. each dispatch confirmation email will constitute a separate contract between us in relation to the goods which are the subject of that dispatch confirmation. 6.9 6.9 to protect our customers and for security reasons, we regularly perform security checks on online orders. all digital orders are processed using our payment processor, and may be selected for review by our risk system. if your order has been selected for review, we may reach out to you and request additional information to validate your order such as a bank authorisation code and/or utility bill so we can verify your details. this security policy is in place for your protection. should an order fail to pass the review, then the order will be cancelled, you will be sent an order cancellation email and your funds will be returned to your original form of payment. if allsaints suspects or identifies fraudulent activity in violation of this agreement, any law or regulation, or is likely to expose either allsaints or any other party to harm or loss, allsaints reserves the right to take the following actions, including but not limited to: (i) rejecting, cancelling, recalling or reversing the order; or (ii) taking any other appropriate steps to investigate the activity for security reasons. 7.0 cancelling an order 7.1 please refer to clause 8 for further details on what to do if you wish to cancel the contract after we send your dispatch confirmation and to clause 9 for our returns and exchanges policy. 8.0 cancelling a contract under the consumer contracts regulations 8.1 this clause 8 applies to customers based in the uk who wish to cancel a contract under the consumer contracts regulations 2013. 8.2 you can legally cancel a contract under the consumer contracts regulations 2013 during the period set out in clause 8.3 below. this means that, during the relevant period, if you decide for any reason that you do not want to receive or keep an item you can notify us of your decision to cancel the contract and receive a refund. advice about your legal right to cancel the contract is available from the citizens' advice bureau or trading standards office. 8.3 your legal right to cancel a contract starts from the date of the dispatch confirmation, which is when the contract between us is formed. you can cancel the contract up to 14 days after the day you receive your full order outlined in that dispatch confirmation. 8.4 to cancel a contract, let us know that you have decided to cancel by a clear statement. to do this, download a cancellation form from our site, complete the form and email it to ask@allsaints.com or post it to us at all saints retail ltd. notice of contract cancellation allsaints distribution centre unit 6 new hythe business park bellingham way larkfield aylesford me20 6qs you can also cancel a contract by emailing customer experience at ask@allsaints.com. if you are emailing us or sending a letter please include details of your order to help us to identify it. if you send us your cancellation notice by email or by post, then your cancellation is effective from the date you send us the email or post the letter to us respectively. 8.5 if you cancel your contract we will: (a) refund what you paid for the goods. however, we are permitted by law to reduce your refund to reflect any reduction in the value of the goods, if this has been caused by your handling them in a way which would not be permitted in a store or which is beyond what is necessary to establish the characteristics and function of the goods. see clause 9.2 for information about what handling is acceptable and examples; (b) refund any delivery costs you have paid. however, as permitted by law, the maximum refund will be the costs of delivery by the least expensive delivery method we offer (provided that this is a common and generally acceptable method) e.g. if we offer delivery of an item with standard delivery and you choose next day delivery at a higher cost, then we will refund you the cost of standard delivery only; (c) make any refunds due to you without undue delay. 8.6 if you have returned the goods to us under this clause 8 because they are faulty or described inaccurately, we will refund the price of the goods in full, together with any applicable delivery charges, and any reasonable costs you incur in returning the item to us. however, we cannot accept liability for an item as faulty until it has been returned to us and we have inspected it to confirm it is faulty. 8.7 we will refund you on the original method of payment. if you used a gift card to pay for the goods we will refund you to the first gift card used. if you made the payment using part gift card and part alternative payment, the gift card will be refunded before the others. 8.8 if an item has been delivered to you before you decide to cancel your contract: (a) then you must return it to us without undue delay and not later than 14 days after the day on which you let us know that you wish to cancel the contract. please see clause 8.9 for our returns address and further returns information. please note that we may withhold your refund until we have received the goods or you have supplied evidence of having sent them back to allsaints – whichever is the earlier; (b) unless the item is faulty or not as described (in this case, see clause 8.6), you will be responsible for the cost of returning the goods. 8.9 all items cancelled under the consumer contracts regulations 2013 should be returned to: allsaints site returns unit 6 new hythe business park bellingham way larkfield aylesford me20 6qs you should return your items via a secure and insured delivery service as allsaints cannot accept responsibility for goods not received. we recommend you keep your tracking number until your refund has been processed. 8.10 we are under a legal duty to supply goods that are in conformity with this contract. as a consumer, you have legal rights in relation to goods that are faulty or not as described. these legal rights are not affected by your right of return and refund in this clause 8 or anything else in these terms. advice about your legal rights is available from your local citizens' advice bureau or trading standards office. 8.11 where an item you returned is received by us 14 days after the day on which you let us know that you wish to cancel the contract, under the consumer contracts regulations 2013 we will issue you with a gift card for the appropriate amount. 8.12 our free uk returns service is not available for orders cancelled under the consumer contracts regulations 2013. in other words, if a uk-based customer informs us of their decision to cancel the contract under the consumer contracts regulations 2013 or uses the cancellation form, the customer will not then be able to use our free uk returns service or return items directly to allsaints stores. 9.0 refunds and returns 9.1 refunds (a) if you want to return an online order for a refund via the original form of payment, you can do so by returning the item to our distribution centre (address below). uk customers can use our free returns service. for the channel islands, you are able to return your order however you will pay the cost of return. please note that unless you are a uk customer using our free uk returns service, all return postage costs are your responsibility. returns hand carried to our website returns address below will not be accepted due to security reasons. allsaints website returns unit 6 new hythe business park bellingham way larkfield aylesford me20 6qs please see the returns section below and our returns page for further details on returning an item for a refund. (b) if you are a uk customer you can return an item for a refund via the original form of payment to an allsaints store (excluding concessions, department stores and outlets) within 28 days of receipt. you can also use our free uk returns service. (c) where an item you returned is received by us after this 28 day period, we will issue you with a gift card for the appropriate amount. any items received or returned to us after this 28 day period will not be refunded and will be returned to you. please note this excludes orders using klarna. (d) our department store concessions and outlet stores are unable to accept returns of items purchased online. (e) you also have a right to cancel a contract under the consumer contracts regulations 2013. please see clause 8 for more information. 9.2 exchanges (a) if you are a uk customer and want to exchange an item for a different size or colour you can do so by returning the item to any allsaints store (excluding global department stores, concessions and outlets) within 28 days of receipt. any items returned for an exchange after this 28 day period will not be accepted. (b) please note we do not offer exchanges for online orders returned to our distribution centre. you will need to return your order to the distribution centre for a refund and then place a new order. (c) online orders exchanged in store will fall under the store return policy. (d) please see the returns section below and our returns page for further details on how you can return an item for an exchange. 9.3 returns (a) allsaints cannot accept responsibility for goods not received and a proof of signature is required to confirm receipt. we recommend you keep your tracking number until your refund has been processed. (b) your delivery costs will be refunded in the following circumstances: if you cancel your order before dispatch; if you return a faulty item; if we cancel your order due to stock availability or because the product is faulty on dispatch; or if you choose to cancel your order under the consumer contracts regulations (in which case we will refund you the value of our least expensive delivery method). please note that if you cancel your order under the consumer contracts regulations you will not be able to use our free returns service but will have to pay the cost of returning the item to us. please note: delivery costs will not be refunded if you cancel your order after dispatch and use our free uk returns service as the free returns service is provided in place of reimbursement of the original delivery charges. for the channel islands, delivery costs will be refunded if you cancel after dispatch as we do not offer a free returns service for international orders. 9.4 handling and conditions of returned goods (a) please take reasonable care when opening original packaging and, where possible, ensure it is returned along with the goods. (b) all goods should be inspected and tried on with reasonable care being exercised. (c) items should be returned unused and in a resalable condition, with all garment tags and care labels still attached. if returned items do not match the items included in the original order or are damaged or soiled we reserve the right not to accept them and may send them back to you and/or refuse a refund. (d) where protective casings, protective boxes, dust bags and leather tags are provided with the goods, these must be returned along with the goods. for example, all footwear must be returned in its original shoe box, all sunglasses in their original sunglasses cases and all jewellery in their original jewellery pouches or boxes. (e) for hygiene reasons swimwear and underwear must be unused with the tags and hygiene seals intact, and in the complete original packaging, unless they are faulty. these goods should not be tried on and must be inspected in their packaging. (f) for handbag returns: when examining your handbag please be mindful not to scratch or mark the product. for returns please wrap your handbag carefully in the original dust bag to prevent any damage during shipping. 9.5 fragrance returns for health and hygiene reasons we cannot exchange or refund fragrances once the original packaging and cellophane wrap has been opened. uk orders will not include free returns labels if your purchase includes a fragrance due to strict shipping legislation surrounding the transportation of flammable substances. please contact customer experience to arrange a collection for your fragrance, if you want to return it. 9.6 face masks returns for health and hygiene reasons we are unable to exchange or refund face masks unless they are faulty. 9.7 watch warranty & repairs your allsaints watch is warranted by allsaints under the terms and conditions of this warranty for 2 years post date of purchase. any components (excluding battery, leather or metal strap and/or buckle) found to be defective as a result of a manufacturing defect will be, at the discretion of allsaints, repaired or replaced free of charge. after the warranty period, any services or repairs will be subject to a service charge. warranty on watch purchases does not cover: general wear and tear; the battery, leather or metal strap and/or buckle; negligence, loss, theft or accidents; negligent or improper handling of the watch, crystal and crown; water damage if watch is not marked as water resistant or has been opened by an unauthorised service centre; any watch without a valid proof of purchase; any claims on the watch if it has been serviced other than at an authorised service centres; indirect or consequential damage resulting from any defect, inaccuracy or inoperativeness of the watch; and/or other factors not due to defects in workmanship. in order to make a claim under your allsaints warranty, please email allsaints customer experience ask@allsaints.com. we will assess the issue and where necessary notify the relevant regional service centre of your request and advise you on how to return to your watch. please include the below details in the email to customer experience so we can support. name address postcode/ zip code phone number email address region: uk, usa, canada, europe watch style number # order number or receipt number # describe the issue to return your watch for a refund please follow our return policy and instructions. please note: if a valid warranty claim is made, the watch will be replaced or repaired at allsaints' discretion. in case of replacement, allsaints cannot guarantee that the same watch model will be received. if the model is unavailable, a watch of equal value or similar style will be provided. the warranty for the replacement watch ends two years from the date the replacement watch is received. proof of purchase is required to make a claim under this warranty. please note that we do not have the facilities in our allsaints stores to repair watches or remove links. if a claim is made under this warranty, the customer will be required to cover the cost of sending the watch back to the relevant service centre. for service or repairs not covered under this warranty, the service centre may process the request and the customer may be charged for the work required. strap removal & amendment: allsaints doesn't offer a strap change service in store, but you can use one of our authorised service centres or a watch centre of your choice. strap removal does not affect your warranty. please note that we do not have the facilities in our allsaints stores to remove straps. repairs or servicing outside of warranty: to request work not covered under your allsaints warranty, including link changes and battery replacements, please email customer experience ask@allsaints.com as above and follow the same steps. 9.8 jewellery returns for health and hygiene reasons we are unable to exchange or refund pierced earrings unless they are faulty. all other jewellery must be unused and returned in resalable condition. 9.9 klarna returns you can return an item that was purchased using klarna in store or you can send your item back to our distribution centre within 28 days of purchase for a refund to the original form of payment. please note that allsaints orders placed using klarna cannot be refunded on to a gift card, therefore refunds will be returned to the original form of payment. you cannot purchase an allsaints gift card using klarna. for more information, please visit klarna's klarna's terms and conditions. 10.0 uk delivery options 10.1 for times please see our delivery page. 10.2 delivery days indicated above are estimates only and cannot be guaranteed. deliveries to outlying areas, excluded postcodes and store-sourced items may take longer. you will be advised if an item is coming from a store during the checkout process. 10.3 the delivery options available to you and the cost of delivery will be stated prominently on the site at the time of your order. 10.4 vat will not be charged on orders to the channel islands, however our global selling price will remain the same. 10.5 we ship all uk orders via our uk carrier, dpd. our dispatch confirmation email will include a tracking number and link to the courier site. 10.6 all dpd delivery services provide a 1 hour time slot for estimated arrival by sms and email. a time slot cannot be specified with any of our delivery services. delivery of an order shall be completed when we deliver the goods to the address you gave and the goods will be your responsibility from that time. 10.7 for uk domestic deliveries, we recommend you use the your dpd app to manage your deliveries proactively and select delivery preferences to prevent issues with the receipt of your parcel. if you are not in at the time of delivery and have not provided specific instructions, your order, will by default, be delivered to a neighbour if available or redirected to a local dpd pickup shop for collection. contact-free delivery is now standard for all uk domestic deliveries and drivers will take a photo of the parcel as proof of delivery. customers will not be asked to sign for their parcels. 10.8 please note that during our seasonal sales and periods of promotional activity processing and dispatch of your order by our distribution centre may take longer and certain delivery services may be removed. 10.9 occasionally our delivery to you may be affected by an event outside our control. see clause 18 for our responsibilities when this happens. 10.10 you own the goods once we have received payment in full, including all applicable delivery charges. 10.11 shipping restriction and exclusions: store-sourced items: a store sourced item is a product which has been fulfilled from one of our stores as it is no longer available at our distribution centre. this is clearly messaged on our website throughout the checkout path. store sourced items will be delivered separately within 3-5 working days and are not eligible for next day delivery services. please note shipping times will vary during busy promotional periods. bfpo & po boxes: allsaints does not ship to po boxes. dpd will ship bfpo orders to raf northolt for distribution within the internal network which may be subject to delays. please be sure to include your full name and personnel information at checkout. 11.0 proof of delivery 11.1 contact-free delivery is now standard and drivers may take a photo of the parcel as proof of delivery. this proof of delivery will be provided to the customer by the courier. proof of delivery will vary per region. customers may not be asked to sign for their parcels and an alternate proof of delivery may be provided by the carrier. please use in-transit options to manage your delivery with your courier. 11.2 please see options for managing delivery preference below: 11.2.1 uk domestic delivery: mydpd app and site: if you are not home at the time of delivery and have not provided specific instructions, your order, will by default, be delivered to a neighbour if available or redirected to a local dpd pickup shop for collection. 11.3 all orders are security sealed prior to dispatch and under no circumstances should packages be accepted if the seals are broken or the packaging is damaged upon arrival. in the event that the seals are broken or the packaging is damaged, please immediately refuse the parcel and then contact customer experience at ask@allsaints.com. 11.3.1 uk domestic delivery: mydpd app and site. 11.4 in the event that the seals are broken or the packaging is damaged, please immediately refuse the parcel and then contact customer experience at ask@allsaints.com. 12.0 taxes and duties 12.1 deliveries to the channel islands please note that, for deliveries outside the uk, we operate on a ddu (delivered duty unpaid) basis. this means that: (a) product prices for such destinations are exclusive of all taxes and duties, including uk vat; (b) you will be responsible for payment of any customs clearance expenses, import duties, sales taxes, brokerage fees and any other similar charges or fees imposed by the customs authorities of the destination country. payment of these will be necessary in order to release your items from customs on arrival. please note that we have no control over these charges and cannot predict their amount or offer a refund in the event that you are unable or unwilling to pay these charges; (c) you are responsible for providing any information required by the customs authorities of the destination country to ensure the goods are cleared. we recommend you contact the customs authorities of the destination country to determine a landed cost price for the items prior to placing an order and what information will be required to obtain release of the items from customs. 13.0 gift cards 13.1 the term gift cards refers to both physical and virtual e-gift cards. 13.2 allsaints gift cards are available between the values of £20 and £2000. our gift cards can be redeemed online and in our stores and outlets that trade in the same currency as your gift card. you are able to redeem up to 3 gift cards per transaction across our sites, excluding our mobile app. this excludes department store concessions, and digital concession partner sites. please note that there will be a pre authorisation hold on your gift card redemption on completion of your online order. you will be charged once your order has been dispatched. 13.3 allsaints stores issue gift cards in sterling (gbp), euros (eur), us dollars (usd) and canadian dollars (cad), depending upon which country the gift card is purchased and the local currency of that country. 13.4 sterling (gbp) gift cards can only be used on the uk site. if you purchase a physical gift card on our sites, we’ll post the gift card to your chosen address, presented in a gift box, with a secure tracked shipping service under any of our delivery options. e-gift card purchases will be sent to the recipient’s email address provided at the checkout. you may check your gift card balance on this page. 13.5 gift card values or balances cannot be converted into different currencies. 13.6 gift cards are non-refundable, non-exchangeable and not redeemable for cash unless otherwise required by applicable law. 13.7 gift cards cannot be purchased at a discounted price during sales and promotions. they cannot be used to purchase other gift cards. 13.8 you can cancel an e-gift card at any time up to 14 calendar days upon receipt, providing none of the balance has been spent. to cancel an e-gift card, please contact customer experience. 13.9 unless contrary to applicable law, gift cards are valid for 24 calendar months from the date of purchase – this may vary regionally. gift cards presented after expiry date will be treated as void and are non-refundable and non-exchangeable. 13.10 allsaints reserves the right to refuse a gift card it deems to have been tampered with, duplicated, damaged, resold, or which is otherwise suspected to be fraudulently reproduced or obtained. allsaints reserves the right to cancel, restrict or freeze any gift cards in its sole discretion where fraud or misuse is suspected or confirmed – this includes the need to carry out any further investigation and cooperation with law enforcement agencies. 13.11 use of the gift card constitutes acceptance of these terms. if you have any questions about gift cards please contact customer experience. 14.0 price of goods and delivery charges 14.1 the price of the goods will be as quoted on our site at the time you submit your order. we take all reasonable care to ensure that the prices of goods are correct at the time when the relevant information was entered onto the system. however please see clause 14.4 for what happens if we discover an error in the price of goods you ordered. 14.2 all prices shown include the applicable vat. if the rate of any applicable vat changes between the date of your order and the date 14.3 the price of an item does not include delivery charges. our delivery charges are as advised to you during the check-out process, before you confirm your order. to check relevant delivery charges, please refer to clauses 10 and 11 above and our delivery page. 14.4 our site contains a large number of items. it is always possible that, despite our best efforts, some of the items on our site may be incorrectly priced. we will normally check prices as part of our dispatch procedures so that: (a) where the item's correct price is less than the price stated on our site, we will charge the lower amount when dispatching the item to you. however, if the pricing error is obvious and unmistakable, we do not have to provide the item to you at the incorrect (lower) price; and (b) if the item's correct price is higher than the price stated on our site, we will contact you as soon as possible to inform you of this error and we will give you the option of continuing to purchase the item at the correct price or cancelling your order. we will not process your order until we have your instructions. if we are unable to contact you using the contact details you provided during the order process, we will treat the order as cancelled and notify you in writing. 14.5 unfortunately, we cannot advise you in advance of any proposed reduction in prices or reimburse you the difference in the event that an item you order is subsequently reduced in price. 14.6 we may from time to time run special promotions or issue promotional codes. unless otherwise expressly stated on the specific promotion, promotional codes cannot be used in conjunction with any other offer or promotion, cannot be used to purchase gift cards and can only be used against full price items. we reserve the right to change or terminate any promotion without notice at any time. 15.0 how to pay 15.1 you can only pay for items on our site using any one of the following methods: debit card, credit card, paypal, apple pay, pay by amazon, pay with klarna, allsaints gift cards in sterling (gbp) or any other methods which may be clearly indicated on our site from time to time. please note exclusions may apply with the availability of payment methods. 15.2 we accept the following debit or credit cards: visa, mastercard, american express and maestro. when you use a payment card you confirm that the card being used is yours or that you have been specifically authorised by the owner of the payment card to use it. 15.3 all payments are subject to validation checks and authorisation by the payment service provider. if the payment service provider refuses to authorise payment to us, we will not be liable for any delay or non-delivery. if you are a customer whose payment service provider is not denominated in sterling or euros, the final price will be calculated in accordance with the applicable exchange rate on the day your card issuer processes the transaction. 15.4 if you choose to pay by paypal, you will be directed to the paypal site to log in using your paypal credentials and review the amount to be paid before completing your purchase. once this transaction is complete, you will then be returned to our site. 15.5 if you choose to pay by amazon, you will be directed to log in then to review the sum to be paid before completing your purchase. once this transaction is complete, you will then be returned to our site. 15.6 if you choose to pay by klarna, you will be directed to the klarna site to login then review the amount to be paid before completing your purchase. once this transaction is complete, you will then be returned to our site. klarna is not available in allsaints stores, on the digital store ordering system in store, or on the allsaints app. klarna is an independent payment service provider which allsaints has no influence over, therefore whether your payment with klarna is accepted or not is not the responsibility of allsaints. for more information, please read klarna's terms and conditions. if you experience any issues with your payment, please contact the klarna customer service team who are available on phone and online chat. 16.0 liability 16.1 if we fail to comply with these terms, we are responsible for loss or damage you suffer that is a foreseeable result of our breach of these terms or our negligence, but we are not responsible for any loss or damage that is not foreseeable. loss or damage is foreseeable if they were an obvious consequence of our breach or if they were contemplated by you and us at the time we entered into the contract. 16.2 we only supply the goods for domestic and private use. you agree not to use the product for any commercial, business or resale purposes, meaning we only issue invoices that are addressed to customers, not businesses. we have no liability to you for any loss of profit, loss of business, business interruption, or loss of business opportunity. 16.3 we do not in any way exclude or limit our liability for: (a) death or personal injury caused by our negligence; (b) fraud or fraudulent misrepresentation; (c) any breach of the terms implied by section 12 of the sale of goods act 1979 (title and quiet possession); (d) any breach of the terms implied by section 13 to 15 of the sale of goods act 1979 (description, satisfactory quality, fitness for purpose and samples); and (e) defective products under the consumer protection act 1987. 17.0 events outside our control 17.1 we will not be liable or responsible for any failure to perform, or delay in performance of, any of our obligations under a contract that is caused by an event outside our control. an event outside our control is defined below in clause 17.2. 17.2 an event outside our control means any act or event beyond our reasonable control, including without limitation: strikes, lock-outs or other industrial action by third parties, civil commotion, riot, invasion, terrorist attack or threat of terrorist attack, war (whether declared or not) or threat or preparation for war, fire, explosion, storm, severe weather conditions, flood, earthquake, subsidence, epidemic, pandemic or other natural disaster, adverse weather conditions, or failure of public or private telecommunications networks or impossibility of the use of railways, shipping, aircraft, motor transport or other means of public or private transport. 17.3 if an event outside our control takes place that affects the performance of our obligations under a contract: (a) we will contact you as soon as reasonably possible to notify you; and (b) our obligations under a contract will be suspended and the time for performance of our obligations will be extended for the duration of the event outside our control. where the event outside our control affects our delivery of goods to you, we will arrange a new delivery date with you after the event outside our control is over. 17.4 you may cancel a contract affected by an event outside our control which has continued for more than 30 days. to cancel please contact us. if you opt to cancel, you will have to return (at our cost) any relevant goods you have already received and we will refund the price you have paid, including any delivery charges. 18.0 other important terms 18.1 we may transfer our rights and obligations under a contract to another organisation, but this will not affect your rights or our obligations under these terms. 18.2 this contract is between you and us. no other person shall have any rights to enforce any of its terms, whether under the contracts (rights of third parties act) 1999 or otherwise. 18.3 each of the paragraphs of these terms operates separately. if any court or relevant authority decides that any of them are unlawful or unenforceable, the remaining paragraphs will remain in full force and effect. 18.4 if we fail to insist that you perform any of your obligations under these terms, or if we do not enforce our rights against you, or if we delay in doing so, that will not mean that we have waived our rights against you and will not mean that you do not have to comply with those obligations. if we waive a default by you, we will only do so in writing, and that will not mean that we will automatically waive any later default by you. 18.5 these terms and any dispute or claim arising out of or in connection with such matters, their subject matter or formation (including but not limited to non-contractual disputes or claims) shall be governed by, construed and interpreted in accordance with the laws of england and wales and you agree to submit to the non-exclusive jurisdiction of the english courts. 18.6 where these terms are translated into languages other than english in the event of any conflict or inconsistency the english language terms shall prevail. 18.7 we reserve the right to bring proceedings in the courts of the: (a) country of your residence; (b) location of your access or use of the site; (c) location of any breach by you of these terms; and/or (d) location of your authorisation of any of the above acts. 18.8 you acknowledge and agree that damages alone would not be an adequate remedy for any breach of the terms of these terms. accordingly, we shall be entitled to the remedies of injunction, specific performance or other equitable relief for any threatened or actual breach of the terms of these terms. 19.0 delivery issues if you have not received your order or item(s), please check the tracking details provided in the dispatch email to locate your parcel. some items may be delivered separately under separate tracking numbers due to being sourced from a store and will take longer. check the communication from the courier regarding your delivery, and where necessary, provide any necessary information for the successful delivery of your parcel. 19.1. uk domestic delivery: if you are not in at the time of delivery and have not provided specific instructions, your order, will by default, be delivered to a neighbour if available or redirected to a local dpd pickup shop for collection. if you are still unable to locate your parcel, please email customer experience at ask@allsaints.com with your order number and tracking number. in the event that the delivery has been lost, damaged in transit or is missing item(s), allsaints will open an investigation with the courier on your behalf. allsaints can raise an investigation for orders within 25 days of dispatch. a. per industry standard practice, you will be required to complete a declaration form which enables allsaints to open the investigation with the courier. this will be sent to you via email by customer experience. we are unable to open an investigation without a completed declaration form. b. the data provided in the declaration form is essential for the courier team to undertake their investigation effectively. if information is omitted or inaccurate, then this will result in delays to the processing of your claim. c. allsaints will await the outcome of the courier investigation and use information from our distribution centres and/or store network to provide an outcome to your claim. this can take 10 business days and may take longer during busier periods. d. all claims will be evaluated individually, and outcomes are made according to the delivery and returns policies, the terms of sale and the findings of the courier investigation. e. allsaints cannot accept liability for claims where sufficient evidence of successful delivery to the correct address has been demonstrated by the courier. for the avoidance of doubt, this also includes evidence of (without limitation) safe place delivery, photographic evidence, geolocation and courier adherence to the delivery preferences and instructions selected by the customer. 19.2. returns issues (uk domestic orders): if you have not received your refund, review your returns tracking number to confirm the location of your returned parcel. for uk returns, the royal mail medway centre is not the final destination and may take between 3-5 working days to be delivered to the allsaints distribution centre. this can take longer during busy periods. if the return cannot be located, contact customer experience at ask@allsaints.com for advice on next steps. in the event that the delivery has been lost, damaged in transit or is missing item(s) allsaints will open an investigation with the courier on the customer’s behalf. a. per industry standard practice, you will be required to complete a declaration form which enables allsaints to open the investigation with the courier. this will be sent to you via email by customer experience. we are unable to open an investigation without a completed declaration form. b. the data provided in the declaration form is essential for the courier team to undertake their investigation effectively. if information is omitted or inaccurate, then this will result in delays to the processing of your claim. c. allsaints will await the outcome of the courier investigation and use information from our distribution centres and/or store network to provide an outcome to your claim. this can take 10 business days and may take longer during busier periods. d. all claims will be evaluated individually, and outcomes are made according to the delivery and returns policies, the terms of sale and the findings of the courier investigation. e. allsaints cannot accept liability for claims where sufficient evidence of successful delivery to the correct address has been demonstrated by the courier. for the avoidance of doubt, this also includes evidence of (without limitation) safe place delivery, photographic evidence, geolocation and courier adherence to customer delivery preferences. 20.0 shopping in our stores 20.1 store returns policy a) refunds should you need to return anything purchased at an allsaints store, please: bring your item to an allsaints standalone store that trades in the same currency; bring your receipt for a refund via your original form of payment; return your items unworn/unused and in the same condition you received them with their original packaging and all tags and labels attached; and return your item(s) within 28 days. b) exchanges should you need to exchange anything purchased at an allsaints store (excluding outlets and concessions), please: bring your receipt to exchange you items for another item or a gift card; return your items unworn/unused and in the same condition you received them with their original packaging and all tags and labels attached; and return your item(s) within 28 days. c) concessions and outlets items purchased in department store concessions must be exchanged in accordance with the department store’s own policy. items purchased in our outlet stores can be exchanged for another item or a gift card within 28 days of purchase. items purchases at our outlet stores cannot be returned for a refund. concessions and physical outlet stores cannot accept exchanges on online orders and purchases from allsaints stores. your statutory rights are not affected. d) klarna online orders placed using klarna can be returned to an allsaints store for a refund via the original form of payment or for an exchange. please note that allsaints orders placed using klarna cannot be refunded on to a gift card, therefore refunds will be returned to the original form of payment. e) your statutory rights are not affected. 20.2 store security please note, we monitor the number of purchases and returns made by customers. excessive returns, or unusual payment activity, will be flagged and potentially refused in store, at our discretion, or lead to the closure of your allsaints account. if allsaints suspects or identifies any fraudulent or suspicious activity in relation to an order or transaction in store which is in violation of this agreement, any law or regulation or is likely to expose either allsaints or any other party to harm or loss, allsaints reserves the right to take the following actions, including but not limited to: rejecting, cancelling, recalling, reversing or taking any other appropriate steps to investigate the activity for security reasons. united kingdom united states france germany canada argentina australia austria belgium bolivia brazil bulgaria chile colombia croatia cyprus czech republic denmark ecuador estonia finland greece hungary iceland ireland (republic of) israel italy latvia lithuania luxembourg malta mexico netherlands new zealand norway oman paraguay peru poland portugal puerto rico romania singapore slovak republic slovenia south africa spain sweden switzerland turkey uruguay venezuela japan korea new to allsaints? sign up for 10% off full price styles on your first order. email address* first name good news, this email address has already subscribed please select your emailing preference first please select womenswear menswear by subscribing you agree with our terms & conditions and privacy policy. to opt out, click unsubscribe at the bottom of our emails thank you - we’ll send you an email with your discount code shortly. information information contact us delivery returns faqs klarna accessibility statement legal & cookies legal & cookies terms & conditions terms of site use privacy policy cookies tax policy modern slavery act gender pay gap cookie settings our company our company store locator we are allsaints conscious site map careers press customer service monday to friday: 09:30 – 00:00 gmt saturday and sunday: 09:30 – 19:30 gmt contact us follow us instagram tiktok discord facebook twitter youtube pinterest © 2023 allsaints all rights reserved united kingdom | en (£) 10% off your first order new to allsaints? sign up for 10% off full price styles on your first order. email address* first name good news, this email has already subscribed. please select your emailing preference first please select womenswear menswear by subscribing you agree with our terms & conditions and privacy policy. to opt out, click unsubscribe at the bottom of our emails thank you - we’ll send you an email with your discount code shortly. got it, close shopping bag