来源URL: https://web.archive.org/web/20250501173139/https://www.allsaints.com/help/contact-us/privacy-policy/privacy-policy.html
================================================================================

privacy policy | allsaints skip to content (press enter) skip to footer (press enter) summer collection: shop women & men free delivery & returns women new in new in new arrivals clothing dresses knitwear jeans trousers jackets & coats leather jackets sweatshirts & hoodies tops & shirts t-shirts skirts & shorts swimwear & beachwear new co-ord sets suits & tailoring basics view all clothing accessories handbags jewellery leather belts hats cardholders & purses fragrance sunglasses new view all accessories footwear boots trainers flats heels sandals & sliders view all footwear gifting gift cards/ e-cards gift guide view all gifting collections bestsellers holiday shop new festival outfits new denim shop cavarly edit new wedding guest outfits occasionwear offers view all outlet new in new in new arrivals clothing dresses knitwear jeans trousers jackets & coats leather jackets sweatshirts & hoodies tops & shirts t-shirts skirts & shorts swimwear & beachwear new co-ord sets suits & tailoring basics view all clothing accessories handbags jewellery leather belts hats cardholders & purses fragrance sunglasses new view all accessories footwear boots trainers flats heels sandals & sliders view all footwear gifting gift cards/ e-cards gift guide view all gifting collections bestsellers holiday shop new festival outfits new denim shop cavarly edit new wedding guest outfits occasionwear offers view all outlet shop new arrivals men new in new in new arrivals clothing shirts sweatshirts & hoodies jeans trousers jackets & coats leather jackets knitwear t-shirts polo shirts suits & tailoring shorts swimwear & beachwear new ramskull edit basics multipacks view all clothing accessories bags jewellery leather belts hats wallets & cardholders underwear & socks fragrance sunglasses new view all accessories footwear boots trainers shoes sliders view all footwear gifting gift cards/ e-cards gift guide view all gifting collections bestsellers holiday shop new festival outfits new denim shop underground edit wedding guest outfits occasionwear offers view all outlet new in new in new arrivals clothing shirts sweatshirts & hoodies jeans trousers jackets & coats leather jackets knitwear t-shirts polo shirts suits & tailoring shorts swimwear & beachwear new ramskull edit basics multipacks view all clothing accessories bags jewellery leather belts hats wallets & cardholders underwear & socks fragrance sunglasses new view all accessories footwear boots trainers shoes sliders view all footwear gifting gift cards/ e-cards gift guide view all gifting collections bestsellers holiday shop new festival outfits new denim shop underground edit wedding guest outfits occasionwear offers view all outlet shop new arrivals leather women's clothing leather jackets biker jackets suede jackets leather jackets new colours black leather jackets belted leather jackets all leather leather size guide women's footwear leather boots leather trainers leather heels all leather footwear women's accessories leather handbags cardholders & purses leather belts all leather accessories men's clothing leather jackets biker jackets suede jackets black leather jackets all leather leather size guide men's footwear leather boots leather trainers all leather footwear men's accessories leather bags leather belts all leather accessories shop all leathers outlet women outlet dresses outlet tops & shirts outlet t-shirts & sweatshirts outlet knitwear outlet jackets & coats outlet leather jackets outlet jeans & trousers outlet skirts & shorts outlet swimwear outlet footwear & accessories view all outlet women's shop by size 4 / xs 6 / s 8 / s 10 / m 12 / m 14 / l 16 / l women's shop by price under ┬ż50 under ┬ż100 men outlet t-shirts & sweatshirts outlet shirts outlet knitwear outlet jackets & coats outlet leather jackets outlet jeans & trousers outlet footwear & accessories outlet ramskull edit outlet shorts & swim shorts view all outlet men's shop by size xs s m l xl xxl men's shop by price under ┬ż50 under ┬ż100 shop now be inspired stores sign in / register wish list stores united kingdom | en (£) need help? monday to friday: 09:30 ōćō 00:00 bst saturday and sunday: 09:30 ōćō 22:00 bst email: ask@allsaints.com contact us menu clear sign in / register wish list show navigation allsaints work better with javascript enabled. to enable javascript, please click here. you are using an unsupported browser or your browser might be in the compatibility view mode your cookies are disabled. to experience the full world of sfra, please enable these or check whether another program is blocking them. by enabling them, you are agreeing to our cookie policy home contact us privacy policy help menu help contact us delivery returns faqs allsaints app terms & conditions terms of site use privacy policy cookies tax policy press & wholesale need help? monday to friday: 09:30 ōćō 00:00 gmt saturday and sunday: 09:30 ōćō 19:30 gmt email: ask@allsaints.com contact us privacy notice your privacy matters to us last updated: july 2024 at allsaints, we believe in creating amazing fashion experiences ōćō and that includes how we handle your personal data. we know privacy policies can be daunting, so we've worked hard to make ours clear and straightforward. this privacy notice explains what information we collect when you shop with us (in-store, online, over the phone and via our app), how we use it, and the choices you have about your data. we've designed it to be transparent about our practices and to empower you to make informed decisions. your trust is important to us. so, whether you're browsing our website, scrolling our app, trying on clothes in our stores, or joining our mailing list, we want you to feel confident about how we protect and respect your privacy. let's dive in and explore how we're committed to safeguarding your personal data while delivering the stylish experience you expect from allsaints. 1. who we are all saints retail limited of units c15-c17 jacks place, 6 corbet place, london, e1 6nn, uk and its affiliate companies are committed to protecting and respecting your privacy. for the purpose of the uk general data protection regulation (uk gdpr) and the data protection act 2018 and any other applicable data privacy and protections laws, allsaints is the data controller. for the purposes of this privacy notice, "we", "our" and "us" refer to allsaints, and "you", "your" "user," mean users of the services. ōć£affiliatesōćø means entities directly or indirectly controlled by or under common control with us. our "services" refer to all the ways you can interact with allsaints, including: our physical retail stores our uk facing website located at www.allsaints.com (ōć£siteōćø) our mobile applications ("app") our virtual shopping any other services we may offer that link to this privacy notice 2. about this privacy notice this privacy notice applies to the personal data we collect in connection with our services and outlines the personal data we collect about you, how we use it, with whom we share it and the rights you have regarding our use of your personal data. this applies to our uk based customers when using our services, meaning our physical stores, site, app and any other services we may offer that link to this privacy notice). customers from the rest of the world, please refer to your local website at: www.allsaints.com/ ; www.allsaints.com/us/ ; www.allsaints.com/row/ ; www.allsaints.com/de/ ; and www.allsaints.fr this privacy notice should be read along with our terms and conditions, terms of site use, and cookie policy. it's important that you provide accurate, complete information and keep it updated. please inform us of any changes to your personal data. we may update this privacy notice periodically. the "last update" date at the top will indicate the date of any changes. for significant updates, we'll notify you via email where possible. 3. what personal data do we collect and how we use it at allsaints, we collect and use your personal data to provide you with the best shopping experience, online, in-store or over the phone. we're committed to transparency and want you to understand how we handle your personal data. we primarily collect personal data for processing orders, improving our services, ensuring security, and marketing our products. we always have a legal basis for processing your data, whether it's to fulfil our contract with you, comply with legal obligations, pursue our legitimate interests, or with your consent. generally, we do not rely on consent as a legal basis for processing your personal data. however, we will obtain your specific consent before sending direct marketing communications to you via email or text message. you can withdraw consent to marketing at any time by contacting us. we may use the information you give to us to influence our broader product decisions in the future, including product designs and inventory. to request deletion of your personal data, please email legal@allsaints.com - all personal data will be deleted as soon as possible on request. for more details on specific types of data and how we use them, please review each category below: shopping with us (online, in-store, over the phone and via app) what we collect: contact details (salutation, first and last name, email address) delivery and billing addresses payment card details account details (including site login information) purchase history how we use it: to process orders and ensure correct delivery to manage accounts and provide access to purchase history to communicate with you about your order to provide customer service legal basis: primarily to fulfil our agreement with you when you make a purchase or use our services in-store experience and security what we collect: cctv footage age verification documents (when required) copy of identity documents (including full name, address, date and place of birth, gender, and nationality) how we use it: to ensure store security and safety to prevent and detect crime to comply with age-restricted sales regulations legal basis: legitimate interests and legal obligations website and app functionality what we collect: browsing data (products viewed or searched for) device information (browser type and version, operating system, platform) app usage data ip address url clickstream, page interaction information page response times, download errors, length of visits how we use it: to improve user experience and site/app performance to provide personalised features and product suggestions to secure user accounts and prevent unauthorized access to detect and prevent potential fraud to understand how you navigate our website/app and improve your experience legal basis: legitimate interests app-specific features what we collect: location data (if permitted) device information how we use it: to provide location-based services to enable push notifications (with your permission) to optimise app performance legal basis: consent for location services and push notifications, legitimate interests for app optimisation customer service improvement what we collect: phone numbers used to call customer experience call recordings customer service interactions via app and site how we use it: to enhance our customer service quality for security purposes to improve the services we provide to you legal basis: legitimate interests marketing and business data usage we may use your data to determine what we think you want or need or what may interest you. this is how we decide which products, services, and offers may be relevant to you. if you have requested to be informed or used our services and have not opted out of receiving that marketing, you will receive marketing communications. what we collect: contact details purchase history site and app interaction data gender information how we use it: to send you marketing communications and promotional offers to administer competitions or promotions you enter (see more information on competitions and prize promotions below) to inform you about stock availability of products you're interested in to remind you about items in your abandoned online basket to conduct market research to improve our products and services to create individual profiles to understand and respect your preferences to personalise your experience on our digital platforms (site and app) to tailor communications we send you based on your preferences and behaviour for profiling, segmentation, testing, and analysis of customer data for social media targeting and displaying personalized ads on social platforms to track your activity on our digital platforms to improve our products and services based on customer data and trends to measure the effectiveness of our marketing campaigns and promotions to provide personalized product recommendations to gather feedback on your shopping experience and customer satisfaction to inform the development of new products or services special note on social media advertising: we may also participate in services like facebook's custom audience service from time to time. this service enables us to display to you personalised advertisements when you visit facebookōćös social media platforms. it works by converting your email address to a unique number that facebook uses to match to unique numbers that facebook generates from email addresses of its users. where we use facebook custom audiences, we will only include you if you have consented to receive marketing from us. legal basis: we process this data based on your consent (where required) or our legitimate interests in promoting our business and improving our services. as applicable, you have the right to object to this processing or withdraw your consent at any time, as detailed in our 'your choices' section. prize draws and competitions we occasionally run prize draws and competitions to engage with our customers and offer exciting rewards. when you choose to participate in these events, we collect and use your data to manage the competition, select winners, and enhance your experience with allsaints. if you enter one of our prize draws or competitions, we will use your information to process your entry, contact you if you win, and for related marketing purposes. by participating, you agree to this use of your data, but you can opt out of receiving future marketing communications at any time. what we collect: contact details entry information any additional information provided for the specific prize draw or competition how we use it: to administer and manage prize draws and competitions to process and contact you about your prize draw or competition entry to distribute prizes to winners for marketing and promotional purposes related to the prize draw or competition to comply with legal and regulatory requirements related to running promotions sms and email: when you opt in for sms marketing, we collect your phone number and use your email address to link this consent to your existing customer profile. this allows us to send you relevant sms communications in addition to your existing email preferences. we process this new data based on your consent for sms marketing. you can withdraw your sms marketing consent or update your preferences at any time without affecting your email preferences. legal basis: we process this data based on your consent when you enter the prize draw or competition, and our legitimate interests in running and promoting these events. 4. your choices and control we strive to provide you with choices regarding certain personal data uses, particularly marketing and advertising. you can also opt out of marketing communications by following the instructions in any marketing email you receive or by logging into your online account and clicking ōćśmy accountōćö under ōćśmy preferencesōćö. please note that if you do opt-out, it may take a few days to process your request, and you may continue to receive promotional or marketing materials during this time. opting out will not prevent us from sending you other non-promotional messages, such as emails confirming transactions or abandoned basket emails. 5. when personal data is required for our services where we need to collect personal data to comply with legal requirements or to fulfil our contractual obligations to you, and you choose not to provide that data when requested, we may be unable to provide the product or service that youōćöve asked for. for example, if we can't verify your identity or delivery address, we may not be able to complete your order. if this situation arises, we'll explain the issue to you at the time and discuss alternative options. in some cases, we may have no other option but to cancel an order or service you have with us, but we will notify you if this is the case at the time. 6. how we share your personal data we share the information we collect about you with various parties for different purposes, as outlined below: affiliates, business partners, suppliers, sub-contractors, marketers, advertisers and advertising networks to send you direct mail or emails about their products, services, sales, promotions events, news and store openings that may interest you. advertisers and advertising networks to serve ads or adverts that may interest you or for data analytics that assist in the improvement and optimisation of products, services and the site. courier companies for purchase delivery. payment management companies to enable them to verify your credit or debit card details. app service providers that help us deliver the app. discount scheme facilitators that facilitate such discount schemes, provided you have previously registered with them. customer service management software that is designed to improve and manage our interaction with customers and your customer service experience. analytics and search engine providers to assist us in the improvement and optimisation of our products, sites and services. marketing support partners to assist us with our marketing efforts. customer surveys service providers which we may employ to assist us in carrying out and then analysing the results of customer surveys or questionnaires. if we are under a duty to disclose or share your personal data in order to comply with any legal obligation, subpoena or court order or in order to enforce or apply our terms and conditions of website use or our terms and conditions of supply and other agreements. if we believe in good faith that the disclosure of information is necessary to prevent imminent physical harm or financial loss to you or us; prevent or report suspected illegal activity; protect anyone's rights, property, or safety. additional third parties may include goodwill providers, legal insurers and selected third-party vendors who help us to operate our website and our business. 7. how long we keep your personal data we will only retain your personal data for as long as necessary to fulfil the purposes we collected it for, including for the purposes of satisfying any legal, accounting, or reporting requirements. we may retain your personal data for a longer period in the event of a complaint or if we reasonably believe there is a prospect of litigation in respect to our relationship with you. to determine the appropriate retention period for personal data, we consider the amount, nature, and sensitivity of the personal data, the potential risk of harm from unauthorised use or disclosure of your personal data, the purposes for which we process your personal data and whether we can achieve those purposes through other means, and the applicable legal requirements. in some circumstances we will anonymise your personal data (so that it can no longer be associated with you) for research or statistical purposes, in which case we may use this information indefinitely without further notice to you. if you would like more detailed information about our specific data retention periods, please contact us using the information provided in the "contact us" section. we will be happy to provide you with further details. 8. allsaints app all transactions are secured within the appōćöan ssl encryption system protects your personal and payment data. all payment details are encrypted with our payment provider, and you can secure any saved card details using your fingerprint with apple touch id (using iphone 5s or later) or with facial recognition using face id (using iphone x or later). when using the card scanning feature, we do not store photos of your card. we simply read the card details required for payment. the image is not saved and is deleted immediately after use. 9. cookies in common with many other website and app operators, we use standard technology called 'cookies' on our website. cookies are small pieces of information that are stored by your browser; they are used to record how you navigate the site on each visit. for further, more detailed information on how we use cookies, please refer to our cookie policy which you can read here. 10. where we store your personal data we may transfer, store, and process your personal data outside the uk, including to countries not deemed to provide an "adequate" level of data protection by the uk government. this includes processing by our staff, suppliers, business partners, or affiliates in countries outside the uk. such parties may be engaged in, among other things, the fulfilment of your order, the processing of your payment details and the provision of support services. for these international transfers, we may transfer your data to countries deemed "adequate" by the uk's secretary of state without additional safeguards. for international transfer to a country without ōć£adequateōćø status, we will implement the necessary safeguards to protect personal data as required under uk data protection law. such safeguards may include ōć£standard contractual clausesōćø (sccs) that require the person receiving the personal data to protect the personal data to a high standard, and any other necessary technical or organisational safeguards. 11. third party sites our services may contain links to other sites, such as social networking platforms. we do not endorse and are not responsible for the privacy practices of other sites and that the privacy notice presented here does not apply to such sites. if you have any questions about third parties' data practices, please consult those companies' privacy policies. 12. security we use technical and organisational security measures to protect your personal data against accidental or unlawful destruction, loss, alteration, unauthorised disclosure, or access. all information you provide to us is stored on secure servers. any payment transactions will be encrypted using ssl/tls technology and card data are processed by pci compliant payment providers. however, no method of transmission over the internet or electronic storage is 100% secure, so we cannot guarantee absolute security. you can help protect your online personal data by following these safety tips: always log out and close the browser when you complete an online session, if using a public computer. keep passwords private ōćō remember, anybody who knows your password could access your account. use a combination of letter and numbers when creating a password ōćō do not use dictionary words, your name, email address or other personal data that can be easily obtained. frequently change your password. avoid using the same password for multiple online accounts. use virus protection software and keep it up to date, notify us immediately if there has been, or you suspect there has been, unauthorised use of your password or account. where we have given you (or where you have chosen) a password which enables you to access certain parts of our site or our app, you are responsible for keeping this password confidential. you must not share your password with anyone. 13. protection of childrenōćös privacy our services are intended for individuals aged 18 and over. we do not knowingly collect or process personal data from children under 18. if you are under 18, please do not use our services or provide any personal information to us. if you are a parent or guardian and believe we may have inadvertently collected personal data from a child under your care, please contact us immediately (see our ōć£contactōćø section below). we will promptly investigate and, if appropriate, delete any such information. we encourage parents and guardians to monitor their children's internet usage and to help enforce our privacy notice by instructing their children never to provide personal data through our services without their permission. 14. your privacy rights under uk data protection law, you have several important rights regarding your personal data: access: request a copy of your personal data and information about how we use it. correction: ask us to correct any inaccurate data we hold about you. erasure: in certain circumstances, request that we delete your personal data. object: object to our processing of your data, particularly for direct marketing. restrict processing: ask us to temporarily limit how we use your data in specific situations (e.g., while we verify its accuracy). data portability: where technically feasible, request a copy of your data in a structured, machine-readable format. withdraw consent: if we're relying on your consent to process your data, withdraw it at any time. you also have rights relating to automated decision-making and profiling: human intervention: contest any automated decisions that significantly affect you and request human review. this applies to decisions made by an automated system without human involvement that affect your legal rights or other important matters. we only make such decisions, when necessary, under a contract with you, when permitted by law, or with your explicit consent. in these cases, you can challenge the decision and request an explanation. additionally, you have the right to lodge a complaint with a supervisory authority if you believe your data protection rights have been violated. for the uk, the authority is the information commissioner: information commissioner's office wycliffe house water lane wilmslow cheshire sk9 5af you can also contact the information commissionerōćös office using their online form https://ico.org.uk/concerns/handling/ to exercise these rights or learn more, please contact us (see refer to our ōć£contactōćø section below). while we aim to fulfil all requests, we may need to: verify your identity to protect your data ask for more information to process your request explain if we can't fully comply due to legal obligations or legitimate business interests in some cases, legal exemptions may prevent us from fulfilling your request. we'll always explain the reasons if this happens. 15. contact if you would like to find out more about this privacy notice, any of your rights or exercise your rights, please email us at ask@allsaints.com. if you are a current or former employee and would like to find out more about your rights or exercise your rights, please contact us at hr@allsaints.com. if you wish to opt out of receiving marketing and advertising communications from our business partners or affiliates (and their business partners), you must follow the opt-out instructions in each affiliateōćös communication or applicable privacy notice. alternatively, you can write to us: all saints retail limited units c15-c17 jacks place, 6 corbet place, london e1 6nn uk or contact us at legal@allsaints.com. you can also contact allsaints' data protection officer, hewardmills ltd., at: telephone: +44 (0) 204 540 5853 email: dpo@hewardmills.com address: 77 farringdon road, london, ec1m 3ju feel free to reach out to our data protection officer for assistance with any data protection issues or to exercise your rights under the uk gdpr. 16. changes to our privacy notice this privacy notice was lasted updated on 29th july 2024. we regularly review and update our privacy notice to ensure it accurately reflects our data practices and complies with current legislation. any future changes will be posted on this page, with the 'last updated' date revised accordingly. we encourage you to review this privacy notice periodically to stay informed about how we protect your personal data. if we make significant changes that materially affect your privacy rights, we will provide a more prominent notice and, in some cases, email notification of these changes. enjoy 10% off your first allsaints order unlock 10% off help help contact us track your order return your order delivery returns help centre report a scam we are allsaints we are allsaints about us sustainability our communities gender pay gap modern slavery act careers information information store locator site map allsaints app klarna corporate & legal corporate & legal terms & conditions terms of site use privacy policy tax policy accessibility cookies manage cookies follow us instagram tiktok discord facebook twitter youtube pinterest © 2025 allsaints all rights reserved united kingdom | en (£) enjoy 10% off your first order offer valid on full-price styles only. first name* email address* good news, your email has already subscribed +44 mobile number please select womenswear menswear unlock 10% off by subscribing you agree to receive our emails, sms, plus accept our terms & conditions & privacy policy. thank you - weōćöll send you an email with your discount code shortly. got it, close 10% off country united kingdom united states of america albania algeria american samoa andorra angola anguilla antigua and barbuda argentina armenia aruba australia austria azerbaijan bahamas bangladesh barbados belgium belize benin bermuda bhutan bolivia bonaire, saint eustatius and saba bosnia and herzegovina botswana brazil british virgin islands brunei darussalam bulgaria cambodia cameroon canada cape verde cayman islands chad chile colombia comoros cook islands costa rica cote d'ivoire (ivory coast) croatia curacao cyprus czech republic denmark djibouti dominica dominican republic east timor ecuador egypt el salvador equatorial guinea estonia ethiopia falkland islands faroe islands fiji finland france french guiana french polynesia gabon gambia georgia germany ghana gibraltar greece greenland grenada guadeloupe guam guatemala guinea guinea-bissau guyana honduras hungary iceland ireland (republic of) isle of man israel italy jamaica kazakhstan kenya kiribati kyrgyzstan laos latvia lesotho liechtenstein lithuania luxembourg madagascar malawi maldives malta marshall islands martinique mauritania mauritius mayotte mexico micronesia moldova monaco mongolia montenegro montserrat morocco mozambique namibia nauru nepal netherlands netherlands antilles new caledonia new zealand nicaragua nigeria niue north macedonia northern mariana islands norway oman pakistan palau panama paraguay peru poland portugal puerto rico reunion romania rwanda saint kitts and nevis saint lucia saint vincent & the grenadines samoa san marino senegal serbia seychelles sierra leone singapore slovak republic slovenia solomon islands south africa spain sri lanka st barthelemy st martin suriname swaziland sweden switzerland tanzania thailand togo tonga trinidad and tobago tunisia turkmenistan turks and caicos islands tuvalu uganda uruguay uzbekistan vanuatu vatican city state (holy see) venezuela vietnam virgin islands (u.s.) wallis and futuna islands zambia japan korea shopping bag