来源URL: https://web.archive.org/web/20121221113822/http://www.jewlr.com/info/customer_testimonials
================================================================================

we value your opinion | jewlr questions? call us at 1-866-610-8482 easy returns free shipping free gift about us my account  cart rings love rings promise rings men's promise rings couples rings engagement rings wedding rings anniversary rings celtic rings heart rings life rings mothers rings birthstone rings family rings daughters rings celebration rings graduation rings birthday rings friendship rings number of stones solitaire two stone rings three stone rings four stone rings five stone rings six stone rings 7-10 stone rings rings with accent stones collections best sellers personalized rings prism collection celtic rings men's rings stackable rings infinity rings karma rings view all rings pendants love pendants heart pendants promise pendants life pendants birthstone pendants mother's pendants family tree pendants collections best sellers infinity pendants personalized pendants cross pendants view all pendants gemstones gemstones garnet/january amethyst/february aquamarine/march diamond/april white topaz/april emerald/may smokey quartz/june alexandrite/june ruby/july peridot/august blue sapphire/september pink tourmaline/october citrine/november blue topaz/december swarovski zirconia white golden yellow lavender amethyst mint red green fancy brown fancy yellow fancy pink fancy blue view all gemstone jewelry gifts gifts for her for daughter for birthday for anniversary bridesmaids gifts gifts for mom mothers rings mothers pendants push presents gifts for girlfriend promise rings couples rings heart rings for her birthday gifts for him for boyfriend couples rings fathers jewelry for husband for father view all gifts specials & offers special collections hot items - what our customers are buying today new items - just added by our designers our designers picks - feel like something cool infinity collection - infinity rings and pendants need it in a rush? quick ship collection - ships in 3 to 4 days holiday delivery today's delivery status we can no longer guarantee christmas delivery for new orders. view our holiday shipping information about us how jewlr works faq lowest price guarantee return policy shipping information free gift ring sizing warranty information testimonials press affiliate program international orders contact us we value your opinion jewlr always welcomes customer feedback. please let us know how you feel about our service and products by emailing us at customerservice@jewlr.com. read what people are saying "i created a custom personalized ring online. it was really easy and i liked how the picture of my jewelry changed with every small detail i changed. every day i get compliments from friends and colleagues who see it and i tell them i designed it at your website. thanks for allowing me to get creative!" – brenda, new york "this makes a great gift for your girlfriend. amazing prices and quick delivery. can’t go wrong!" – dwayne, ny “crazy low prices, free shipping, quality jewelry. should you buy form here….yess!" – stacey, maryland "i ordered a ring (heart name ring) from your website to give to my mother for her birthday. she is 76 years old and has 4 grandchildren. i personalized the ring by putting each grandchild’s birthstone on the ring and engraved their names on it. you wouldn’t believe how happy it made her! she was in tears and loved it. thanks for allowing me to give her this gift." – faith, new hampshire "unbeatable in terms of price for the quality you get. guys, i have done my research, jewlr.com is the place to shop for your girlfriend/wife because the product is great and the prices are …. well you see how low they are." – carlos, new york show more testimonials "i have got my ring ... this ring is beautiful master piece ... i am very happy and my girlfriend will be very happy as well ... i want to say big thank you very much for this beautiful work and i wish you all the best in your business and lot of happy customers ... thank you very much" - louis, united kingdom "my wife absolutely loves the ring i ordered from you. she loves that i took the time to personalize it for her. thanks for helping me make the ordering process so easy and that i was able to see what i was ordering before i bought it. will tell my friends." – doug, massachusetts "i ordered a ring (heart name ring) from your website to give to my mother for her birthday. she is 76 years old and has 4 grandchildren. i personalized the ring by putting each grandchild’s birthstone on the ring and engraved their names on it. you wouldn’t believe how happy it made her! she was in tears and loved it. thanks for allowing me to give her this gift." – faith, new hampshire "i like how the picture on your site is exactly how the product looks. this is my second time buying from you and i wanted to show my appreciation for your great prices and great jewelry." – margaret, illinois "i would like to send you what i call a happy customer story. i was ordering a ring for my wife and needed some advice on what to buy. i called in to ask for some suggestions and i was given some great advice. its so nice to buy from a company that actually cares about their customers" – randall, washington "i really liked my ring i bought from your site. even the packaging was perfect – unlike going to those warehouse jewelry shows or those cruddy jewelry stores in the mall. those places are way overpriced for what you get. i am glad i found your site because you are very helpful and have great prices! thanks." – pearleane, new york "our beautiful pieces arrived yesterday, and we couldn’t be more thrilled! they are so unique because we personalized them just how we wanted them! thank you so much for your help with these!" - tina & tim, colorado "i want to thank your customer service for helping me out of a jam. i ordered a ring for my girlfriend for our anniversary. i was a little late on making a decision and wanted to make sure it got to me before our anniversary. i called your number and spoke with someone who made sure it was a priority and followed up with me that same day. i got the ring a day before our anniversary and my girlfriend was thrilled." – anonymous, texas "unbeatable in terms of price for the quality you get. guys, i have done my research, jewlr.com is the place to shop for your girlfriend/wife because the product is great and the prices are …. well you see how low they are." – carlos, new york "i love the promise ring my boyfriend bought me from your website. i think its so great how both of our names are on it and both of our birthstones. thanks so much! god bless" – amber, connecticut "guys, this makes a great gift for your girl. amazing prices and quick delivery. can’t go wrong!" – dwayne, ny "i bought a ring from your company almost a year ago. i was doing some gardening and accidently knocked out one of the gems. woops! anyways, i called your customer service and my ring was repaired for free. i wanted to say thanks again and i will definitely buy from you again." – christina s, california "package arrived one day before delivery date. always nice. i also liked how i could track it online because it was sent fedex." - nick, british columbia "all my friends at work wanted to know where i got my necklace from so i told them your site and sent them the referral link. 3 of them bought and i actually made money from them shopping with you! i wasn’t sure if it actually would work but it did! thanks!" – denise, california "great diamond studs! i bought my wife diamond stud earrings and they are truly stunning on her. the diamonds are great quality (my brother used to be in the jewelry business) and the price was unbeatable. i recommend this company to anyone looking for a great deal online for jewelry" – mitch, nebraska "i visited your website because my wife loves birthstones and i wanted to get her some jewelry with children’s birthstones on it. we have 5 kids and i couldn’t believe how easy it was to customize a ring with each of my kids birthstones on it. it was real nice to be able to see the ring before i bought it with a nice big picture on my screen. y’all exceeded my expectations with that one. i’ll be coming back for christmas shopping no doubt! can’t thank y’all enough!" – jed, tennessee "i took the diamond ring i ordered from your website to a jeweller in town (he mainly sells diamonds) and got the diamond appraised. he told me that the diamond was great quality and wanted to know where i bought it from. so i told him your website and walked out a happy girl :) " – linda, pennsylvania great shopping experience. quick and easy. delivered earlier than expected. definitely a ‘gem’ of the internet." – frank, ohio "the ring looked even better in person than on the website! trust me, that is not always the case!" – becky, texas i don’t know why you even have a return policy because i would never return my bracelet. it is beautiful and by far the best prices i’ve seen online. – renee, arkansas. "i love that my wife’s ring came in a nice box and it looked very classy. she would never believe that i ordered it online only 7 days ago! i would definitely recommend your company to my friends and family" – fred, new brunswick my boyfriend and i made the decision to get each other rings for our anniversary. we found some beautiful rings on your site and personalized them with our anniversary date on them! now we can cherish them forever. – alexis, ontario "i love my pendent i bought from your website. it is extremely unique and all my friends have been commenting on it! i also love that i was able to call in to ask a question and i was helped right away!" – carol, alberta "hello, i wanted to give you feedback on my item. i just received my necklace and i love it. i want to let you know that i am extremely pleased with my purchase and enjoy how easy it was. now that i know you sell high quality products, i will buy again for family and friends (and probably myself as well ha ha!). i feel like i have a personal jeweller that will personalize all my jewelry!" – roseanne p. nova scotia, canada "i ordered a ring for my girlfriend and it arrived on time. the diamond is beautiful and it came in a classy jewelry box. my girlfriend is going to melt when i give her the ring tonight. i didn’t know what size ring she was and so i used your sizing chart to figure it out. go figure! thanks again." – stan, michigan "wife loved the ring! looks just like it did on your website. thanks for making your site easy to use for someone like me." – tony, florida "i recently lost my job but still wanted to get my wife something for our 10 year anniversary. your prices are so good i had difficulty choosing what to get her. thanks." – anonymous "everything went as promised. i called a few times during the order process because i had some problems with my credit card, and the support staff helped me figure out the problem and i was able to order that day. i needed the order asap so they advised me to do the express shipping. the ring came before the date that i actually needed it. thanks." – gary, wisconsin personalized jewelry every item at jewlr can be personalized. create your own one of a kind piece by selecting the metal, stones and engravings. company about us how jewlr works privacy policy press buy it for free program affiliate program customer service faq ring sizing jewelry certificate international orders shipping information contact us risk-free shopping lowest price guarantee 30 day return policy one year warranty free shipping free gift testimonials follow us facebook twitter pinterest google+ subscribe to our newsletter: copyright © 2012 jewlr. all rights reserved.