来源URL: https://web.archive.org/web/20121221113822/http://www.jewlr.com/info/faq
================================================================================

frequently asked questions | jewlr questions? call us at 1-866-610-8482 easy returns free shipping free gift about us my account  cart rings love rings promise rings men's promise rings couples rings engagement rings wedding rings anniversary rings celtic rings heart rings life rings mothers rings birthstone rings family rings daughters rings celebration rings graduation rings birthday rings friendship rings number of stones solitaire two stone rings three stone rings four stone rings five stone rings six stone rings 7-10 stone rings rings with accent stones collections best sellers personalized rings prism collection celtic rings men's rings stackable rings infinity rings karma rings view all rings pendants love pendants heart pendants promise pendants life pendants birthstone pendants mother's pendants family tree pendants collections best sellers infinity pendants personalized pendants cross pendants view all pendants gemstones gemstones garnet/january amethyst/february aquamarine/march diamond/april white topaz/april emerald/may smokey quartz/june alexandrite/june ruby/july peridot/august blue sapphire/september pink tourmaline/october citrine/november blue topaz/december swarovski zirconia white golden yellow lavender amethyst mint red green fancy brown fancy yellow fancy pink fancy blue view all gemstone jewelry gifts gifts for her for daughter for birthday for anniversary bridesmaids gifts gifts for mom mothers rings mothers pendants push presents gifts for girlfriend promise rings couples rings heart rings for her birthday gifts for him for boyfriend couples rings fathers jewelry for husband for father view all gifts specials & offers special collections hot items - what our customers are buying today new items - just added by our designers our designers picks - feel like something cool infinity collection - infinity rings and pendants need it in a rush? quick ship collection - ships in 3 to 4 days holiday delivery today's delivery status we can no longer guarantee christmas delivery for new orders. view our holiday shipping information about us how jewlr works faq lowest price guarantee return policy shipping information free gift ring sizing warranty information testimonials press affiliate program international orders contact us frequently asked questions our customer service experts speak to hundreds of customers each week. here is a list of the most common questions. if you cannot find an answer, don't hesitate to contact us. about jewlr who are you? what makes jewlr unique? we are a leading online retailer of personalized jewelry. every jewlr item is made to order in north america and shipped directly to the customers in the usa, canada, united kingdom and australia. every item can be highly personalized by selecting your metal, gemstones, birthstones and engravings to meet your exact style. where is jewlr located? where is your jewelry made? jewlr is based out of toronto, ontario, canada, with factories in both the united states and canada. all of our jewelry is proudly made to order in north america. do you have any stores i can visit? no, jewlr is strictly an online retailer. as all our jewelry is custom made to order. we do not need to carry any inventory of our jewelry, and thus we are able to offer exceptionally affordable prices for personalized jewelry. do you have a warranty on your jewelry? yes, we have a one year warranty on all our jewelry against manufacturing defects. like all jewelry, proper care must be taken to ensure your jewelry maintains its original look. the warranty becomes void if the product has been subjected to misuse or has been altered by anyone other than jewlr. view our warranty information page for more details. shipping how much is shipping? do you offer free shipping? yes, we offer free shipping to all our customers in the united states*, canada, united kingdom and australia. view our shipping information page for more details. *unfortunately we cannot offer free shipping to our customers in alaska and hawaii how long will delivery take? every item is custom manufactured and ships in 3 to 10 business days from the order date. estimated ship dates are provided for each item on the item page. shipping to usa and canada takes an additional 1-5 business days. while we make every effort to ship your order to you within the estimated time frames, we cannot guarantee delivery within these estimated times. please allow sufficient manufacturing and shipment time when placing your order. what if i need my item sooner? we offer an expedited shipping option to most locations in north america. typically, this is a 1 day (overnight) shipping option, but may be 2 days if you live in a more remote location; please take this into account when placing your order. please also remember that these shipping times do not include the manufacturing time. manufacturing time for every item varies between 3 to 10 days. if you are in a rush take a look at the quick ship collection to see the items that are manufactured the fastest. upon request, we can try to expedite the manufacturing of your order. there are no guarantees that we will be able to fulfill your request, but we will definitely try our best. to make an expedited request, after placing your order, please send us an email (at customerservice@jewlr.com) with your order number and desired date of delivery. we also include a jewelry certificate with every item. your official certificate can be downloaded, printed and presented to your loved one to let them know that their special gift has been ordered and will be delivered shortly. can i upgrade my shipping method after my order is processed? yes, as long as your item has not been shipped yet, we can upgrade your shipping method (if option is available). please contact a customer service representative. who do you you use to ship? all items are made in our north american factories. we ship with both fedex and ups depending on location and service. what countries do you currently ship to? we currently ship directly to customers in the us, canada, uk and australia. for customers in other countries we do offer a solution with our partner, international checkout solutions. see international orders page for more details. do you ship to apo's, fpo's and p.o boxes? yes. shipping times may vary. returns & repairs what is your return policy? we offer a hassle-free 30 day return policy if you are not completely satisfied with your item. the item must be unworn and in its original condition. if the plastic jewelry tag has been removed, the item can not be returned. do not remove this tag until you are certain you want to keep your item. to request a return, please email us at customerservice@jewlr.com with your order number, contact information, and the reason for your return. a customer service representative will send you return instructions and a shipping label. you must make your return request and have the item postmarked to us prior to 30 days after the original shipment date. you will receive a full refund of the original item price minus a nominal charge for a return shipping label, once we have received the item and performed an inspection. please allow 1-2 weeks after our receipt of your return for your refund to be processed. do you offer resizing? yes, we offer one (1) free resizing (strictly within 2 full ring sizes) of your ring within 30 days of the original shipment date. this includes items that have been engraved, though there may be an additional charge for re-engraving. you will also be responsible for all related shipping costs. unfortunately, due to the nature of tungsten, we cannot offer free resizing for tungsten rings. if you require resizing outside the original 30 day period and/or resizing of greater than 2 full sizes, we'd be happy to do so for a reasonable fee. please contact us for more information. a stone fell out of my ring. can i return it for repair? yes, we would be happy to replace stone for you. if the ring is still under our one year manufacturer's warranty, and the ring has not been mistreated in any way, we will replace it for free; you will simply have to pay for the shipping charges. my sterling silver ring is tarnishing. what should i do? all genuine .975 sterling silver items can tarnish. tarnish is not an indication of poor quality. as a matter of fact, cheap imitation or costume jewelry is usually nickel plated or made from inexpensive base metals that will not tarnish. your genuine sterling silver item will tarnish when exposed to the environment and to everyday products such as perfumes, colognes, dishwashing soap, hair care products, lotions, creams and more. fortunately, there any many anti-tarnish silver polishes available at your local mall and/or jeweller. ordering will my ring look exactly like the preview image on the web site? when you personalize a ring on jewlr, you will see a preview of your item with your selected options. this preview is intended to give you an idea as to what your item will look like. though we do our best to provide an accurate representation of the actual item, there may some differences (e.g. with respect to stone colours and size). please ensure to review the item details which outline stone shapes and sizes. when will my order be processed? all orders placed during regular business hours will be processed within 24 hours. all orders placed on saturday, sunday, or holidays will be processed within 24 hours of the following regular business day. the approximate delivery time commences once your order has been processed. i need an engraving that is longer than the allowed number of characters. can you still do it? possibly. there may be certain styles where additional characters may be allowed if we feel that the addition will not compromise the design. please email us with the specific item style code and desired number of characters when inquiring. are special symbols or characters permitted in an engraving? no, unfortunately we cannot engrave special symbols and/or characters at this time. gemstones what are birthstones? a birthstone is a gift of a precious material and one that is cherished for a lifetime. birthstones are gemstones that are traditionally associated with the twelve birth months of the year and are available as genuine or simulated. genuine gemstones are mined directly from the earth and are much more scarce. they have taken millions of years to form deep within the earth and carry an exceptional earthly energy. no two genuine gemstones are identical making any jewelry piece truly unique!. genuine gemstones are rare and more valuable than simulated gemstones. jewlr offers a wide variety of genuine gemstones for a very reasonable price. certain precious gemstones such as diamonds, sapphires, emeralds and rubies are more expensive due to their greater scarcity and value. what is the difference between simulated gemstones and genuine gemstones? simulated (sometimes called synthetic) gemstones are created in laboratories and emulate the characteristics and look of genuine gemstones. for example, cubic zirconia is a diamond simulant composed of zirconium oxide. simulated stones tend to have vivid colors to them, as impurities are not present in a lab and do not modify the clarity or color of the stone.	therefore, the colors in simulated gemstones are consistent and can be easily matched with one another for a uniform look. genuine gemstones are rarer and more valuable than simulated gemstones. genuine gemstones increase the value of any jewelry item that contains them. jewlr offers a wide variety of genuine gemstones for a very reasonable price. precious gemstones such as diamonds, sapphires, emeralds and rubies are offered as an additional charge. why should you include genuine gemstones in your jewelry ? there are numerous benefits of including genuine stones to any jewelry item. genuine stones add an exceptional intrinsic worth and natural beauty to all jewelry.	genuine gemstones are rarer and much more valuable than simulated gemstones and this value stays with the jewelry item forever.no two genuine gemstones are identical and all have a unique story to them. the true beauty of gemstones can be fully enjoyed in their natural and genuine form. any gift recipient would love to know that their personalized item contains genuine stones and making it both personalized and truly one-of-a-kind. all of jewlr’s genuine gemstones are a-aa quality, in all shapes and sizes, purchased from industry leading suppliers and we continually strive to obtain the highest quality stones. jewlr offers a wide variety of genuine gemstones for very reasonable price. all of jewlr's simulated stones are swarovski zirconia and swarovski created stones which are the highest quality simulated stones in the marketplace. jewlr's diamonds are all conflict-free diamonds and come from reputable industry suppliers. jewlr designs are set with diamonds that are g-i in colors and at least i1 in clarity. we also offer a wide range of center diamonds that can be purchased by speaking with one of our diamond experts over the phone. all larger center stone diamonds are accompanied by a laboratory report from a reputable third-party. why aren't my birthstones offered for a particular item? unfortunately we are not able to offer birthstones in all stone shapes and size, so that is why you may not see your birthstone as an option for a particular ring. what is swarovkski zirconia? our prism collection is made with swarovski zirconia. stones made with zirconia, sometimes referred to as cubic zirconia, are flawless competitors to diamonds. the swarovski zirconia stones used in our jewelry are cut using the swarovski pure brilliance cut which offers the same brightness (brilliance) as the highest brilliance cut tolkowsky diamond. you can choose from 11 different colors to create a totally unique design. is swarovski zirconia the same as swarovski crystal? no, swarovski zirconia is made from zirconia which has many properties that are similar to a diamond and in many cases is visually indistinguishable from a diamond. what quality of diamonds are offered with your jewelry? the diamonds we use vary depending on the style and design of the item. the diamonds we offer are vs2-i2 in clarity and g-i in color. if you have specific questions regarding our diamonds, please call us to speak with one of our diamond experts. metals what is sterling silver? only a silver item that contains 92.5% silver can be referred to as, or stamped sterling silver. the remaining 7.5% is an alloy, usually copper, to increase the hardness. the stamp can appear as 925, .925 or 92.5, as opposed to a karat stamp. although this is the standard for the united states other countries may have lower grades. what is the difference between 10k & 14k gold? the term "karat" designates the amount of gold found in a piece of jewelry: 24 karats is pure gold but since pure gold is too soft to produce jewelry it is generally mixed with other metals to produce a harder, more workable alloy. while 14 karats (14k) indicates that 14 parts out of 24 are gold, the other parts being made up of the other metals, 10 karats (10k) indicates that 10 parts out of 24 are gold. jewelry what is family jewelry? family jewelry can be a ring, necklace or bracelet, for a grandmother, mother, or daughter that is set with the birthstone of each family member. some family jewelry is engraved with each family member's name or just the family's surname for that added personal touch. all family jewelry products carry a theme surrounding families. what is a mothers ring? a mother's ring is a symbolic ring that represents a mother's love for her child or children. it is customary to include the parents birthstones on a mother's ring, but having just the child's or children's birthstones is also common. often, these items are further personalized with custom engravings of children's names or the family surname. what is a grandmothers ring? this special ring features the gemstones of the grandparent's children and her children's child or children. alternatively, it can feature just the grandchild or grandchildren's birthstones. styles range from 5 to 12 gemstones. what is a daughter's ring? a daughter's ring typically has 3 gemstones, but not always, with a predominant or center birthstone representing the daughter's birth month. two smaller birthstones represent the birth month of the mother and father. what is a couples ring? a couples ring is a cherished keepsake between sweethearts; these rings have 2 stones representing the birth months of the couple and often include personal engravings. personalized jewelry every item at jewlr can be personalized. create your own one of a kind piece by selecting the metal, stones and engravings. company about us how jewlr works privacy policy press buy it for free program affiliate program customer service faq ring sizing jewelry certificate international orders shipping information contact us risk-free shopping lowest price guarantee 30 day return policy one year warranty free shipping free gift testimonials follow us facebook twitter pinterest google+ subscribe to our newsletter: copyright © 2012 jewlr. all rights reserved.