来源URL: https://web.archive.org/web/20131219112336/http://www.jewlr.com/info/faq
================================================================================

frequently asked questions | jewlr why choose jewlr? how it works free shipping call: 1-866-610-8482 need help? call customer care @ 1-866-610-8482 wishlist cart account rings all rings infinity promise women's promise men's promise coolr engagement couples celtic mother's family men's birthstone garnet (january) amethyst (february) aquamarine (march) diamond (april) white topaz (april) emerald (may) smokey quartz (june) alexandrite (june) ruby (july) peridot (august) blue sapphire (september) pink tourmaline (october) citrine (november) blue topaz (december) stone count no stone rings solitaire two stone rings three stone rings four stone rings five stone rings six stone rings 7-13 stone rings stone shape round marquise heart pear baguette princess pendants all pendants heart promise infinity name necklaces monogram necklaces birthstone mother's family tree cross shaped charms all charms bracelets engraved mother's earrings all earrings collections new items coolr collection swarvoski zirconia celtic jewelry infinity jewelry karma rings bow jewelry heart jewelry symbols jewelry flowers jewelry need it fast? quick ship collection gifts for mom for girlfriend for daughter for him jewlr gift cards best sellers rings pendants earrings all best sellers valentine's day cart account about us why choose jewlr faq return policy shipping information free gift ring sizing warranty information packaging jewelry certificate testimonials press international orders contact us frequently asked questions our customer service experts speak to hundreds of customers each week. here is a list of the most common questions. if you cannot find an answer, don't hesitate to contact us. about jewlr who are you? what makes jewlr unique? we are a leading online retailer of personalized jewelry. every jewlr item is made to order in north america and shipped directly to the customers in the usa, canada, united kingdom and australia. every item can be highly personalized by selecting your metal, gemstones, birthstones and engravings to meet your exact style. where is jewlr located? jewlr is based out of toronto, ontario, canada. all of our jewelry is proudly made to order in north america. do you have any stores i can visit? no, jewlr is strictly an online retailer. as all our jewelry is custom made to order. we do not need to carry any inventory of our jewelry, and thus we are able to offer exceptionally affordable prices for personalized jewelry. do you have a warranty on your jewelry? yes, we have a one year warranty on all our jewelry against manufacturing defects. like all jewelry, proper care must be taken to ensure your jewelry maintains its original look. the warranty becomes void if the product has been subjected to misuse or has been altered by anyone other than jewlr. view our warranty information page for more details. does jewlr have a wish list? jewlr offers a wish list so that you can keep track of all of those special items you want. personalize up to 8 pieces and add to your wish list. you can even save multiple customizations of the same ring in your wish list. share your wish list with your friends and family. sharing your wish list is a good way to let others know what you’re looking for – either for yourself or for that family group gift you want to give to mom! what is a wish list? jewlr’s wish list is a convenient way to keep track of all of those special items you want, personalized the way you want. it comes in handy around birthdays and holidays and special occasions. shipping how much is shipping? do you offer free shipping? yes, we offer free shipping to all our customers in the united states*, canada, united kingdom and australia. view our shipping information page for more details. *unfortunately we cannot offer free shipping to our customers in alaska and hawaii how long will delivery take? every item is custom manufactured and ships in 3 to 10 business days from the order date. estimated ship dates are provided for each item on the item page. shipping to usa and canada takes an additional 1-5 business days. while we make every effort to ship your order to you within the estimated time frames, we cannot guarantee delivery within these estimated times. please allow sufficient manufacturing and shipment time when placing your order. what if i need my item sooner? we offer an expedited shipping option to most locations in north america. typically, this is a 1 day (overnight) shipping option, but may be 2 days if you live in a more remote location; please take this into account when placing your order. please also remember that these shipping times do not include the manufacturing time. manufacturing time for every item varies between 3 to 10 days. if you are in a rush take a look at the quick ship collection to see the items that are manufactured the fastest. upon request, we can try to expedite the manufacturing of your order. there are no guarantees that we will be able to fulfill your request, but we will definitely try our best. to make an expedited request, after placing your order, please send us an email (at customerservice@jewlr.com) with your order number and desired date of delivery. we also include a jewelry certificate with every item. your official certificate can be downloaded, printed and presented to your loved one to let them know that their special gift has been ordered and will be delivered shortly. can i upgrade my shipping method after my order is processed? yes, as long as your item has not been shipped yet, we can upgrade your shipping method (if option is available). please contact a customer service representative. who do you you use to ship? all items are made in our north american factories. we ship with fedex, ups, and usps depending on location and service. what countries do you currently ship to? we currently ship directly to customers in the us, canada, uk and australia. for customers in other countries we do offer a solution with our partner, international checkout solutions. see international orders page for more details. do you ship to apo's, fpo's and p.o boxes? yes. shipping times may vary. please allow additional shipping time if shipping to apo, fpo or po box. packaging what package will arrive at my door? all orders are placed inside a non-descrip tamper-proof courier bag. how is my order packaged? every order is packaged in our gorgeous signature jewlr packaging. the packaging is designed to complement the elegance of you custom created jewlr item. the un-boxing experience starts with our unique matte laminate outer box which is designed to protect your jewelry and serve as a luxurios gift box. inside you will find a certificate of authenticity that details the personalized attributes of your item, an optional free gift message, a complimentary piece of costume jewelry and, of course, your personalized item(s). each item is mounted in one of our stylish jewelry boxes, perfect for presentation and safe keeping. all in all we promise an exceptional experience perfect for giving someone (or yourself) the perfect gift. name necklaces what choices of chain do you offer? you can choose between a 16" and 18" chain depending on how you would like to wear the necklace. we also offer two styles of chain, our standard thin rope chain and an upgraded curb chain. how big are the letters? it varies depending on the style and font that you select. on average the height of a capital letter is approximately 12mm. what is the difference between the rope and upgraded curb chain? the chains differ in the shape and thickness of the links. to match the style of the necklace and to ensure that the items are competitively priced, the rope chain is a stylish thin chain approximately 0.5mm thick. the upgraded curb chain is slighly thicker at approximately 1mm. returns & repairs what is your return policy? we offer a hassle-free 99 day return policy if you are not completely satisfied with your item. the item must be unworn and in its original condition. if the plastic jewelry tag has been removed, the item can not be returned. do not remove this tag until you are certain you want to keep your item. to request a return, please fill out our request return form. a customer service representative will send you return instructions and a shipping label. you must make your return request and have the item postmarked to us prior to 99 days after the original shipment date. you will receive a full refund of the original item price minus a nominal charge for a return shipping label, once we have received the item and performed an inspection. please allow 1-2 weeks after our receipt of your return for your refund to be processed. do you offer resizing? yes, we offer one (1) free resizing (strictly within 2 full ring sizes) of your ring within 30 days of the original shipment date. this includes items that have been engraved, though there may be an additional charge for re-engraving. you will also be responsible for all related shipping costs. unfortunately, due to the nature of tungsten, we cannot offer free resizing for tungsten rings. to have a ring resized, please follow the link to our request resizing form. if you require resizing outside the original 30 day period and/or resizing of greater than 2 full sizes, we'd be happy to do so for a reasonable fee. please contact us for more information. my sterling silver ring is tarnishing. what should i do? all genuine .975 sterling silver items can tarnish. tarnish is not an indication of poor quality. as a matter of fact, cheap imitation or costume jewelry is usually nickel plated or made from inexpensive base metals that will not tarnish. your genuine sterling silver item will tarnish when exposed to the environment and to everyday products such as perfumes, colognes, dishwashing soap, hair care products, lotions, creams and more. fortunately, there any many anti-tarnish silver polishes available at your local mall and/or jeweller. ordering will my ring look exactly like the preview image on the web site? when you personalize a ring on jewlr, you will see a preview of your item with your selected options. this preview is intended to give you an idea as to what your item will look like. though we do our best to provide an accurate representation of the actual item, there may some differences (e.g. with respect to stone colours and size). please ensure to review the item details which outline stone shapes and sizes. when will my order be processed? all orders placed during regular business hours will be processed within 24 hours. all orders placed on saturday, sunday, or holidays will be processed within 24 hours of the following regular business day. the approximate delivery time commences once your order has been processed. i need an engraving that is longer than the allowed number of characters. can you still do it? possibly. there may be certain styles where additional characters may be allowed if we feel that the addition will not compromise the design. please email us with the specific item style code and desired number of characters when inquiring. are special symbols or characters permitted in an engraving? no, unfortunately we cannot engrave special symbols and/or characters at this time. gemstones what are birthstones? a birthstone is a gift of a precious material and one that is cherished for a lifetime. birthstones are gemstones that are traditionally associated with the twelve birth months of the year and are available as genuine or simulated. genuine gemstones are mined directly from the earth and are much more scarce. they have taken millions of years to form deep within the earth and carry an exceptional earthly energy. no two genuine gemstones are identical making any jewelry piece truly unique!. genuine gemstones are rare and more valuable than simulated gemstones. jewlr offers a wide variety of genuine gemstones for a very reasonable price. certain precious gemstones such as diamonds, sapphires, emeralds and rubies are more expensive due to their greater scarcity and value. what is the difference between simulated gemstones and genuine gemstones? simulated (sometimes called synthetic) gemstones are created in laboratories and emulate the characteristics and look of genuine gemstones. for example, cubic zirconia is a diamond simulant composed of zirconium oxide. simulated stones tend to have vivid colors to them, as impurities are not present in a lab and do not modify the clarity or color of the stone.	therefore, the colors in simulated gemstones are consistent and can be easily matched with one another for a uniform look. genuine gemstones are rarer and more valuable than simulated gemstones. genuine gemstones increase the value of any jewelry item that contains them. jewlr offers a wide variety of genuine gemstones for a very reasonable price. precious gemstones such as diamonds, sapphires, emeralds and rubies are offered as an additional charge. why should you include genuine gemstones in your jewelry ? there are numerous benefits of including genuine stones to any jewelry item. genuine stones add an exceptional intrinsic worth and natural beauty to all jewelry.	genuine gemstones are rarer and much more valuable than simulated gemstones and this value stays with the jewelry item forever.no two genuine gemstones are identical and all have a unique story to them. the true beauty of gemstones can be fully enjoyed in their natural and genuine form. any gift recipient would love to know that their personalized item contains genuine stones and making it both personalized and truly one-of-a-kind. all of jewlr’s genuine gemstones are a-aa quality, in all shapes and sizes, purchased from industry leading suppliers and we continually strive to obtain the highest quality stones. jewlr offers a wide variety of genuine gemstones for very reasonable price. all of jewlr's simulated stones are swarovski zirconia and swarovski created stones which are the highest quality simulated stones in the marketplace. jewlr's diamonds are all conflict-free diamonds and come from reputable industry suppliers. jewlr designs are set with diamonds that are g-i in colors and at least i1 in clarity. we also offer a wide range of center diamonds that can be purchased by speaking with one of our diamond experts over the phone. all larger center stone diamonds are accompanied by a laboratory report from a reputable third-party. why aren't my birthstones offered for a particular item? unfortunately we are not able to offer birthstones in all stone shapes and size, so that is why you may not see your birthstone as an option for a particular ring. what is swarovkski zirconia? our prism collection is made with swarovski zirconia. stones made with zirconia, sometimes referred to as cubic zirconia, are flawless competitors to diamonds. the swarovski zirconia stones used in our jewelry are cut using the swarovski pure brilliance cut which offers the same brightness (brilliance) as the highest brilliance cut tolkowsky diamond. you can choose from 11 different colors to create a totally unique design. is swarovski zirconia the same as swarovski crystal? no, swarovski zirconia is made from zirconia which has many properties that are similar to a diamond and in many cases is visually indistinguishable from a diamond. what quality of diamonds are offered with your jewelry? the diamonds we use vary depending on the style and design of the item. the diamonds we offer are vs2-i2 in clarity and g-i in color. if you have specific questions regarding our diamonds, please call us to speak with one of our diamond experts. metals what is sterling silver? only a silver item that contains 92.5% silver can be referred to as, or stamped sterling silver. the remaining 7.5% is an alloy, usually copper, to increase the hardness. the stamp can appear as 925, .925 or 92.5, as opposed to a karat stamp. although this is the standard for the united states other countries may have lower grades. what is the difference between 10k & 14k gold? the term "karat" designates the amount of gold found in a piece of jewelry: 24 karats is pure gold but since pure gold is too soft to produce jewelry it is generally mixed with other metals to produce a harder, more workable alloy. while 14 karats (14k) indicates that 14 parts out of 24 are gold, the other parts being made up of the other metals, 10 karats (10k) indicates that 10 parts out of 24 are gold. coolr silicone rubber jewelry what is unique about the coolr rings? based on an popular european trend, the coolr rings consist of a changeable silicone rubber band that is available in multiple colors. each ring ships with 3 bands. choose a different color for each band. the remainder of the ring is made from your choice of precious metal (silver or gold). how do i change the band of a coolr ring? its simple. each band is a tube that inserts over two prongs that are part of the metal structure of the ring. for more information see the coolr information page jewelry what is family jewelry? family jewelry can be a ring, necklace or bracelet, for a grandmother, mother, or daughter that is set with the birthstone of each family member. some family jewelry is engraved with each family member's name or just the family's surname for that added personal touch. all family jewelry products carry a theme surrounding families. what is a mothers ring? a mother's ring is a symbolic ring that represents a mother's love for her child or children. it is customary to include the parents birthstones on a mother's ring, but having just the child's or children's birthstones is also common. often, these items are further personalized with custom engravings of children's names or the family surname. what is a grandmothers ring? this special ring features the gemstones of the grandparent's children and her children's child or children. alternatively, it can feature just the grandchild or grandchildren's birthstones. styles range from 5 to 12 gemstones. what is a daughter's ring? a daughter's ring typically has 3 gemstones, but not always, with a predominant or center birthstone representing the daughter's birth month. two smaller birthstones represent the birth month of the mother and father. what is a couples ring? a couples ring is a cherished keepsake between sweethearts; these rings have 2 stones representing the birth months of the couple and often include personal engravings. gift cards general information what is a jewlr gift card? the jewlr gift card is an electronic gift card that can be used online at jewlr.com. it is the convenient and easy gift to give when you’re late or when you just don’t know what to give! where can i get the jewlr gift card? the jewlr gift card is available for purchase online at http://www.jewlr.com/gift_cards can i get it replaced if it’s lost or stolen? the jewlr gift card will not be replaced or refunded if lost or stolen. can i exchange my gift card for cash? the jewlr gift card will not be returnable or exchangeable for cash (except in states where required by law) can i use my coupon code to purchase an gift card? coupons and other discounts may not be used to purchase jewlr gift cards. can i use my canadian jewlr gift card in the u.s. and vice versa? jewlr gift cards must be used in the currency they are given. a $usd card must be used on the us site. does my jewlr gift card expire? the jewlr gift card does not expire. what fees are charged to my jewlr gift card? no fees are charged to your jewlr gift card. how can i protect myself from fraud when purchasing a jewlr gift card? jewlr gift cards can only be purchased from jewlr.com. we do not authorize any websites or individuals to sell the jewlr gift card on our behalf. we discourage you from purchasing jewlr gift cards from these unauthorized sources. jewlr is not responsible for any issues you experience with jewlr gift cards purchased from unauthorized sources. what happens if i don't have enough money on my jewlr gift card to pay for my purchases? the balance of your jewlr gift card can be put towards your purchase and the remainder can be paid by credit card or paypal. why is my balance different than i thought? it's possible that you've forgotten a visit or purchase. you can check your card's remaining balance online at jewlr.com or by calling 1-866-610-8482. can i redeem my card for cash? the value remaining on a jewlr gift card may not be redeemed for cash unless required by law. gift card use how do i use my jewlr gift card? to use your jewlr gift card, simply go to www.jewlr.com and personalize the item you wish to purchase. once you are finished personalizing the item, add it to cart and then go to check-out. review your purchase. if everything is as you expect, enter your gift card # in the gift card field. whatever balance remains on your gift card will be applied to your purchase. if there is a positive balance on the gift card you will be able to apply that to another purchase in the future. if there are insufficient funds on the gift card for the purchase, then the amount on the gift card will be applied to the purchase and you can submit the balance using any one of our other payment methods. each time you use the jewlr gift card, the amount of your purchase will be deducted from the balance remaining. how can i check the balance on my jewlr gift card? the balance on your jewlr gift card can be checked anytime online or by calling 1-866-610-8482. no purchase is necessary to check your balance. can i use multiple gift cards to make one purchase? yes, you can use multiple gift cards in one purchase. in the order summary of the secure checkout you will be able to enter each card one at a time until the cart is at a zero balance or until you have no more money on your gift card. then you can use a credit card or paypal to complete payment on any balance. what happens if the recipient didn't receive their gift card in their inbox? the recipient will receive the email based on the delivery option you selected and you will receive a confirmation email of your order. if the recipient has a filter on their e-mail, please add jewlr.com to the recipients white list or have the recipient check their filtered email. personalized jewelry every item at jewlr can be personalized. create your own one of a kind piece by selecting the metal, stones and engravings. subscribe to our newsletter: subscribe company about us why choose jewlr privacy policy press buy it for free program testimonials terms and conditions jewelry faq swarovski gems™ charm info packaging my story jewlr gift cards risk-free shopping ring sizing 99 day return policy one year warranty free shipping free gift jewelry certificate international orders shipping information contact us follow us follow jewlr follow @jewlr instagram google+ usd cad copyright © 2013 jewlr. all rights reserved. × top