来源URL: https://web.archive.org/web/20151211071517/https://www.jewlr.com/info/why_choose_jewlr
================================================================================

jewlr 755k + / free shipping / 99 day returns 1-866-610-8482 my account wishlist 1-866-610-8482 rings all rings caged mother's promise couples men's family birthstone men's promise bridal engagement wedding bands bands for him anniversary rings styles infinity caged halo celtic star karma coolr cocktail pendants all pendants mother's promise caged family tree name necklaces monogram necklaces birthstone styles infinity caged heart crosses layered key jewelry charms all engraved mother's graduation cage bracelets all infinity heart earrings all studs collections collections new items best sellers trending styles pearl jewelry name jewelry graduation infinity jewelry swarovski statement caged jewelry celtic and claddagh jewelry heart jewelry crosses and religious star jewelry symbols jewelry yoga collection mala collection need it fast? quick ship gifts gifts for mom for girlfriend for daughter for him for graduation for bridesmaids jewlr gift cards to ensure our customers have the best virtual shopping experience possible, jewlr.com uses javascript. please enable javascript on your browser to continue shopping. for further information or assistance, please call 1-866-610-8482 or email customerservice@jewlr.com. about us why choose jewlr faq return policy shipping information free gift ring sizing warranty information packaging jewelry certificate testimonials press international orders contact us for love, life and celebrations jewelry that shows how you feel have you ever created your own personalized jewelry? it makes giving so much more real when you actually chose every part of the piece you’re giving to that special someone. then you can say that it truly came from the heart. we know that you’re not buying just a piece of jewelry – you’re trying to put how you feel into something that goes beyond words. that’s why you need something completely unique. something that no one else has ever received. a one in a million gift. with a personalized piece, you will combine stones, metal and engravings of any color and style you desire. choose birthstones to represent loved ones, or pick their favorite stone. decide on a style and metal to match their taste and your budget. preserve memorable dates, precious names or special messages. nothing says it like personalized jewelry. and there is no place better than jewlr to get it made, for these 5 simple reasons: online personalization is now incredibly easy anyone can create customized jewelry with jewlr, because our website is the best of its kind – even if we do say so ourselves. we’ve taken 3d technology from the movie industry to show you exactly what your design is going to look like even before it’s made. you can choose any font and see it instantly engraved on a ring, for example. just click and select your stones. choose the metal and see how it looks. simply follow the step-by-step instructions and see the jewelry take shape. even if you never end up buying it, it’s still great fun to do. outstanding handcrafted quality buying online doesn’t mean buying cheap. all our items are handmade by professional craftsmen in the usa and canada. you decide on the materials. splurge on gold and diamonds or create an affordable silver ring with brilliant simulated diamonds made from swarovski cubic zirconia. depending on your choice of metals, stones and engravings the same style can cost a few hundred or a few thousand dollars. fast creation, fast free shipping and gift-ready packaging once you’ve finished your design, our jewelers will get to work. they will ship in as little as 3 days and we offer free fast shipping to us, canada, uk and australia. optional overnight shipping is available at a low cost when your order arrives it’s ready for giving. it will be in an elegant box with a certificate of authenticity, a free gift and your personal message. it’s cheaper to buy directly from us how can we sell at such a low price? because we only sell online and don’t have the overheads of expensive retail stores. we’ve also cut out the middle man and pass on the savings to you. what’s more, we are a bulk buyer of raw materials so get a lower price than a local artisan, while still producing handcrafted designs. all this means that you can buy custom made items for less than the price of mass-market jewelry produced in asia. now that’s win win. security, service and satisfaction guarantees jewelry and customer service are our twin passions. we take pride in every piece we produce and want you and your loved ones to be as happy with it as we are. every item is hand made and inspected multiple times during the manufacturing process. we also provide a 1 year warranty on all items and you can return any item – even engraved ones – within 99 days for a full refund of the purchase price. we’ll even provide one free resizing of any ring (north america only). service is our pleasure. you can contact us by phone, email or live chat at any time. we are one of the biggest online jewelry retailers, shipping tens of thousands of items every year. let our customers speak for themselves: see our 5 star reviews at resellerratings, how we were voted most innovative retailer in canada and how our customers regularly tell us how much they appreciate what we’ve done. not to mention countless features in newspapers and magazines, including oprah magazine and parenting. security is assured when you order with us. we are members of the bbb, jewelry industry associations and our online security is regularly audited by industry watchdogs verisign, trustwave and authorize.net. we never store your credit card number and offer full guarantees for every order. free gift as part of a special new promotion, we’re giving away a free gift with every order – no strings attached. this gift is our way of saying thank you for shopping with jewlr. all gifts are subject to availability. why choose jewlr + have you ever created your own personalized jewelry? it makes giving so much more real when you actually chose every part of the piece you’re giving to that special someone. then you can say that it truly came from the heart. we know that you’re not buying just a piece of jewelry – you’re trying to put how you feel into something that goes beyond words. that’s why you need something completely unique. something that no one else has ever received. a one in a million gift. with a personalized piece, you will combine stones, metal and engravings of any color and style you desire. choose birthstones to represent loved ones, or pick their favorite stone. decide on a style and metal to match their taste and your budget. preserve memorable dates, precious names or special messages. about us + jewelry has been an integral part of fashion, life and love since before the middle ages. in today's modern society, the internet has changed the way we live our lives. whether it is the way we communicate at work, keep in touch with friends and family, or how we shop for goods and services, the online experience has enriched our lives. in 2009 a team of internet entrepreneurs decided that it was time to take the jewelry shopping experience to the next level by using the latest advancements in manufacturing and web technology to create a totally new way of buying and creating jewelry. our goal was to create an extraordinary online experience that gave shoppers the unique ability to create and visualize, in real time, rings, pendants, charms, and earrings, personalized to their exact requirements. every style would be available in multiple metals, and every stone could be chosen from a wide selection of diamonds, birthstones, gemstones and swarovksi zirconia. additionally, we would use laser engraving techniques to engrave names, messages, dates and other sentimental expressions to every item, to complete the personalized experience. finally, the custom items would be manufactured in north america, in just a few days, and shipped directly to customers. we recognized that to succeed we had to create unique designs, offer items that were value priced, have a no hassle return policy and we had to provide superb personalized customer support. since our humble beginnings we have grown to be one of the largest online jewelers. we have tens of thousands of happy customers and we have delivered on our goal to provide an exceptional jewelry shopping experience. every jewlr item is packaged in our signature jewlr box and packaging. we offer fast free shipping to our customers in north america, uk and australia and a no risk, no stress policy that allows returns up to 99 days after shipping. every item comes with a stunning free gift as a small token of our appreciation. company + privacy policy press buy it for free program testimonials terms and conditions contact us learn + faq swarovski gemstones™ charm info packaging jewlr gift cards my story the jahnavi mala project risk-free + shipping information ring sizing 99 day return policy one year warranty free gift jewelry certificate international orders follow us + facebook twitter pinterest instagram google+ blog sign up for our newsletter + become a jewlr vip member to receive 10% off your first order and other exclusive offers. > become a vip become a jewlr vip member to receive 10% off your first order and other exclusive offers. make me a vip > read our customer reviews "my ring is beautiful! absolutely love it! would order again and would definitely recommend it to someone else!" michelle o change country us ca uk au customer care call us between 9am to 5:30pm eastern time at 1-866-610-8482. or email us any time at customerservice@jewlr.com follow us facebook twitter pinterest instagram google+ company about us why choose jewlr privacy policy press buy it for free program testimonials terms and conditions contact us learn faq swarovski gemstones™ charm info packaging jewlr gift cards my story the jahnavi mala project risk-free shipping information ring sizing 99 day return policy one year warranty free gift jewelry certificate international orders follow us facebook twitter pinterest instagram google+ blog copyright © 2015 jewlr. all rights reserved. × top ` rings all rings caged mother's promise couples men's family birthstone men's promise engagement wedding bands bands for him anniversary rings infinity caged halo celtic star karma coolr cocktail pendants all pendants mother's promise caged family tree name necklaces monogram necklaces birthstone infinity caged heart crosses layered key jewelry charms bracelets earrings collections new items best sellers trending styles pearl jewelry name jewelry graduation collection infinity jewelry swarovski statement jewelry caged jewelry celtic and claddagh jewelry heart jewelry crosses and religious star jewelry symbols jewelry yoga collection mala collection quick ship collection gifts for mom for girlfriend for daughter for him for graduation for bridesmaids jewlr gift cards my account usa canada united kingdom australia