来源URL: https://web.archive.org/web/20151211071517/https://www.jewlr.com/info/customer_testimonials
================================================================================

we value your opinion | jewlr 881k + / free shipping / 99 day returns easter sale 10% off site wide 1-866-610-8482 my account wishlist rings all rings caged mother's promise couples men's family birthstone men's promise bridal engagement two stone engagement wedding bands bands for him anniversary rings styles infinity caged halo celtic star karma stackable cocktail pendants all pendants mother's promise caged family tree name necklaces monogram necklaces birthstone styles infinity caged heart crosses layered key jewelry charms all engraved mother's graduation cage bracelets all infinity heart earrings all studs collections collections caged jewelry infinity jewelry trending styles pearl jewelry name jewelry graduation statement jewelry infinite expressions celtic and claddagh jewelry heart jewelry crosses and religious star jewelry symbols jewelry yoga collection mala collection coolr collection new items best sellers quick ship gifts gifts for mom for girlfriend for daughter for him for graduation for bridesmaids jewlr gift cards to ensure our customers have the best virtual shopping experience possible, jewlr.com uses javascript. please enable javascript on your browser to continue shopping. for further information or assistance, please call 1-866-610-8482 or email customerservice@jewlr.com. about us why choose jewlr faq return policy shipping information free gift ring sizing warranty information packaging jewelry certificate press international orders contact us we value your opinion jewlr always welcomes customer feedback. please let us know how you feel about our service and products by emailing us at customerservice@jewlr.com. read what people are saying "i created a custom personalized ring online. it was really easy and i liked how the picture of my jewelry changed with every small detail i changed. every day i get compliments from friends and colleagues who see it and i tell them i designed it at your website. thanks for allowing me to get creative!" – brenda, new york "this makes a great gift for your girlfriend. amazing prices and quick delivery. can’t go wrong!" – dwayne, ny “crazy low prices, free shipping, quality jewelry. should you buy form here….yess!" – stacey, maryland "i ordered a ring (heart name ring) from your website to give to my mother for her birthday. she is 76 years old and has 4 grandchildren. i personalized the ring by putting each grandchild’s birthstone on the ring and engraved their names on it. you wouldn’t believe how happy it made her! she was in tears and loved it. thanks for allowing me to give her this gift." – faith, new hampshire "unbeatable in terms of price for the quality you get. guys, i have done my research, jewlr.com is the place to shop for your girlfriend/wife because the product is great and the prices are …. well you see how low they are." – carlos, new york show more testimonials "i have got my ring ... this ring is beautiful master piece ... i am very happy and my girlfriend will be very happy as well ... i want to say big thank you very much for this beautiful work and i wish you all the best in your business and lot of happy customers ... thank you very much" - louis, united kingdom "my wife absolutely loves the ring i ordered from you. she loves that i took the time to personalize it for her. thanks for helping me make the ordering process so easy and that i was able to see what i was ordering before i bought it. will tell my friends." – doug, massachusetts "i ordered a ring (heart name ring) from your website to give to my mother for her birthday. she is 76 years old and has 4 grandchildren. i personalized the ring by putting each grandchild’s birthstone on the ring and engraved their names on it. you wouldn’t believe how happy it made her! she was in tears and loved it. thanks for allowing me to give her this gift." – faith, new hampshire "i like how the picture on your site is exactly how the product looks. this is my second time buying from you and i wanted to show my appreciation for your great prices and great jewelry." – margaret, illinois "i would like to send you what i call a happy customer story. i was ordering a ring for my wife and needed some advice on what to buy. i called in to ask for some suggestions and i was given some great advice. its so nice to buy from a company that actually cares about their customers" – randall, washington "i really liked my ring i bought from your site. even the packaging was perfect – unlike going to those warehouse jewelry shows or those cruddy jewelry stores in the mall. those places are way overpriced for what you get. i am glad i found your site because you are very helpful and have great prices! thanks." – pearleane, new york "our beautiful pieces arrived yesterday, and we couldn’t be more thrilled! they are so unique because we personalized them just how we wanted them! thank you so much for your help with these!" - tina & tim, colorado "i want to thank your customer service for helping me out of a jam. i ordered a ring for my girlfriend for our anniversary. i was a little late on making a decision and wanted to make sure it got to me before our anniversary. i called your number and spoke with someone who made sure it was a priority and followed up with me that same day. i got the ring a day before our anniversary and my girlfriend was thrilled." – anonymous, texas "unbeatable in terms of price for the quality you get. guys, i have done my research, jewlr.com is the place to shop for your girlfriend/wife because the product is great and the prices are …. well you see how low they are." – carlos, new york "i love the promise ring my boyfriend bought me from your website. i think its so great how both of our names are on it and both of our birthstones. thanks so much! god bless" – amber, connecticut "guys, this makes a great gift for your girl. amazing prices and quick delivery. can’t go wrong!" – dwayne, ny "i bought a ring from your company almost a year ago. i was doing some gardening and accidently knocked out one of the gems. woops! anyways, i called your customer service and my ring was repaired for free. i wanted to say thanks again and i will definitely buy from you again." – christina s, california "package arrived one day before delivery date. always nice. i also liked how i could track it online because it was sent fedex." - nick, british columbia "all my friends at work wanted to know where i got my necklace from so i told them your site and sent them the referral link. 3 of them bought and i actually made money from them shopping with you! i wasn’t sure if it actually would work but it did! thanks!" – denise, california "great diamond studs! i bought my wife diamond stud earrings and they are truly stunning on her. the diamonds are great quality (my brother used to be in the jewelry business) and the price was unbeatable. i recommend this company to anyone looking for a great deal online for jewelry" – mitch, nebraska "i visited your website because my wife loves birthstones and i wanted to get her some jewelry with children’s birthstones on it. we have 5 kids and i couldn’t believe how easy it was to customize a ring with each of my kids birthstones on it. it was real nice to be able to see the ring before i bought it with a nice big picture on my screen. y’all exceeded my expectations with that one. i’ll be coming back for christmas shopping no doubt! can’t thank y’all enough!" – jed, tennessee "i took the diamond ring i ordered from your website to a jeweller in town (he mainly sells diamonds) and got the diamond appraised. he told me that the diamond was great quality and wanted to know where i bought it from. so i told him your website and walked out a happy girl :) " – linda, pennsylvania great shopping experience. quick and easy. delivered earlier than expected. definitely a ‘gem’ of the internet." – frank, ohio "the ring looked even better in person than on the website! trust me, that is not always the case!" – becky, texas i don’t know why you even have a return policy because i would never return my bracelet. it is beautiful and by far the best prices i’ve seen online. – renee, arkansas. "i love that my wife’s ring came in a nice box and it looked very classy. she would never believe that i ordered it online only 7 days ago! i would definitely recommend your company to my friends and family" – fred, new brunswick my boyfriend and i made the decision to get each other rings for our anniversary. we found some beautiful rings on your site and personalized them with our anniversary date on them! now we can cherish them forever. – alexis, ontario "i love my pendent i bought from your website. it is extremely unique and all my friends have been commenting on it! i also love that i was able to call in to ask a question and i was helped right away!" – carol, alberta "hello, i wanted to give you feedback on my item. i just received my necklace and i love it. i want to let you know that i am extremely pleased with my purchase and enjoy how easy it was. now that i know you sell high quality products, i will buy again for family and friends (and probably myself as well ha ha!). i feel like i have a personal jeweller that will personalize all my jewelry!" – roseanne p. nova scotia, canada "i ordered a ring for my girlfriend and it arrived on time. the diamond is beautiful and it came in a classy jewelry box. my girlfriend is going to melt when i give her the ring tonight. i didn’t know what size ring she was and so i used your sizing chart to figure it out. go figure! thanks again." – stan, michigan "wife loved the ring! looks just like it did on your website. thanks for making your site easy to use for someone like me." – tony, florida "i recently lost my job but still wanted to get my wife something for our 10 year anniversary. your prices are so good i had difficulty choosing what to get her. thanks." – anonymous "everything went as promised. i called a few times during the order process because i had some problems with my credit card, and the support staff helped me figure out the problem and i was able to order that day. i needed the order asap so they advised me to do the express shipping. the ring came before the date that i actually needed it. thanks." – gary, wisconsin about us + jewelry has been an integral part of fashion, life and love since before the middle ages. in today's modern society, the internet has changed the way we live our lives. whether it is the way we communicate at work, keep in touch with friends and family, or how we shop for goods and services, the online experience has enriched our lives. in 2009 a team of internet entrepreneurs decided that it was time to take the jewelry shopping experience to the next level by using the latest advancements in manufacturing and web technology to create a totally new way of buying and creating jewelry. our goal was to create an extraordinary online experience that gave shoppers the unique ability to create and visualize, in real time, rings, pendants, charms, and earrings, personalized to their exact requirements. every style would be available in multiple metals, and every stone could be chosen from a wide selection of diamonds, birthstones, gemstones and swarovksi zirconia. additionally, we would use laser engraving techniques to engrave names, messages, dates and other sentimental expressions to every item, to complete the personalized experience. finally, the custom items would be manufactured in north america, in just a few days, and shipped directly to customers. we recognized that to succeed we had to create unique designs, offer items that were value priced, have a no hassle return policy and we had to provide superb personalized customer support. since our humble beginnings we have grown to be one of the largest online jewelers. we have tens of thousands of happy customers and we have delivered on our goal to provide an exceptional jewelry shopping experience. every jewlr item is packaged in our signature jewlr box and packaging. we offer fast free shipping to our customers in north america, uk and australia and a no risk, no stress policy that allows returns up to 99 days after shipping. every item comes with a stunning free gift as a small token of our appreciation. why choose jewlr + have you ever created your own personalized jewelry? it makes giving so much more real when you actually chose every part of the piece you’re giving to that special someone. then you can say that it truly came from the heart. we know that you’re not buying just a piece of jewelry – you’re trying to put how you feel into something that goes beyond words. that’s why you need something completely unique. something that no one else has ever received. a one in a million gift. with a personalized piece, you will combine stones, metal and engravings of any color and style you desire. choose birthstones to represent loved ones, or pick their favorite stone. decide on a style and metal to match their taste and your budget. preserve memorable dates, precious names or special messages. company + how jewlr works press terms and conditions privacy policy learn + faq how it's made swarovski gemstones™ charm info packaging jewlr gift cards the jahnavi mala project ordering + shipping information ring sizing 99 day return policy one year warranty free gift jewelry certificate international orders contact us + email: customerservice@jewlr.com phone: 1-866-610-8482call center hours: m-f 9am to 5:30pm (us/canadian eastern standard time) facebook twitter pinterest instagram google+ blog sign up for our newsletter + become a jewlr vip member to receive 10% off your first order and other exclusive offers. become a vip become a jewlr vip member to receive 10% off your first order and other exclusive offers. read our customer reviews "i love all the choices and options to customize! it made the experience fun and nice to be able to get a custom personalized piece of jewelry at a reasonable cost!" c.j. change country us ca uk au customer care 1-866-610-8482 monday to friday9am to 5:30pm eastern time or email us any time at customerservice@jewlr.com follow us facebook twitter pinterest instagram google+ company about us why choose jewlr how jewlr works press terms and conditions privacy policy contact us learn faq how it's made swarovski gemstones™ charm info packaging jewlr gift cards the jahnavi mala project ordering ring sizing shipping information 99 day return policy one year warranty free gift jewelry certificate international orders follow us facebook twitter pinterest instagram google+ blog copyright © 2015 jewlr. all rights reserved. × top need to give a gift today? a personalized jewelry certificate we have a solution! order today and instantly receive a link to a personalized jewelry certificate. simply print it and present to your loved one. your custom made personalized item will arrive shortly thereafter. order today and instantly receive a link to a personalized jewelry certificate. simply print it and present to your loved one. your custom made personalized item will arrive shortly thereafter. learn more about our jewelry certificate continue shopping ` rings all rings caged mother's promise couples men's family birthstone men's promise engagement two stone engagement wedding bands bands for him anniversary rings infinity caged halo celtic star karma stackable coolr cocktail pendants all pendants mother's promise caged family tree name necklaces monogram necklaces birthstone infinity caged heart crosses layered key jewelry charms bracelets earrings collections new items best sellers trending styles pearl jewelry name jewelry graduation collection infinity jewelry statement jewelry infinite expressions caged jewelry celtic and claddagh jewelry heart jewelry crosses and religious star jewelry symbols jewelry yoga collection mala collection gifts for mom for girlfriend for daughter for him for graduation for bridesmaids jewlr gift cards my account usa canada united kingdom australia