来源URL: https://web.archive.org/web/20161206042041/https://www.jewlr.com/info/customer_testimonials
================================================================================

customer reviews | jewlr 915k + 1-866-610-8482 promise rings - up to 50% off free shipping 99-day returns free gift free resizing 0 0 rings collection cage mother's promise couples men's family birthstone men's promise style infinity cage halo celtic knot star karma stackable cocktail bridal engagement two stone engagement bands for her bands for him matching bands bridal sets anniversary rings explore all rings pendants collection mother's promise cage family tree name necklaces monogram necklaces birthstone style infinity cage heart crosses layered key explore all pendants jewelry charms all engraved mother's graduation cage bracelets all infinity heart earrings all studs collections collections bridal collection cage jewelry infinity jewelry spring collection trending styles pearl jewelry name jewelry graduation statement jewelry celtic and claddagh jewelry heart jewelry crosses and religious star jewelry symbols jewelry yoga collection mala collection coolr collection infinite expressions new items best sellers quick ship push presents gifts gifts for mom for girlfriend for daughter for him for graduation for bridesmaids push presents jewlr gift cards promise rings account my account my cart my wish list my orders sign in sign out (0) my cart (0) to ensure our customers have the best virtual shopping experience possible, jewlr.com uses javascript. please enable javascript on your browser to continue shopping. for further information or assistance, please call 1-866-610-8482 or email customerservice@jewlr.com. customer reviews don't just take our word for it... here's what our customers have to say about us! my ring was just as beautiful as the woman i gave it to! - kristen t. this is the second time i've made a purchase from jewlr and i absolutely love it! i will always continue to come back here for any other meaningful gifts i need in my future! fantastic service! -mackenzie k. the experience was simple and went smoothly! what a great way to shop. simple and easy for me to get gifts. will most certainly be coming back and shopping again! -james f. very easy and quick. very helpful having the item show on the screen as you design your order. allows customers to preview their design immediately. -bill b. great choices at very affordable prices. love it!! -kenny m. great website! i loved that i could customize the jewelry; it gave the jewelry a more sentimental meaning. the shipping was really fast and the box the jewelry came in was beautiful! thank you! -jessica b. so many beautiful choices... and at fair prices! you can find or build anything for any person's budget and taste! - anthony c. this is the second time i've made a purchase from jewlr and i absolutely love it! i will always continue to come back here for any other meaningful gifts i need in my future! fantastic service! -mackenzie k. excellent online shopping experience with easy-to-follow customization options. product arrived well within delivery period and nicely packed and presented, and it is beautifully made. many, many thanks. -tim s. the personalization options helped me fall in love with the ring i chose. i am even more excited to propose now that the ring is a true reflection of our relationship! -david p. just wanted to take the time and thank you again for the beautiful ring. i am not one for wearing jewelry but cannot take this off. ladies have stopped me and ask about the ring and i can't stop sharing with them. love the ring and you guys for making such a beautiful piece, the stones inside are like little treasures! -janet v. we have over 10,000 reviews! read more 915,662 people like us on facebook my mother in law loved her necklace. she totally teared up and that broke my heart. it was perfect for her. i chose the tree design and it fit all 6 of us in it. my husband and his brother, me and my 3 children. perfect timeless gift for such an amazing person in my life and the free gift was adorable too. good job jewlr!! - kelli h. i just wanted to say that jewlr is awesome. my husband bought me a mother's ring for mother's day last year and i love it! i somehow got a scratch in it two weeks after getting it and they were so awesome about fixing it for me free of charge! they even did a resize for me for free. they had amazing customer service all through out the whole process. i recommend them to everyone! - bekki o. amazing product and customer service. i ordered a sterling silver diadem infinity women's ring as a gift for my partner. the check out process was smooth and the product arrived sooner than i anticipated. i really appreciated that they relayed all the necessary information to me via email and facebook message. any question that i had was promptly responded to. i returned the ring to be resized and the process has been seamless. i am incredibly impressed by their prioritization of customer satisfaction and outreach. i highly recommend this company. - n.m. april 31, 2016 3,000+ reviews read more stay connected facebook twitter instagram pinterest google+ our blog become a vip sign up for the jewlr newsletter to receive 10% off your first order and other exclusive offers get vip treatment customer reviews "i love all the choices and options to customize! it made the experience fun and nice to be able to get a custom personalized piece of jewelry at a reasonable cost!" - c.j. read more about us jewelry has been an integral part of fashion, life and love since before the middle ages. in today's modern society, the internet has changed the way we live our lives. whether it is the way we communicate at work, keep in touch with friends and family, or how we shop for goods and services, the online experience has enriched our lives. in 2009 a team of internet entrepreneurs decided that it was time to take the jewelry shopping experience to the next level by using the latest advancements in manufacturing and web technology to create a totally new way of buying and creating jewelry. our goal was to create an extraordinary online experience that gave shoppers the unique ability to create and visualize, in real time, rings, pendants, charms, and earrings, personalized to their exact requirements. every style would be available in multiple metals, and every stone could be chosen from a wide selection of diamonds, birthstones, gemstones and swarovksi zirconia. additionally, we would use laser engraving techniques to engrave names, messages, dates and other sentimental expressions to every item, to complete the personalized experience. finally, the custom items would be manufactured in north america, in just a few days, and shipped directly to customers. we recognized that to succeed we had to create unique designs, offer items that were value priced, have a no hassle return policy and we had to provide superb personalized customer support. since our humble beginnings we have grown to be one of the largest online jewelers. we have tens of thousands of happy customers and we have delivered on our goal to provide an exceptional jewelry shopping experience. every jewlr item is packaged in our signature jewlr box and packaging. we offer fast free shipping to our customers in north america, uk and australia and a no risk, no stress policy that allows returns up to 99 days after shipping. every item comes with a stunning free gift as a small token of our appreciation. why choose jewlr have you ever created your own personalized jewelry? it makes giving so much more real when you actually chose every part of the piece you’re giving to that special someone. then you can say that it truly came from the heart. we know that you’re not buying just a piece of jewelry – you’re trying to put how you feel into something that goes beyond words. that’s why you need something completely unique. something that no one else has ever received. a one in a million gift. with a personalized piece, you will combine stones, metal and engravings of any color and style you desire. choose birthstones to represent loved ones, or pick their favorite stone. decide on a style and metal to match their taste and your budget. preserve memorable dates, precious names or special messages. company customer reviews how jewlr works press terms and conditions privacy policy learn faq how it's made swarovski gemstones™ charm info packaging jewlr gift cards the jahnavi mala project ordering shipping information ring sizing 99-day return policy one year warranty free gift jewelry certificate international orders contact us email: customerservice@jewlr.com phone: 1-866-610-8482call center hours: m-f 9am to 5:30pm (us/canadian eastern standard time) facebook twitter pinterest instagram google+ blog change country usa canada united kingdom australia change country us ca uk au customer care 1-866-610-8482 monday to friday9am to 5:30pm eastern time or email us any time at customerservice@jewlr.com follow us facebook twitter pinterest instagram google+ company about us why choose jewlr customer reviews how jewlr works press terms and conditions privacy policy contact us learn faq how it's made swarovski gemstones™ charm info packaging jewlr gift cards the jahnavi mala project ordering ring sizing shipping information 99-day return policy one year warranty free gift jewelry certificate international orders follow us facebook twitter pinterest instagram google+ blog copyright © 2016 jewlr. all rights reserved. top order today! order today and get guaranteed mother's day delivery with free shipping! if necessary, we will upgrade your shipment for free to ensure delivery by mother's day need it by mother's day? order today & instantly receive a jewelry certificate to present on mother's day. your personalized gift will arrive just a few days later. learn more continue shopping need to give a gift today? a personalized jewelry certificate we have a solution! order today and instantly receive a link to a personalized jewelry certificate. simply print it and present to your loved one. your custom made personalized item will arrive shortly thereafter. order today and instantly receive a link to a personalized jewelry certificate. simply print it and present to your loved one. your custom made personalized item will arrive shortly thereafter. learn more about our jewelry certificate continue shopping close send a hint! ... home my wish list my cart my orders sign in sign out promise rings - up to 50% off! rings back rings categories all rings cage mother's promise couples men's family birthstone men's promise bridal engagement two stone engagement bridal sets bands for her bands for him matching bands anniversary rings styles infinity cage halo celtic knot star karma stackable cocktail pendants back pendants categories all pendants mother's promise cage family tree name necklaces monogram birthstone styles infinity cage heart crosses layered key jewelry back jewelry charms all charms engraved mother's graduation cage bracelets all bracelets inifinity heart earrings all earrings studs bridal collection collections back collections bridal collection cage jewelry infinity jewelry spring collection trending styles pearl jewelry name jewelry graduation statement jewelry infinite celtic and claddagh jewelry heart jewelry crosses and religious star jewelry symbols jewelry yoga collection mala collection coolr collection push presents gifts back gifts for mom for girlfriend for daughter for him for graduation for bridesmaids push presents jewlr gift cards company about us how jewlr works press terms and conditions privacy policy learn faq how it's made swarovsksi gemstones charm info packaging jewlr gift cards the jahnavi project ordering ring size shipping information 99-day return policy one year warranty free gift jewelry certificate international orders contact us email call monday to friday9am to 5:30pm eastern time continue with facebook and get 20% off your next purchase! create and share your personalized designs. access your cart and share your wish list from any of your devices. (don’t worry! we’ll only share if you tell us to.) no thanks congratulations, you've just saved 20%! thank you for continuing with facebook.all prices have been adjusted to reflect your exclusive facebook promo rate.* (don’t forget, this offer is valid for one week only.) got it! * get 20% off the regular base price of all items on your next order sign in sign in to your account to check on your order status. we will never post without your permission! or remember me sign in forgot your password? please note that you do not need to create an account in order to purchase from jewlr. an account will automatically be created for you once you place an order. the account details, including username and password, will be sent to you along with your order confirmation.