来源URL: https://web.archive.org/web/20171204144521/https://www.jewlr.com/info/about_us
================================================================================

about us | jewlr fourth of july sale - up to 50% off ► free shipping 99-day returns free gift free resizing 1.2m + 1-866-610-8482 account my account my cart my wish list my orders sign in sign out (0) my cart (0) rings collection mother's promise for her promise for him couples cage birthstone mens family celtic & claddagh reversible flip rings style cage infinity claddagh celtic knot heart stackable halo cocktail explore all bridal collection bridal collection engagement two stone engagement bridal sets wedding bands for her wedding bands for him bridesmaids anniversary explore all pendants collection mother's cage name necklaces monogram necklaces reversible flip pendants zodiac pendants family tree birthstone promise men's necklaces style heart infinity crosses key disc photo explore all name necklaces name necklaces name monogram bar initial explore all mens collection all rings promise rings wedding bands tungsten rings celtic & claddagh rings cufflinks cufflink collections star wars star trek dc comics marvel disney nfl mlb nba ncaa nhl necklaces all dog tags crosses engravable jewelry bracelets all infinity heart charm earrings all studs disc charms all animals mother's flowers sports music cage graduation engraved collections collections bridal cage name monogram celtic & claddagh heart infinity push presents statement reversible flip rings princess leaves of love religious birthstone mala star yoga pearl new items best sellers quick ship pineapple unicorn mermaid modern romance gifts for her girlfriend promise rings princess cut heart push presents for family mom daughter grandmother mother daughter sisters couples family rings family tree pendants birthstone collection occasion engagement wedding bands bridesmaids anniversary push presents graduation religious jewlr gift cards what's new sale to ensure our customers have the best virtual shopping experience possible, jewlr.com uses javascript. please enable javascript on your browser to continue shopping. for further information or assistance, please call 1-866-610-8482 or email customerservice@jewlr.com. about us why choose jewlr frequently asked questions return policy shipping information free gift ring sizing warranty information packaging jewelry certificate press international orders contact us about us jewlr at a glance jewelry has been an integral part of fashion, life and love since before the middle ages. in today's modern society, the internet has changed the way we live our lives. whether it is the way we communicate at work, keep in touch with friends and family, or how we shop for goods and services, the online experience has enriched our lives. in 2009 a team of internet entrepreneurs decided that it was time to take the jewelry shopping experience to the next level by using the latest advancements in manufacturing and web technology to create a totally new way of buying and creating jewelry. our goal was to create an extraordinary online experience that gave shoppers the unique ability to create and visualize, in real time, rings, pendants, charms and earrings, personalized and customized to their exact requirements. every style would be available in multiple metals, and every stone could be chosen from a wide selection of diamonds, birthstones, gemstones and swarovksi zirconia. additionally, we would use laser engraving techniques to engrave names, messages, dates and other sentimental expressions to every item, to complete the personalized experience. finally, the custom items would be manufactured in north america, in just a few days, and shipped directly to customers throughout the world. we recognized that to succeed we had to create unique designs, offer items that were value priced, have a no hassle return policy and we had to provide superb personalized customer support. since our humble beginnings we have grown to be one of the largest online jewelers. we have tens of thousands of happy customers and we have delivered on our goal to provide an exceptional jewelry shopping experience. every jewlr item is packaged in our signature jewlr box and packaging. we offer fast free shipping to our customers in north america, europe, uk, australia and new zealand and a no risk, no stress policy that allows returns up to 99 days after shipping. every item comes with a stunning free gift as a small token of our appreciation. video: learn about our innovative technology for manufacturing. video: see our tips and tools for personalization. video: here is what's included with your purchase. why choose jewlr we believe that to succeed as a leading online jewelry store, we have to give our customers what they are looking for: great value on quality items great customer service great product variety and choice easy risk-free shopping experience, fast and free shipping we are able to deliver on these desirables by creating a unique store built on the latest technology and innovative manufacturing. we can guarantee that our prices are the lowest because we do not have the overhead of a brick and mortar retail store. our innovative order management process ensures that we do not have to warehouse or hold costly inventory. our customer service department uses advanced messaging and live communication tools to ensure that we are able to respond to our customers as soon as practical. included with every order free shipping to almost all locations in the usa, canada, europe, united kingdom and australia free resizing on almost all of our rings free gift of your choice certificate of authenticity packaged for gifting jewlr ring box jewelry care tips what our customers are saying every minute of the day our customers are creating their own unique jewelry pieces that tell their special story. every customer is asked to review their experience and all reviews are public. see our customer reviews. company information headquarters toronto, ontario, canada our promise to you to meet our high standards for quality, each item is thoroughly inspected by jewelry experts before it is packaged and shipped to you. if for any reason you are not impressed with your item, we offer an easy, no-hassle, 99 day return policy on all items, including those with engravings. we also include a one year warranty on all our items. service if you need to contact us, our customer service team can be reached via live chat, email and by phone throughout your shopping experience. we are readily available to help with jewelry advice, technical support and any others questions you may have. gemstones and metals all of our jewelry is manufactured using the best quality handpicked stones. we use the latest non tarnish 925 sterling silver, genuine 10k, 14k yellow, white and rose golds. your personalized item will come packaged in an elegant jewlr jewelry box, along with a certificate of authenticity. if you are buying this item as a gift, you can enter a special gift message at the checkout that will be printed and provided in the jewlr package. become a vip sign up for the jewlr newsletter to receive exclusive offers get vip treatment customer reviews "i love all the choices and options to customize! it made the experience fun and nice to be able to get a custom personalized piece of jewelry at a reasonable cost!" - c.j. need help? about us jewelry has been an integral part of fashion, life and love since before the middle ages. in today's modern society, the internet has changed the way we live our lives. whether it is the way we communicate at work, keep in touch with friends and family, or how we shop for goods and services, the online experience has enriched our lives. in 2009 a team of internet entrepreneurs decided that it was time to take the jewelry shopping experience to the next level by using the latest advancements in manufacturing and web technology to create a totally new way of buying and creating jewelry. our goal was to create an extraordinary online experience that gave shoppers the unique ability to create and visualize, in real time, rings, pendants, charms, and earrings, personalized to their exact requirements. every style would be available in multiple metals, and every stone could be chosen from a wide selection of diamonds, birthstones, gemstones and swarovksi zirconia. additionally, we would use laser engraving techniques to engrave names, messages, dates and other sentimental expressions to every item, to complete the personalized experience. finally, the custom items would be manufactured in north america, in just a few days, and shipped directly to customers. we recognized that to succeed we had to create unique designs, offer items that were value priced, have a no hassle return policy and we had to provide superb personalized customer support. since our humble beginnings we have grown to be one of the largest online jeweler. we have tens of thousands of happy customers and we have delivered on our goal to provide an exceptional jewelry shopping experience. every jewlr item is packaged in our signature jewlr box and packaging. we offer fast free shipping to our customers in north america, europe and australia and a no risk, no stress policy that allows returns up to 99 days after shipping. every item comes with a stunning free gift as a small token of our appreciation. why choose jewlr have you ever created your own personalized jewelry? it makes giving so much more real when you actually chose every part of the piece you’re giving to that special someone. then you can say that it truly came from the heart. we know that you’re not buying just a piece of jewelry – you’re trying to put how you feel into something that goes beyond words. that’s why you need something completely unique. something that no one else has ever received. a one in a million gift. with a personalized piece, you will combine stones, metal and engravings of any color and style you desire. choose birthstones to represent loved ones, or pick their favorite stone. decide on a style and metal to match their taste and your budget. preserve memorable dates, precious names or special messages. company customer reviews how jewlr works press terms and conditions privacy policy learn faq how it's made swarovski gemstones™ charm info packaging jewlr gift cards the jahnavi mala project ordering shipping information ring sizing 99-day return policy one year warranty free gift jewelry certificate international orders contact us send us a message phone: 1-866-610-8482 call center hours: m-f 9am to 5:30pm (us/canadian eastern standard time) facebook twitter pinterest instagram google+ blog change country usa canada australia europe france germany netherlands spain united kingdom change country us ca au eu fr de nl es uk customer care 1-866-610-8482 monday to friday 9am to 5:30pm eastern time need help? company about us why choose jewlr customer reviews how jewlr works press terms and conditions privacy policy contact us learn faq how it's made swarovski gemstones™ charm info packaging jewlr gift cards the jahnavi mala project ordering ring sizing shipping information 99-day return policy one year warranty free gift jewelry certificate international orders follow us facebook twitter pinterest instagram google+ blog copyright © 2016 jewlr. all rights reserved. top order today! order today and get guaranteed mother's day delivery with free shipping! if necessary, we will upgrade your shipment for free to ensure delivery by mother's day need it by mother's day? order today & instantly receive a jewelry certificate to present on mother's day. your personalized gift will arrive just a few days later. learn more continue shopping need to give a gift today? a personalized jewelry certificate we have a solution! order today and instantly receive a link to a personalized jewelry certificate. simply print it and present to your loved one. your custom made personalized item will arrive shortly thereafter. order today and instantly receive a link to a personalized jewelry certificate. simply print it and present to your loved one. your custom made personalized item will arrive shortly thereafter. learn more about our jewelry certificate continue shopping close send a hint! home my wish list my cart my orders sign in sign out shop the sale rings back rings collection mother's promise for her promise for him couples cage birthstone mens family celtic & claddagh reversible flip rings style cage infinity claddagh celtic knot heart stackable halo cocktail bridal back bridal collection bridal collection engagement two stone engagement bridal sets wedding bands for her wedding bands for him bridesmaids anniversary pendants back pendants catergories mother's cage name necklaces monogram necklaces reversible flip pendants zodiac pendants family tree birthstone promise men's necklaces style heart infinity crosses key disc photo name necklaces back name necklaces name collection monogram collection bar initial mens back mens collection all rings promise rings wedding bands tungsten rings celtic & claddagh rings cufflinks cufflink collections star wars star trek dc comics marvel disney translation missing: en-us.title_cage2 nba mlb ncaa nhl necklaces all dog tags crosses engravable jewelry back jewelry bracelets all infinity heart charm earrings earrings studs disc charms all animals mother's flowers sports music cage graduation engraved collections back collections bridal collection cage collection name collection monogram collection celtic & claddagh collection heart collection infinity collection push presents statement collection reversible flip rings princess leaves of love religious collection birthstone collection mala collection star collection yoga collection pearl collection new items best sellers quick ship pineapple unicorn mermaid modern romance gifts back gifts for her girlfriend promise rings princess cut heart push presents for family mom cage grandmother mother daughter sisters couples family rings family tree pendants birthstone collection occasion engagement wedding bands bridesmaids anniversary push presents graduation religious jewlr gift cards what's new company about us how jewlr works press terms and conditions we care about your privacy learn frequently asked questions how it's made swarovski gemstones™ personalized charms packaging gift card recipient the jahnavi mala project ordering ordering shipping information return policy warranty information free gift jewelry certificate international orders need help? contact us email call monday to friday9am to 5:30pm eastern time continue with facebook to get the most out of jewlr.com! create and share your personalized designs. access your cart and share your wish list from any of your devices. don’t worry! we’ll only share if you tell us to. no thanks congratulations, you've just saved 20%! thank you for continuing with facebook.all prices have been adjusted to reflect your exclusive facebook promo rate.* don’t forget, this offer is valid for one week only. got it! * get 20% off the regular base price of all items on your next order sign in sign in to your account to check on your order status. we will never post without your permission! or remember me sign in forgot your password? please note that you do not need to create an account in order to purchase from jewlr. an account will automatically be created for you once you place an order. the account details, including username and password, will be sent to you along with your order confirmation.<