来源URL: https://web.archive.org/web/20171204144521/https://www.jewlr.com/info/faq
================================================================================

frequently asked questions | jewlr fourth of july sale - up to 50% off ► free shipping 99-day returns free gift free resizing 1.2m + 1-866-610-8482 account my account my cart my wish list my orders sign in sign out (0) my cart (0) rings collection mother's promise for her promise for him couples cage birthstone mens family celtic & claddagh reversible flip rings style cage infinity claddagh celtic knot heart stackable halo cocktail explore all bridal collection bridal collection engagement two stone engagement bridal sets wedding bands for her wedding bands for him bridesmaids anniversary explore all pendants collection mother's cage name necklaces monogram necklaces reversible flip pendants zodiac pendants family tree birthstone promise men's necklaces style heart infinity crosses key disc photo explore all name necklaces name necklaces name monogram bar initial explore all mens collection all rings promise rings wedding bands tungsten rings celtic & claddagh rings cufflinks cufflink collections star wars star trek dc comics marvel disney nfl mlb nba ncaa nhl necklaces all dog tags crosses engravable jewelry bracelets all infinity heart charm earrings all studs disc charms all animals mother's flowers sports music cage graduation engraved collections collections bridal cage name monogram celtic & claddagh heart infinity push presents statement reversible flip rings princess leaves of love religious birthstone mala star yoga pearl new items best sellers quick ship pineapple unicorn mermaid modern romance gifts for her girlfriend promise rings princess cut heart push presents for family mom daughter grandmother mother daughter sisters couples family rings family tree pendants birthstone collection occasion engagement wedding bands bridesmaids anniversary push presents graduation religious jewlr gift cards what's new sale to ensure our customers have the best virtual shopping experience possible, jewlr.com uses javascript. please enable javascript on your browser to continue shopping. for further information or assistance, please call 1-866-610-8482 or email customerservice@jewlr.com. about us why choose jewlr frequently asked questions return policy shipping information free gift ring sizing warranty information packaging jewelry certificate press international orders contact us frequently asked questions our customer service experts speak to hundreds of customers each week. here is a list of the most common questions. if you cannot find an answer, don't hesitate to contact us. request a resizing request a repair request a return about us who are you? what makes jewlr unique? we are a leading online retailer of personalized jewelry. every jewlr item is custom made to order in north america and shipped directly to customers in the usa, canada, europe, australia and new zealand. every item can be highly personalized by selecting your metal, gemstones, birthstones and engravings to meet your exact style. where is jewlr located? jewlr is based out of toronto, ontario, canada. all of our jewelry is proudly made to order in the united states and canada. do you have any stores i can visit? no. jewlr is strictly an online retailer. all of our jewelry is custom made to order. we do not need to carry any inventory of our jewelry, and thus we are able to offer exceptionally affordable prices for personalized jewelry. do you have a warranty on your jewelry? yes, we have a one year warranty against any manufacturing defects on all of our jewelry . the warranty becomes void if the product has been subjected to mis-use or has been altered by anyone other than jewlr. view our warranty information page for more details. does jewlr have a wish list? jewlr offers a wishlist so that you can keep track of all of those special items you want. personalize up to 8 pieces and add to your wish list. you can even save multiple customizations of the same ring in your wish list. share your wish list with your friends and family. sharing your wish list is a good way to let others know what you’re looking for – either for yourself or for that family group gift you want to give to mom! what is a wish list? jewlr’s wishlist is a convenient way to keep track of all of those special items you want, personalized the way you want. it comes in handy around birthdays and holidays and special occasions. what are your hours of operation? we are in the office monday to friday 9am to 5:30pm eastern time. our offices are closed over the weekend. can you mail a catalogue of your items to my home? you can view and customize all of our items online on our website. charms do your charms fit on a pandora bracelet? yes, all our charms are designed to fit on all pandora bracelets or similar style bracelets. what is the diameter of the inside of the charm? usually you will be able to see all item specification by clicking the "item details" tab on the customization page. all our charms come with a centre diameter of 4.6mm to fit all pandora bracelets. coupon where can i get a coupon code? by registering to our newsletter, you will receive a discount coupon code why was my coupon not applied to my order? coupons are applied in the cart and can be applied to all jewlr items except bundled items, gift wrap or premium gifts. intermediate markdowns may have been removed in order to apply the coupon to the full order. what are bundled items? bundled items are items that are optionally available to you on checkout because of the special item you are purchasing. will the code be applied to items on sale? coupons are applied to the regular price of each item after any multi-item discount is applied. if an item is on sale, the coupon will be applied to the regular price of the item. the price to you will be the lesser of the either the sale price or the retail price of the item less the coupon. what is a multi-level coupon? a multi-level discount coupon will discount your order in different increments based on the total value of your order. that is, the more you spend, the larger the discount. gemstones what are birthstones? a birthstone is a gift of a precious material and one that is cherished for a lifetime. birthstones are gemstones that are traditionally associated with the twelve birth months of the year and are available as genuine or simulated. genuine gemstones are mined directly from the earth and are much more scarce. they have taken millions of years to form deep within the earth and carry an exceptional earthly energy. no two genuine gemstones are identical making any jewelry piece truly unique! genuine gemstones are rare and more valuable than simulated gemstones. jewlr offers a wide variety of genuine gemstones for a very reasonable price. certain precious gemstones such as diamonds, sapphires, emeralds and rubies are more expensive due to their greater scarcity and value. what is the difference between simulated gemstones and genuine gemstones? simulated (sometimes called synthetic) gemstones are created in laboratories and emulate the characteristics and look of genuine gemstones. for example, cubic zirconia is a diamond simulant composed of zirconium oxide. simulated stones tend to have vivid colors to them, as impurities are not present in a lab and do not modify the clarity or color of the stone. therefore, the colors in simulated gemstones are consistent and can be easily matched with one another for a uniform look. genuine gemstones are rarer and more valuable than simulated gemstones. genuine gemstones increase the value of any jewelry item that contains them. jewlr offers a wide variety of genuine gemstones for a very reasonable price. precious gemstones such as diamonds, sapphires, emeralds and rubies are offered as an additional charge. why should you include genuine gemstones in your jewelry ? there are numerous benefits of including genuine stones to any jewelry item. genuine stones add an exceptional intrinsic worth and natural beauty to all jewelry. genuine gemstones are rarer and much more valuable than simulated gemstones and this value stays with the jewelry item forever.no two genuine gemstones are identical and all have a unique story to them. the true beauty of gemstones can be fully enjoyed in their natural and genuine form. any gift recipient would love to know that their personalized item contains genuine stones and making it both personalized and truly one-of-a-kind. all of jewlr’s genuine gemstones are a-aa quality, in all shapes and sizes, purchased from industry leading suppliers and we continually strive to obtain the highest quality stones. jewlr offers a wide variety of genuine gemstones for very reasonable price. all of jewlr's simulated stones are swarovski zirconia and swarovski created stones which are the highest quality simulated stones in the marketplace. jewlr's diamonds are all conflict-free diamonds and come from reputable industry suppliers. jewlr designs are set with diamonds that are g-i in colors and at least i1 in clarity. we also offer a wide range of center diamonds that can be purchased by speaking with one of our diamond experts over the phone. all larger center stone diamonds are accompanied by a laboratory report from a reputable third-party. why aren't my birthstones offered for a particular item? we are not able to offer birthstones in all stone shapes and sizes, so that is why you may not see your birthstone as an option for a particular ring. the stones offered by the swarovski zirconia line does not offer all the birthstone choices. what is swarovkski zirconia? swarovski zirconia stones are flawless simulated diamonds. the fine and distinctive brilliance of the swarovski zirconia stones set them apart from other zirconia. the swarovski zirconia stones used in our jewelry are cut using the swarovski pure brilliance cut which offers the same brightness (brilliance) as the highest brilliance cut tolkowsky diamond. you can choose from 11 different colors to create a totally unique design. is swarovski zirconia the same as swarovski crystal? no, swarovski zirconia is made from zirconia which has many properties that are similar to a diamond and in many cases is visually indistinguishable from a diamond. what quality of diamonds are offered with your jewelry? the diamonds we use vary depending on the style and design of the item. if you have specific questions regarding our diamonds, please call us to speak with one of our diamond experts. gift card what is a jewlr gift card? the jewlr gift card is an electronic gift card that can be used online at jewlr. it is the convenient and easy gift to give when you’re late or when you just don’t know what to give! where can i get the jewlr gift card? the jewlr gift card is available for purchase online at gift cards can i get it replaced if it’s lost or stolen? the jewlr gift card will not be replaced or refunded if lost or stolen. can i exchange my gift card for cash? the jewlr gift card will not be returnable or exchangeable for cash (except in states where required by law) can i use my coupon code to purchase an gift card? coupons and other discounts may not be used to purchase jewlr gift cards. can i use my canadian jewlr gift card in the u.s. and vice versa? jewlr gift cards must be used in the currency they are given. a $usd card must be used on the us site. does my jewlr gift card expire? the jewlr gift card does not expire. you can use it whenever you find a piece that talks to you and inspires you. when you are in our secure checkout make sure you click the "have a jewlr giftcard" link under your total and input your code there to apply the funds to your order. what fees are charged to my jewlr gift card? no fees are charged to your jewlr gift card. how can i protect myself from fraud when purchasing a jewlr gift card? jewlr gift cards can only be purchased from jewlr.com. we do not authorize any websites or individuals to sell the jewlr gift card on our behalf. we discourage you from purchasing jewlr gift cards from these unauthorized sources. jewlr is not responsible for any issues you experience with jewlr gift cards purchased from unauthorized sources. what happens if i don't have enough money on my jewlr gift card to pay for my purchases? the balance of your jewlr gift card can be put towards your purchase and the remainder can be paid by credit card or paypal. why is my balance different than i thought? it's possible that you've forgotten a visit or purchase. you can check your card's remaining balance online at jewlr.com or by calling 1-866-610-8482. can i redeem my card for cash? the value remaining on a jewlr gift card may not be redeemed for cash unless required by law. gift card use how do i use my jewlr gift card? to use your jewlr gift card, simply go to www.jewlr.com and personalize the item you wish to purchase. once you are finished personalizing the item, add it to cart and then go to check-out. review your purchase. if everything is as you expect, enter your gift card # in the gift card field. whatever balance remains on your gift card will be applied to your purchase. if there is a positive balance on the gift card you will be able to apply that to another purchase in the future. if there are insufficient funds on the gift card for the purchase, then the amount on the gift card will be applied to the purchase and you can submit the balance using any one of our other payment methods. each time you use the jewlr gift card, the amount of your purchase will be deducted from the balance remaining. how can i check the balance on my jewlr gift card? the balance on your jewlr gift card can be checked anytime online or by calling 1-866-610-8482. no purchase is necessary to check your balance. can i use multiple gift cards to make one purchase? yes, you can use multiple gift cards in one purchase. in the order summary of the secure checkout you will be able to enter each card one at a time until the cart is at a zero balance or until you have no more money on your gift card. then you can use a credit card or paypal to complete payment on any balance. what happens if the recipient didn't receive their gift card in their inbox? the recipient will receive the email based on the delivery option you selected and you will receive a confirmation email of your order. if the recipient has a filter on their email, please add jewlr.com to the recipients white list or have the recipient check their filtered email. jewelry what is family jewelry? family jewelry can be a ring, necklace or bracelet, for a grandmother, mother, or daughter that is set with the birthstone of each family member. some family jewelry is engraved with each family member's name or just the family's surname for that added personal touch. all family jewelry products carry a theme surrounding families. what is a mothers ring? a mother's ring is a symbolic ring that represents a mother's love for her child or children. it is customary to include the parents birthstones on a mother's ring, but having just the child's or children's birthstones is also common. often, these items are further personalized with custom engravings of children's names or the family surname. what is a grandmothers ring? this special ring features the gemstones of the grandparent's children and her children's child or children. alternatively, it can feature just the grandchild or grandchildren's birthstones. styles range from 5 to 12 gemstones. what is a daughter's ring? a daughter's ring typically has 3 gemstones, but not always, with a predominant or center birthstone representing the daughter's birth month. two smaller birthstones represent the birth month of the mother and father. what is a couples ring? a couples ring is a cherished keepsake between sweethearts; these rings have 2 stones representing the birth months of the couple and often include personal engravings. what is cobalt jewelry? cobalt jewelry and cobalt rings are primarily made of cobalt, but more accurately they can be called cobalt chrome rings and cobalt chrome jewelry. made of a highly durable cobalt alloy that has been used in medical implants and the dental industry for years, cobalt jewelry employs the same cobalt chrome alloy from these industries for its extreme strength and high resistance to scratching. cobalt jewelry is also quite malleable in the right craftsman's hands, and as a result can be worked into a vast array of unique styles and almost unlimited in its potential. what is the difference in font styles? we offer 4 different engraving font options: classic- this is a timeless font, easy to read and see. this font is best when you want your engraving to be very legible. modern- this is an effortless, more rounded font. the text style is soft and gentle while still being bold. italic- this font is slightly slanted and thinner in width. it is sleek and classy in appearance. cursive - it is a dainty and elegant script that, because of how fine it appears, can be a little bit more difficult to read. jewelry care what should i avoid when wearing my jewelry? the most important thing to remember is that chemicals can alter the metal in your jewelry. always remove your jewelry when doing any household cleaning or wear rubber gloves to prevent chemicals from coming in contact with your piece. also, store sterling silver in an airtight, tarnish resistant bag. avoid going into chlorinated pools or hot tubs while wearing your jewelry because this will speed up the tarnishing process. once in a while rub your piece with a silver polishing cloth to slow and prevent tarnishing from happening. how to clean my jewelry? to maintain the shiny appearance of your jewelry piece we recommend you dip your piece in a mixture of warm water and mild detergent. let it soak for a couple of moments. use a soft brush, like a toothbrush, to dislodge any pieces of dirt that may be stuck on the ring or pendant. another option would be to use a soft, lint-free cloth to polish your ring and keep it lustrous. we recommend you apply perfume, all cosmetics, and hairspray first before putting on your jewelry as this may cause your items to become dull. how do i untangle my chain? what you need: 2 fine point needles a dab of oil (e.g. baby oil, olive oil or vegetable oil) instructions: 1. place chain on flat surface. holding the chain up may tangle the chain further. 2. unclasp chain and rub knot with a little bit of oil. 3. with the two needles, start loosening knot from the centre out. focus on the centre of the knot and expand it. 4. once the knot is expanded, follow each chain moving each as you go. note: patience is key! 5. once your chain is tangle-free, dip the oily part in a mixture of warm water and mild detergent. dry thoroughly. how do i care for my jewelry? store your jewerly in a clean, dry place. do not wear your piece while doing rough work, stones can chip if hit by a sudden, sharp blow. also, chlorine can damage and discolour the mounting on your jewelry. keep your jewelry away from harsh chemicals and remove your jewelry before going into a chlorinated pool or hot tub. clear your jewelry regularly to maintain it's brilliance and luster. metals what is sterling silver? genuine sterling silver contains 92.5% silver. the remaining 7.5% is an alloy, usually copper, to increase the hardness because sterling silver is a soft metal. the stamp on the ring can appear as 925, .925 or 92.5, as opposed to a karat stamp. although this is the standard for the united states other countries may have lower grades. the sterling silver used to make items at jewlr are made from genuine sterling silver(.925). what is the difference between 10k & 14k gold? the term "karat" designates the amount of gold found in a piece of jewelry: 24 karats is pure gold but since pure gold is too soft to produce jewelry it is generally mixed with other metals to produce a harder, more workable alloy. while 14 karats (14k) indicates that 14 parts out of 24 are gold, the other parts being made up of the other metals, 10 karats (10k) indicates that 10 parts out of 24 are gold. what is cobalt? cobalt is element no. 27 on the periodic table. it is often found in nature bonded to nickel or copper. when isolated, cobalt is well known for its deep blue color. what colour are the cobalt rings? as it's name implies, when found in nature, cobalt is a deep blue in pigment. however, when used in cobalt chrome rings it is more similar to white gold or platinum. the cobalt chrome rings are a lighter metal and do not require rhodium plating to maintain its white hue. name necklace what choices of chain do you offer? you can choose between a 16" and 18" chain depending on how you would like to wear the necklace. for our silver pendants, we have 16 inch and 18 inch cable chain and for our gold pendants the options are 16" & 18" rope or curb chains. the rope chain is the stronger chain although it appears thinner than the curb chain. how big are the letters? it varies depending on the style and font that you select. on average the height of a capital letter is approximately 12mm. what is the difference between the rope and upgraded curb chain? the chains differ in the shape and thickness of the links. to match the style of the necklace and to ensure that the items are competitively priced, the rope chain is a stylish thin chain approximately 0.5mm thick. the upgraded curb chain is slightly thicker at approximately 1mm. orders will my ring look exactly like the preview image on the web site? when you personalize a ring on jewlr, you will see a preview of your item with your selected options. this preview is intended to give you an idea as to what your item will look like. though we do our best to provide an accurate representation of the actual item, there may some differences (e.g. with respect to stone colours and size). please ensure to review the item details which outline stone shapes and sizes. when will my order be processed? all orders placed during regular business hours will be processed within 24 hours. all orders placed on saturday, sunday, or holidays will be processed within 24 hours of the following regular business day. the approximate delivery time commences once your order has been processed. i need an engraving that is longer than the allowed number of characters. can you still do it? possibly. there may be certain styles where additional characters may be allowed if we feel that the addition will not compromise the design. please email us with the specific item style code and desired number of characters when inquiring. are special symbols or characters permitted in an engraving? no, unfortunately we cannot engrave special symbols and/or characters at this time. how do i sign up for an account? once you have placed an order you will receive a confirmation email with an order number and your account information. you can use your account information to check on the status of your order. you do not need to sign up for an account to make a purchase from our site. can i place an order over the phone? the best way to place an order is do it online. if you are having trouble, please call our customer service line at 1-866-610-8482 where our team will be able to help you with any questions or concerns. what forms of payment do you accept? we accept visa, american express, mastercard, discover, visa/debit, prepaid visa or prepaid mastercard or paypal. if you wish to pay with multiple credit cards, please call our customer service line at 1-866-610-8482 where our team can assist you further. we do not accept cash, cheques, installments, nor cash on delivery payments. do you put the purchase receipt in the box? there are no receipts put in the box so that it can be shipped directly to someone as a gift. the only receipt you will receive is by email with the order confirmation email. packaging what package will arrive at my door? all orders are placed inside a nondescript tamper-proof courier bag. how is my order packaged? every order is packaged in our signature jewlr packaging. the packaging is designed to complement the elegance of your custom created jewlr item. the outer box which is designed to protect your jewelry, serves as a luxurios gift box. inside you will find a certificate of authenticity that details the personalized attributes of your item, an optional free gift message, a complimentary piece of costume jewelry and, of course, your personalized item(s). each item is mounted in one of our stylish jewelry boxes, perfect for presentation and safe keeping. all in all we promise an exceptional experience perfect for giving someone (or yourself) the perfect gift. pearls what type of pearls do you use? we use un-drilled, fresh water, round pearls. how do i care for my pearl? it is very important you do not expose your pearl to any grooming products like hairspray, body lotion or perfume. put on your pearl jewelry as soon as you are done getting ready. pearls can be washed using tepid water mixed with a little bit of dish soap to remove any body oils that may stick to the pearl. let the pearl dry natually on a dry soft cloth. this procedure should maintain the glow and luster of the pearl. pendants what type of chain comes with a pendant? all our pendants come with a corresponsing chain depending on the metal you use to customize your item. if you choose a sterling silver pendant you will receive a silver chain to match your pendant. if you choose a gold item you will receive a gold chain. when you customize the pendant, you will see the different chain options available for that pendant. what is the difference between the curb and rope chains? the main difference between both chains is the look of the chain. while the rope chain may be a little more sturdy than the curb both of these are very high quality. the rope chain gives the effect of two twisting strands spiraled together and this is created by many small links. the curb chain is when the links interlock with each other when laid flat. what type of clasp is on the chain? all our chains come with one type of clasp, the springring clasp. at this time we do not provide any other type of clasp for our chains. returns and repairs what is your return policy? we offer a hassle-free 99 day return policy if you are not completely satisfied with your item. the item must be unworn and in its original condition. if the plastic jewelry tag has been removed, the item can not be returned. do not remove this tag until you are certain you want to keep your item. to request a return, please fill out our request return form. a customer service representative will send you return instructions. you must make your return request and have the item postmarked to us prior to 99 days after the original shipment date. you will receive a full refund of the original item price (minus any shipping expenses or gift wrap), once we have received the item and performed an inspection. please allow 1-2 weeks after our receipt of your return for your refund to be processed. do you offer resizing? yes, we offer one (1) free resizing,within 2 full ring sizes, within 30 days of the original shipment date on most rings. this includes items that have been engraved, though there will be an additional charge for re-engraving a base engraving. you will be responsible for all related shipping costs. due to the nature of tungsten, cobalt and ceramic, we are unable to offer free resizing for these rings. to have a ring resized, please follow the link to our request resizing form. if you require resizing outside the original 30 day period and/or resizing of greater than 2 full sizes, we'd be happy to discuss this with you. please contact us for more information. my sterling silver ring is tarnishing. what should i do? all genuine .925 sterling silver items can tarnish. tarnish is not an indication of poor quality. as a matter of fact, cheap imitation or costume jewelry is usually nickel plated or made from inexpensive base metals that will not tarnish. your genuine sterling silver item can tarnish when exposed to the environment and to everyday products such as perfumes, colognes, dishwashing soap, hair care products, lotions, creams and more. fortunately, there any many anti-tarnish silver polishes available at your local mall and/or jeweller. shipping will my order arrive in time for christmas? if an item is marked as guaranteed you will receive your order by december 23rd. we will even upgrade your shipping to make sure you receive it on time. how much is shipping? do you offer free shipping? yes, we offer free shipping to all our customers in the united states*, canada, europe and australia. view our shipping information page for more details. shipping information *unfortunately we cannot offer free shipping to our customers in alaska and hawaii how long will delivery take? every item is custom manufactured and ships in 3 to 10 business days from the order date. estimated ship dates are provided for each item on the item page. shipping to usa and canada takes an additional 1-5 business days. while we make every effort to ship your order to you within the estimated time frames, we cannot guarantee delivery within these estimated times. please allow sufficient manufacturing and shipment time when placing your order. what if i need my item sooner? we offer an expedited shipping option to most locations in north america. express shipping is 1 - 2 business days. please also remember that these shipping times do not include the manufacturing time. manufacturing time for every item varies between 3 to 8 days. if you are in a rush take a look at the quick ship collection to see the items that are manufactured the fastest. upon request, we can try to expedite the manufacturing of your order. there are no guarantees that we will be able to fulfill your request, but we will definitely try our best. to make an expedited request, after placing your order, please send us an email (at customerservice@jewlr.com) with your order number and desired date of delivery. we also include a jewelry certificate with every item. your official certificate can be downloaded, printed and presented to your loved one to let them know that their special gift has been ordered and will be delivered shortly. can i upgrade my shipping method after my order is processed? yes, as long as your item has not been shipped yet, we can upgrade your shipping method (if option is available). please contact a customer service representative. who do you use to ship? all items are made in our north american factories. we ship with fedex, canada post, ups, usps and royal mail depending on location and service. what countries do you currently ship to? we currently ship directly to customers in the us, canada, europe ,australia and new zealand. for customers in other countries we do offer a solution with our partner, international checkout solutions. see international orders page for more details. do you ship to apo's, fpo's and p.o boxes? yes. shipping times may vary. please allow additional shipping time if shipping to apo, fpo or po box. once i order, how long does it take for me to get my item? all of our items are custom made to order. the estimated time for manufacturing for a particular item is listed on the item's product page. many of our styles are made in 3-8 business days. you can estimate when you will receive your item by adding the manufacturing time to the shipping time from the date of your order. free shipping is 3 - 5 business days. express shiping is typically 1- 2 business days. delivery do you deliver to apo's, fpo's and p.o boxes? yes. delivery times may vary. please allow additional delivery time if shipping to apo, fpo or po box. payment do you offer payment plans? payment plans are available through paypal credit. please see https://www.paypal.com/webapps/mpp/paypal-credit. do you have a jewlr credit card? jewlr offers a jewlr gift card which can be used for any jewlr item. the jewlr gift card is an electronic gift card that can be used online at jewlr. it is the convenient and easy gift to give when you’re late or when you just don’t know what to give! become a vip sign up for the jewlr newsletter to receive exclusive offers get vip treatment customer reviews "i love all the choices and options to customize! it made the experience fun and nice to be able to get a custom personalized piece of jewelry at a reasonable cost!" - c.j. need help? about us jewelry has been an integral part of fashion, life and love since before the middle ages. in today's modern society, the internet has changed the way we live our lives. whether it is the way we communicate at work, keep in touch with friends and family, or how we shop for goods and services, the online experience has enriched our lives. in 2009 a team of internet entrepreneurs decided that it was time to take the jewelry shopping experience to the next level by using the latest advancements in manufacturing and web technology to create a totally new way of buying and creating jewelry. our goal was to create an extraordinary online experience that gave shoppers the unique ability to create and visualize, in real time, rings, pendants, charms, and earrings, personalized to their exact requirements. every style would be available in multiple metals, and every stone could be chosen from a wide selection of diamonds, birthstones, gemstones and swarovksi zirconia. additionally, we would use laser engraving techniques to engrave names, messages, dates and other sentimental expressions to every item, to complete the personalized experience. finally, the custom items would be manufactured in north america, in just a few days, and shipped directly to customers. we recognized that to succeed we had to create unique designs, offer items that were value priced, have a no hassle return policy and we had to provide superb personalized customer support. since our humble beginnings we have grown to be one of the largest online jeweler. we have tens of thousands of happy customers and we have delivered on our goal to provide an exceptional jewelry shopping experience. every jewlr item is packaged in our signature jewlr box and packaging. we offer fast free shipping to our customers in north america, europe and australia and a no risk, no stress policy that allows returns up to 99 days after shipping. every item comes with a stunning free gift as a small token of our appreciation. why choose jewlr have you ever created your own personalized jewelry? it makes giving so much more real when you actually chose every part of the piece you’re giving to that special someone. then you can say that it truly came from the heart. we know that you’re not buying just a piece of jewelry – you’re trying to put how you feel into something that goes beyond words. that’s why you need something completely unique. something that no one else has ever received. a one in a million gift. with a personalized piece, you will combine stones, metal and engravings of any color and style you desire. choose birthstones to represent loved ones, or pick their favorite stone. decide on a style and metal to match their taste and your budget. preserve memorable dates, precious names or special messages. company customer reviews how jewlr works press terms and conditions privacy policy learn faq how it's made swarovski gemstones™ charm info packaging jewlr gift cards the jahnavi mala project ordering shipping information ring sizing 99-day return policy one year warranty free gift jewelry certificate international orders contact us send us a message phone: 1-866-610-8482 call center hours: m-f 9am to 5:30pm (us/canadian eastern standard time) facebook twitter pinterest instagram google+ blog change country usa canada australia europe france germany netherlands spain united kingdom change country us ca au eu fr de nl es uk customer care 1-866-610-8482 monday to friday 9am to 5:30pm eastern time need help? company about us why choose jewlr customer reviews how jewlr works press terms and conditions privacy policy contact us learn faq how it's made swarovski gemstones™ charm info packaging jewlr gift cards the jahnavi mala project ordering ring sizing shipping information 99-day return policy one year warranty free gift jewelry certificate international orders follow us facebook twitter pinterest instagram google+ blog copyright © 2016 jewlr. all rights reserved. top order today! order today and get guaranteed mother's day delivery with free shipping! if necessary, we will upgrade your shipment for free to ensure delivery by mother's day need it by mother's day? order today & instantly receive a jewelry certificate to present on mother's day. your personalized gift will arrive just a few days later. learn more continue shopping need to give a gift today? a personalized jewelry certificate we have a solution! order today and instantly receive a link to a personalized jewelry certificate. simply print it and present to your loved one. your custom made personalized item will arrive shortly thereafter. order today and instantly receive a link to a personalized jewelry certificate. simply print it and present to your loved one. your custom made personalized item will arrive shortly thereafter. learn more about our jewelry certificate continue shopping close send a hint! home my wish list my cart my orders sign in sign out shop the sale rings back rings collection mother's promise for her promise for him couples cage birthstone mens family celtic & claddagh reversible flip rings style cage infinity claddagh celtic knot heart stackable halo cocktail bridal back bridal collection bridal collection engagement two stone engagement bridal sets wedding bands for her wedding bands for him bridesmaids anniversary pendants back pendants catergories mother's cage name necklaces monogram necklaces reversible flip pendants zodiac pendants family tree birthstone promise men's necklaces style heart infinity crosses key disc photo name necklaces back name necklaces name collection monogram collection bar initial mens back mens collection all rings promise rings wedding bands tungsten rings celtic & claddagh rings cufflinks cufflink collections star wars star trek dc comics marvel disney translation missing: en-us.title_cage2 nba mlb ncaa nhl necklaces all dog tags crosses engravable jewelry back jewelry bracelets all infinity heart charm earrings earrings studs disc charms all animals mother's flowers sports music cage graduation engraved collections back collections bridal collection cage collection name collection monogram collection celtic & claddagh collection heart collection infinity collection push presents statement collection reversible flip rings princess leaves of love religious collection birthstone collection mala collection star collection yoga collection pearl collection new items best sellers quick ship pineapple unicorn mermaid modern romance gifts back gifts for her girlfriend promise rings princess cut heart push presents for family mom cage grandmother mother daughter sisters couples family rings family tree pendants birthstone collection occasion engagement wedding bands bridesmaids anniversary push presents graduation religious jewlr gift cards what's new company about us how jewlr works press terms and conditions we care about your privacy learn frequently asked questions how it's made swarovski gemstones™ personalized charms packaging gift card recipient the jahnavi mala project ordering ordering shipping information return policy warranty information free gift jewelry certificate international orders need help? contact us email call monday to friday9am to 5:30pm eastern time continue with facebook to get the most out of jewlr.com! create and share your personalized designs. access your cart and share your wish list from any of your devices. don’t worry! we’ll only share if you tell us to. no thanks congratulations, you've just saved 20%! thank you for continuing with facebook.all prices have been adjusted to reflect your exclusive facebook promo rate.* don’t forget, this offer is valid for one week only. got it! * get 20% off the regular base price of all items on your next order sign in sign in to your account to check on your order status. we will never post without your permission! or remember me sign in forgot your password? please note that you do not need to create an account in order to purchase from jewlr. an account will automatically be created for you once you place an order. the account details, including username and password, will be sent to you along with your order confirmation.<