来源URL: https://web.archive.org/web/20171204144521/https://www.jewlr.com/info/why_choose_jewlr
================================================================================

why choose jewlr | jewlr fourth of july sale - up to 50% off ► free shipping 99-day returns free gift free resizing 1.2m + 1-866-610-8482 account my account my cart my wish list my orders sign in sign out (0) my cart (0) rings collection mother's promise for her promise for him couples cage birthstone mens family celtic & claddagh reversible flip rings style cage infinity claddagh celtic knot heart stackable halo cocktail explore all bridal collection bridal collection engagement two stone engagement bridal sets wedding bands for her wedding bands for him bridesmaids anniversary explore all pendants collection mother's cage name necklaces monogram necklaces reversible flip pendants zodiac pendants family tree birthstone promise men's necklaces style heart infinity crosses key disc photo explore all name necklaces name necklaces name monogram bar initial explore all mens collection all rings promise rings wedding bands tungsten rings celtic & claddagh rings cufflinks cufflink collections star wars star trek dc comics marvel disney nfl mlb nba ncaa nhl necklaces all dog tags crosses engravable jewelry bracelets all infinity heart charm earrings all studs disc charms all animals mother's flowers sports music cage graduation engraved collections collections bridal cage name monogram celtic & claddagh heart infinity push presents statement reversible flip rings princess leaves of love religious birthstone mala star yoga pearl new items best sellers quick ship pineapple unicorn mermaid modern romance gifts for her girlfriend promise rings princess cut heart push presents for family mom daughter grandmother mother daughter sisters couples family rings family tree pendants birthstone collection occasion engagement wedding bands bridesmaids anniversary push presents graduation religious jewlr gift cards what's new sale to ensure our customers have the best virtual shopping experience possible, jewlr.com uses javascript. please enable javascript on your browser to continue shopping. for further information or assistance, please call 1-866-610-8482 or email customerservice@jewlr.com. about us why choose jewlr frequently asked questions return policy shipping information free gift ring sizing warranty information packaging jewelry certificate press international orders contact us why choose jewlr for love, life and celebrations jewelry that shows how you feel have you ever created your own personalized jewelry? it makes giving so much more real when you actually chose every part of the piece you’re giving to that special someone. then you can say that it truly came from the heart. we know that you’re not buying just a piece of jewelry – you’re trying to put how you feel into something that goes beyond words. that’s why you need something completely unique. something that no one else has ever received. a one in a million gift. with a personalized piece, you will combine stones, metal and engravings of any color and style you desire. choose birthstones to represent loved ones, or pick their favorite stone. decide on a style and metal to match their taste and your budget. preserve memorable dates, precious names or special messages. nothing says it like personalized jewelry. and there is no place better than jewlr to get it made, for these 5 simple reasons: online personalization is now incredibly easy anyone can create customized jewelry with jewlr, because our website is the best of its kind – even if we do say so ourselves. we’ve taken 3d technology from the movie industry to show you exactly what your design is going to look like even before it’s made. you can choose any font and see it instantly engraved on a ring, for example. just click and select your stones. choose the metal and see how it looks. simply follow the step-by-step instructions and see the jewelry take shape. even if you never end up buying it, it’s still great fun to do. outstanding handcrafted quality buying online doesn’t mean buying cheap. all our items are handmade by professional craftsmen in the usa and canada. you decide on the materials. splurge on gold and diamonds or create an affordable silver ring with brilliant simulated diamonds made from swarovski cubic zirconia. depending on your choice of metals, stones and engravings the same style can cost a few hundred or a few thousand dollars. fast creation, fast free shipping and gift-ready packaging once you’ve finished your design, our jewelers will get to work. they will ship in will ship in as little as 3 days and we offer free fast shipping to us, canada, europe and australia. optional overnight shipping is available at a low cost optional overnight shipping is available at a low cost when your order arrives it’s ready for giving. it will be in an elegant box with a certificate of authenticity, a free gift and your personal message. it’s cheaper to buy directly from us how can we sell at such a low price? because we only sell online and don’t have the overheads of expensive retail stores. we’ve also cut out the middle man and pass on the savings to you. what’s more, we are a bulk buyer of raw materials so get a lower price than a local artisan, while still producing handcrafted designs. all this means is that you can buy custom made items for less than the price of mass-market jewelry produced in asia. now that’s win-win. security, service and satisfaction guarantees jewelry and customer service are our twin passions. we take pride in every piece we produce and want you and your loved ones to be as happy with it as we are. every item is hand made and inspected multiple times during the manufacturing process. we also provide a 1 year warranty on all items and you can return any item – even engraved ones – within 99-days for a full refund of the purchase price. we’ll even provide one free resizing of any ring (north america only). service is our pleasure. you can contact us by phone, email or live chat at any time. we are one of the biggest online jewelry retailers, shipping tens of thousands of items every year. let our customers speak for themselves: see our 5 star reviews at resellerratings, how we were voted most innovative retailer in canada and how our customers regularly tell us how much they appreciate what we’ve done. not to mention countless features in newspapers and magazines, including oprah magazine and parenting. security is assured when you order with us. we are members of the bbb, jewelry industry associations and our online security is regularly audited by industry watchdogs verisign, trustwave and authorize.net. we never store your credit card number and offer full guarantees for every order. free gift as part of a special new promotion, we’re giving away a free gift with every order – no strings attached. this gift is our way of saying thank you for shopping with jewlr. all gifts are subject to availability. become a vip sign up for the jewlr newsletter to receive exclusive offers get vip treatment customer reviews "i love all the choices and options to customize! it made the experience fun and nice to be able to get a custom personalized piece of jewelry at a reasonable cost!" - c.j. need help? about us jewelry has been an integral part of fashion, life and love since before the middle ages. in today's modern society, the internet has changed the way we live our lives. whether it is the way we communicate at work, keep in touch with friends and family, or how we shop for goods and services, the online experience has enriched our lives. in 2009 a team of internet entrepreneurs decided that it was time to take the jewelry shopping experience to the next level by using the latest advancements in manufacturing and web technology to create a totally new way of buying and creating jewelry. our goal was to create an extraordinary online experience that gave shoppers the unique ability to create and visualize, in real time, rings, pendants, charms, and earrings, personalized to their exact requirements. every style would be available in multiple metals, and every stone could be chosen from a wide selection of diamonds, birthstones, gemstones and swarovksi zirconia. additionally, we would use laser engraving techniques to engrave names, messages, dates and other sentimental expressions to every item, to complete the personalized experience. finally, the custom items would be manufactured in north america, in just a few days, and shipped directly to customers. we recognized that to succeed we had to create unique designs, offer items that were value priced, have a no hassle return policy and we had to provide superb personalized customer support. since our humble beginnings we have grown to be one of the largest online jeweler. we have tens of thousands of happy customers and we have delivered on our goal to provide an exceptional jewelry shopping experience. every jewlr item is packaged in our signature jewlr box and packaging. we offer fast free shipping to our customers in north america, europe and australia and a no risk, no stress policy that allows returns up to 99 days after shipping. every item comes with a stunning free gift as a small token of our appreciation. why choose jewlr have you ever created your own personalized jewelry? it makes giving so much more real when you actually chose every part of the piece you’re giving to that special someone. then you can say that it truly came from the heart. we know that you’re not buying just a piece of jewelry – you’re trying to put how you feel into something that goes beyond words. that’s why you need something completely unique. something that no one else has ever received. a one in a million gift. with a personalized piece, you will combine stones, metal and engravings of any color and style you desire. choose birthstones to represent loved ones, or pick their favorite stone. decide on a style and metal to match their taste and your budget. preserve memorable dates, precious names or special messages. company customer reviews how jewlr works press terms and conditions privacy policy learn faq how it's made swarovski gemstones™ charm info packaging jewlr gift cards the jahnavi mala project ordering shipping information ring sizing 99-day return policy one year warranty free gift jewelry certificate international orders contact us send us a message phone: 1-866-610-8482 call center hours: m-f 9am to 5:30pm (us/canadian eastern standard time) facebook twitter pinterest instagram google+ blog change country usa canada australia europe france germany netherlands spain united kingdom change country us ca au eu fr de nl es uk customer care 1-866-610-8482 monday to friday 9am to 5:30pm eastern time need help? company about us why choose jewlr customer reviews how jewlr works press terms and conditions privacy policy contact us learn faq how it's made swarovski gemstones™ charm info packaging jewlr gift cards the jahnavi mala project ordering ring sizing shipping information 99-day return policy one year warranty free gift jewelry certificate international orders follow us facebook twitter pinterest instagram google+ blog copyright © 2016 jewlr. all rights reserved. top order today! order today and get guaranteed mother's day delivery with free shipping! if necessary, we will upgrade your shipment for free to ensure delivery by mother's day need it by mother's day? order today & instantly receive a jewelry certificate to present on mother's day. your personalized gift will arrive just a few days later. learn more continue shopping need to give a gift today? a personalized jewelry certificate we have a solution! order today and instantly receive a link to a personalized jewelry certificate. simply print it and present to your loved one. your custom made personalized item will arrive shortly thereafter. order today and instantly receive a link to a personalized jewelry certificate. simply print it and present to your loved one. your custom made personalized item will arrive shortly thereafter. learn more about our jewelry certificate continue shopping close send a hint! home my wish list my cart my orders sign in sign out shop the sale rings back rings collection mother's promise for her promise for him couples cage birthstone mens family celtic & claddagh reversible flip rings style cage infinity claddagh celtic knot heart stackable halo cocktail bridal back bridal collection bridal collection engagement two stone engagement bridal sets wedding bands for her wedding bands for him bridesmaids anniversary pendants back pendants catergories mother's cage name necklaces monogram necklaces reversible flip pendants zodiac pendants family tree birthstone promise men's necklaces style heart infinity crosses key disc photo name necklaces back name necklaces name collection monogram collection bar initial mens back mens collection all rings promise rings wedding bands tungsten rings celtic & claddagh rings cufflinks cufflink collections star wars star trek dc comics marvel disney translation missing: en-us.title_cage2 nba mlb ncaa nhl necklaces all dog tags crosses engravable jewelry back jewelry bracelets all infinity heart charm earrings earrings studs disc charms all animals mother's flowers sports music cage graduation engraved collections back collections bridal collection cage collection name collection monogram collection celtic & claddagh collection heart collection infinity collection push presents statement collection reversible flip rings princess leaves of love religious collection birthstone collection mala collection star collection yoga collection pearl collection new items best sellers quick ship pineapple unicorn mermaid modern romance gifts back gifts for her girlfriend promise rings princess cut heart push presents for family mom cage grandmother mother daughter sisters couples family rings family tree pendants birthstone collection occasion engagement wedding bands bridesmaids anniversary push presents graduation religious jewlr gift cards what's new company about us how jewlr works press terms and conditions we care about your privacy learn frequently asked questions how it's made swarovski gemstones™ personalized charms packaging gift card recipient the jahnavi mala project ordering ordering shipping information return policy warranty information free gift jewelry certificate international orders need help? contact us email call monday to friday9am to 5:30pm eastern time continue with facebook to get the most out of jewlr.com! create and share your personalized designs. access your cart and share your wish list from any of your devices. don’t worry! we’ll only share if you tell us to. no thanks congratulations, you've just saved 20%! thank you for continuing with facebook.all prices have been adjusted to reflect your exclusive facebook promo rate.* don’t forget, this offer is valid for one week only. got it! * get 20% off the regular base price of all items on your next order sign in sign in to your account to check on your order status. we will never post without your permission! or remember me sign in forgot your password? please note that you do not need to create an account in order to purchase from jewlr. an account will automatically be created for you once you place an order. the account details, including username and password, will be sent to you along with your order confirmation.<