来源URL: https://web.archive.org/web/20181229150938/https://www.jewlr.com/info/faq
================================================================================

frequently asked questions | jewlr fathers day sale | up to 60% off retail 1.6m + 1-866-610-8482 fathers day sale | up to 60% off retail free shipping on all orders! 99-day returns free resizing one-year warranty make every moment sparkle rings engagement wedding necklaces everyday mens jewelry collections gifts fathers day mega deals fathers day sale | up to 60% off retail to ensure our customers have the best virtual shopping experience possible, jewlr.com uses javascript. please enable javascript on your browser to continue shopping. for further information or assistance, please call 1-866-610-8482 or email help@jewlr.com. to ensure our customers have the best virtual shopping experience possible, jewlr.com uses cookies. please enable cookies on your browser to continue shopping. for further information or assistance, please call 1-866-610-8482 or email help@jewlr.com. frequently asked questions frequently asked questions how it's made swarovski gemstones™ charms information packaging jewlr gift cards the jahnavi mala project we're here to help our customer service experts speak to hundreds of customers each week. here is a list of the most common questions. if you cannot find an answer, don't hesitate to contact us. request a resizing request a repair request a return about us who are you? what makes jewlr unique? we are a leading online retailer of personalized jewelry. every jewlr item is manufactured in north america and shipped directly to customers in the usa, canada, europe, and australia. every item can be highly personalized by selecting metals, gemstones, and engravings to meet your exact style. where is jewlr located? jewlr is based out of toronto, ontario, canada. all of our jewelry is proudly made-to-order in the united states and canada. do you have any stores i can visit? no. jewlr is an online retailer, that actually produces our own products. due to this model, we do not need to carry any inventory, and we are able to offer exceptionally affordable prices for personalized jewelry. do you have a warranty on your jewelry? yes, we have a one-year warranty against any manufacturing defects on all of our jewelry. any damage sustained by misuse or alterations not done by jewlr will void the warranty. please view our warranty information page for more details. what is a wish list? jewlr’s wish list is a convenient way to keep track of all those special items you want. personalize up to 8 pieces with multiple customizations, save them to your list, and share with your friends and family. wish lists are great for special occasions - let others know what you’re looking for, or share gift ideas for someone special. what are your customer service hours? customer service is open monday to friday from 9am to 5:30pm eastern standard time, excluding holidays. our offices are closed over the weekend. during holiday seasons, we offer extended hours. orders will my ring look exactly like the preview image on the web site? when you personalize a ring on jewlr, you will see a preview of your item with your selected options. this preview is intended to give you an idea as to what your item will look like so there are no surprises. when will my order be processed? all orders placed during business hours will be processed right away. all orders placed on weekends or holidays will be processed on the following business day. the approximate delivery time always accounts for weekends and holidays, and is an accurate date to rely on. i need an engraving that is longer than the allowed number of characters. can you still do it? it depends on the style. there may be certain styles where additional characters may be allowed if we feel that the addition will not compromise the design. ring size can also be a factor. please email us with the specific item style code and desired number of characters when inquiring. how do i sign up for an account? you can sign up by clicking the 'my account' button and follow the simple steps. as a convenience, if you checkout as a guest, we automatically create an account for you and you will receive a confirmation email with an order number and your account information. you can use your account information to check on the status of your order. can i place an order over the phone? the best way to place an order is online so you can see your persoanlized item. if you are having trouble, please call our customer service line at 1-866-610-8482, and our team will be happy to help you with any questions or concerns. what forms of payment do you accept? we accept visa, american express, mastercard, discover, visa/debit, prepaid visa or prepaid mastercard or paypal. if you wish to pay with multiple credit cards, please call our customer service line at 1-866-610-8482 where our team can assist you further. we do not accept cash, cheques, installments, nor cash on delivery payments. do you put the purchase receipt in the box? there are no receipts put in the box so that it can be shipped directly to someone as a gift. the only receipt you will receive is by email with the order confirmation email. payment do you offer financing or payment plans? yes we do. we work with affirm to provide financing. in addition, payment plans are available through paypal credit. please see https://www.paypal.com/us/webapps/mpp/paypal-credit, or visit our payment plan. do you have a jewlr credit card? no we do not have a credit card. jewlr offers a jewlr gift card which can be used for any jewlr item. the jewlr gift card is an electronic gift card that can be used online at jewlr. it is the convenient and easy gift to give when you’re late or when you just don’t know what to give! promotions where can i get a coupon code? you can sign up for an account or newsletter, and as a thank you, you will receive a discount promo code. why was my coupon not applied to my order? coupons are applied to all jewlr purchases in your cart except for add ons such as photo boxes, gift wrap or premium gifts. what are add on or bundle items? add ons and bundled items are optional, and are available to you at checkout because of the special item you are purchasing. will the code be applied to items on sale? yes, promo codes are applied to sale items. what is a multi-level coupon? a multi-level discount coupon will discount your order in different increments based on the total value of your order. that is, the more you spend, the larger the discount. jewelry what is family jewelry? family jewelry are items that carry a special meaning and significane, representing loved ones. family jewelry can be any jewelry type such as a ring, necklace or bracelet. it is typically purchaed for a grandmother, mother, or daughter and is set with the birthstone of each family member. some family jewelry can be engraved with each family member's name or just the family's surname for that added personal touch. all family jewelry products carry a theme surrounding families and love. what is a mothers ring? a mother's ring is a symbolic ring that represents a mother's love for her child, children or entire family. it is customary to include the parents birthstones on a mother's ring, but having just the child's or children's birthstones is also common. often, these items are further personalized with custom engravings of children's names or the family surname. what is a grandmothers ring? this special ring features the gemstones of the grandparent's children and her children's child or children. alternatively, it can feature just the grandchild or grandchildren's birthstones. styles range from 5 to 12 gemstones. what is a daughter's ring? a daughter's ring typically has 3 gemstones, but not always, with a predominant or center birthstone representing the daughter's birth month. two smaller birthstones represent the birth month of the mother and father. what is a promise ring? a couples ring is a cherished keepsake between sweethearts; these rings have 2 stones representing the birth months of the couple and often include personal engravings. what is the difference in font styles? we offer 4 different engraving font options: classic- this is a timeless font, easy to read and see. this font is best when you want your engraving to be very legible. modern- this is an effortless, more rounded font. the text style is soft and gentle while still being bold. italic- this font is slightly slanted and thinner in width. it is sleek and classy in appearance. cursive - this is a dainty and elegant script font that, because of how fine it appears, can be a little bit more difficult to read. jewelry care how do i care for my jewelry? first and foremost, avoid chemicals as they can alter the metal in your jewelry. remove your jewelry when doing any household cleaning or wear rubber gloves to prevent chemical contact with your piece. also, avoid chlorinated pools or hot tubs while wearing your jewelry as these will speed up the tarnishing process. we also recommend you apply any perfumes, cosmetics, and hairspray before putting on your jewelry as the chemicals may dull the shine. store your jewelry in a clean, dry place. exercise care when wearing your piece as stones can chip if hit on hard surfaces. avoid harsh chemicals, and clean your jewelry regularly. how should i clean my jewelry? we recommend you periodically clean your jewelry in a mixer or warm water and mild detergent to maintain its shine. use a toothbrush or other soft brush to dislodge any pieces of dirt that may be stuck to the piece. use a soft, lint-free cloth to polish your item and keep it lustrous. how do i untangle my chain? to safely untangle your chain without damage, you will need two fine-point needles and a dab of oil (baby oil, olive oil, vegetable oil, etc.) first, place the chain on a flat surface, as holding the chain up may tangle it further. unclasp the chain and rub the knot with a little bit of oil. with the two needles, start loosening the knot from the centre out. focus on the centre of the knot and expand it. once the knot is expanded, follow each chain moving each as you go. go slowly- patience is key! once your chain is tangle-free, dip the oily part in a mixture of warm water and mild detergent. dry thoroughly. metals what is sterling silver? silver is a precious metal, like gold and platinum. jewlr uses a premium anti-tarnish sterling silver for all silver products. sterling silver jewelry is stamped with 925 to indicate the metal type. my sterling silver ring is tarnishing. what should i do? sterling silver jewelry (as well as other items made of sterling silver) can tarnish when exposed to a certain environment which causes a chemical reaction on the surface of the mteal. everyday products such as perfumes, colognes, dishwashing soap, hair care products, chlorene, can cause this reaction. additionally, some people's body chemistry and skin oils can cause silver to tarnish. please contact customer service for more information and tips to prevent or treat silver tarnish. what is the difference between 10k & 14k gold? the term "karat" designates the amount of gold found in a piece of jewelry. jewelry is commonly made in 10k, 14k and 18k, as pure gold is mixed with other metals to produce a harder, more workable metal. jewlr offers a selection of 10k, 14k and 18k white, yellow, and rose gold. what is cobalt? cobalt is a non-preious metal, typicaly found in mens rings. it has a look similar to white gold or platinum. it is often found in nature bonded to nickel or copper. name necklace what choices of chain do you offer? we offer sterling silver cable chain in 14", 16", 18" and 24". in 10k and 14k gold, we offer premium diamond cut cable and rope chains in 14", 16" and 18" lengths. how big are the letters? letter size will vary depending on the style and font that you select. on average, the height of a capital letter is approximately 11 mm. what is the difference between the rope and upgraded diamond cut cable chain? the main difference between chains is the look and thickness. the rope chain consists of many small links crafted to give the effect of strands spiraled together. it is also a dainty thin style. the diamond cut cable chain consists of links that interlock with each other, with diamond cuts on the side. the rope chain is approximately 0.6mm thick, while the curb chain is slightly thicker at approximately 1mm. charms do your charms fit on a pandora bracelet? yes, all our charms are designed to fit on all styles of charm bracelts. what is the diameter of the inside of the charm? all our charms have a centre diameter of 4.6mm. for all item specifications, you can click on the “item details” on the item page. packaging what package will arrive at my door? all orders are placed inside a nondescript tamper-proof courier bag. how is my order packaged? every order is packaged in our signature jewlr packaging, designed to complement the elegance of your custom jewlr item. the luxurious gift box is also made to protect your jewelry. inside you will find a certificate of authenticity that details the personalized attributes of your item, an optional free gift message, a complimentary piece of costume jewelry and, of course, your special purchase. each item is mounted in one of our stylish jewelry boxes, perfect for presentation and safekeeping. pearls what type of pearls do you use? we use high quality freshwater pearls. how do i care for my pearl? it is very important you do not expose your pearl to any grooming products like hairspray, body lotion or perfume. pearls can be washed using tepid water mixed with a little bit of dish soap to remove any body oils that may stick to the pearl. let the pearl dry naturally on a soft, dry cloth. this procedure will help maintain the glow and luster of the pearl. pendants what type of chain comes with a pendant? all of our pendants come with a corresponding chain, the style of which will depend on the metal you use choose for your item. when you customize the pendant, you will see the different chain options available for that pendant. what is the difference between the rope and upgraded diamond cut cable chain? the main difference between chains is the look and thickness. the rope chain consists of many small links crafted to give the effect of strands spiraled together. it is also a dainty thin style. the diamond cut cable chain consists of links that interlock with each other, with diamond cuts on the side. the rope chain is approximately 0.6mm thick, while the curb chain is slightly thicker at approximately 1mm. what type of clasp is on the chain? all of our chains come with a spring ring clasp. returns and repairs what is your return policy? we offer a 99-day return policy in the event you are not completely satisfied with your purchase. the item must be returned unworn and in its original condition, with the plastic jewelry tag still attached. fill out our return request form and a customer service representative will send you the return instructions. the return must be postmarked to us prior to 99 days after the original shipment date. your item will be inspected, after which a full refund will be issued, minus shipping and gift wrap costs. please allow 1-2 weeks after we receive the return for your refund to be processed. do you offer free resizing? yes, we offer one (1) free resizing of up to two full ring sizes, within 30 days of the original shipment date on most rings. this includes items that have been engraved, though there will be an additional charge for re-engraving a base engraving. you will be responsible for all related shipping costs. due to the nature of tungsten, cobalt and ceramic, we are unable to offer free resizing for these rings, however we do have an exchange program available. please contact our customer service team for details . to have a ring resized, please follow the link to our request resizing form. if you require resizing outside the original 30 day period and/or resizing of greater than two full sizes, we'd be happy to discuss this with you. please contact us for more information. shipping do you offer free shipping? yes, we offer free shipping on all orders. view our shipping information page for more details. shipping information how long will delivery take? every item is custom manufactured and ships in 2 to 4 business days from the order date. estimated get it by dates are provided for each item on the item page. what if i need my item sooner? we offer various shipping methods to most locations in north america. you can select express 1-day, or 2-day for a nominal amount. please also remember that these shipping times do not include the manufacturing time. manufacturing time for every item varies between 1 to 4 days. if you are in a rush, take a look at the quick ship collection to see the items that are manufactured the fastest. we also include a jewelry certificate with every item. your official certificate can be downloaded, printed and presented to your loved one to let them know that their special gift has been ordered and will be delivered shortly. can i upgrade my shipping method after my order is processed? yes, as long as your item has not been shipped yet, we can upgrade your shipping method (if option is available). please contact a customer service representative as soon as possible. who do you use to ship? we ship using fedex, ups, usps and canada post depending on location and service. what countries do you currently ship to? we currently ship directly to customers in the us, canada, europe and australia. for customers in other countries we do offer a solution with our partner, international checkout solutions. see ournternational orders page for more details. do you ship to apo's, fpo's and p.o boxes? yes we do. please see shipping options once the shipping address is submitted. delivery diamonds what quality of diamonds are offered with your jewelry? the diamonds we use vary depending on the style and design of the item. in our one & only engagement rings, you can select the 4 c's of your diamond. in our other lines of jewelry, the diamonds range from g-i in colour and si1-i1 in clarity. all diamonds in our one & only engagement rings collection are accompanied by a laboratory report from a leading gemological institue (gia, igi or gs). if you have specific questions regarding our diamonds, please call us to speak with one of our diamond experts and you can visit our diamond info page for more details. are the diamonds conflict free ? jewlr's diamonds are all conflict-free, and purchased from reputable global diamond suppliers. what are lab grown diamonds? lab grown diamonds are man made diamonds that are physically, chemically and optically identical to mined diamonds. they are an excellent value with the same beauty as a mined diamond. also known as lab-created diamonds, they are pure carbon diamonds grown in highly-controlled lab conditions. the growing process simulates the earth’s natural growing process that occurs below the surface. grown diamonds are visually identical to mined diamonds, even trained gemologists can not tell the difference. how are lab diamonds made? lab diamonds are created by recreating the conditions in the earth. there are three key elements, heat, pressure and carbon. the process varies in duration depending on the size. the diamond is then cut and polished, similar to mined diamonds. like mined diamonds, each lab diamond is unique and can be graded by leading gemological institutes. what is the difference between is a cubic zirconia and lab grown diamond? diamonds are made entirely from carbon, whereas cubic zirconia (cz) do not contain any carbon. diamonds are much harder than simulants, and have superior visual properties, such as light performance and patterning. it is easy to tell the difference between a diamond and a simulant such as cz or moissanite. gemstones what are birthstones? birthstones are gemstones that are traditionally associated with the twelve months of the year and are available in both genuine and simulated. certain birthstones such as diamonds, sapphires, emeralds and rubies are scarce and therefore more valuable. what is the difference between simulated gemstones and genuine gemstones? simulated (sometimes called synthetic) gemstones are created in laboratories and emulate the characteristics and look of genuine gemstones, but do not have the same physical properties. for example, cubic zirconia is a diamond simulant composed of zirconium oxide. simulated stones tend to be vivid in colour as impurities are not present in a lab, and therefore do not modify the clarity or hue of the stone. why should you include genuine gemstones in your jewelry? genuine gemstones add exceptional worth and natural beauty to all jewelry. genuine gemstones are rarer and much more valuable than simulated gemstones and this value stays with the jewelry item forever. all of jewlr’s genuine gemstones are a-aa quality and purchased from industry-leading suppliers. we continually strive to obtain the highest quality stones and offer them to you at a competitive price. why aren't my birthstones offered for a particular item? due to limitations in supply we are not able to offer birthstones in all stone shapes and sizes. in addition, certain stones may not be available for every style of jewelry due limitations in handcrafting that piece of jewelry, with that specific stone. what is swarovkski zirconia? swarovski zirconia stones are flawless simulated diamonds, with color. the swarovski zirconia stones used in our jewelry are cut to the swarovski pure brilliance standard, which offers the same brightness (brilliance) as the highest brilliance cut tolkowsky diamond. you can choose from 11 different colours to create a totally unique design. is swarovski zirconia the same as swarovski crystal? no, swarovski zirconia is made from zirconia, which shares properties similar to a diamond. crystal is a different material and is not used. vip rewards how do i earn jewls? once you have signed up for the vip rewards program you will receive a welcome bonus of 1,000 jewls! you will earn jewls for every dollar spent when you make a jewlr purchase. where can i use my jewls? you can redeem your jewls for dollars toward purchases at jewlr. how many jewls do i get per dollar? the number of jewls you can earn per dollar spent depends on which level of the vip rewards program you have achieved. at the first level, sapphire, you will earn 10 jewls for every $1 spent. at the next level, ruby, you will earn 12 jewls for every $1 spent. at the highest level, diamond, you will earn 14 jewls for every $1 spent. do i get jewls on orders if i use a discount code? yes, you will still receive jewls for every dollar you spend at jewlr. what can i get with my jewls? once you reach a minimum of 3,000 jewls, you are able to redeem toward purchases at jewlr. what happens to jewls earned if i return my order? the jewls you earned from the returned order will be removed from your account balance. if i return a product that i bought with jewls, do i get my jewls back or do i get money back? your jewls will be returned to your account, and any additional funds you used to purchase your order will be returned in the original form of payment. how do i redeem my jewls? once you reach a minimum of 3,000 jewls, you will have the option to redeem in checkout and apply their value to your order. how do i achieve sapphire status? sapphire is the entry level for vip rewards and can be achieved simply by signing up. sapphire level is for members with up to 4,999 jewls. how do i achieve ruby status? ruby is the second level for vip rewards and can be achieved when you reach 5,000 jewls. how do i achieve diamond status? diamond is the highest level for vip rewards and can be achieved when you reach 8,500 jewls. what do i get with sapphire status? as a sapphire vip rewards member, you will receive 10 (ten) jewls per dollar spent at jewlr, early access to new product launches, and vip-only sales! what do i get with ruby status? as a ruby vip rewards member, you will receive 12 (twelve) jewls per dollar spent at jewlr, early access to new product launches, vip-only sales, free 2-day (two-day) shipping and premium gifts. what do i get with diamond status? as a diamond vip rewards member, you will receive 14 (fourteen) jewls per dollar spent at jewlr, early access to new product launches, vip-only sales, free 2-day (two-day) shipping and premium gifts. what are the rewards? you will be able to redeem your jewls for dollars toward future purchases once you have reached a minimum of 3,000 jewls. are there any limitations to the amount of jewls i can collect? there is no limit to the number of jewls you can earn. do my jewls expire? you have 365 days to redeem your jewls. jewls will expire after 365 days. can i lose my rewards status? you must continue to earn jewls in order to maintain your vip rewards level. if you do not earn any jewls in a 12-month period, your level will automatically reset to sapphire. why can’t i use my jewls? once you have accumulated a minimum of 3,000, jewls you will be able to redeem them for $15 or more off of your order. what happens to jewls earned if i cancel my order? the jewls you received from the cancelled order will be removed from your account balance. can i collect jewls on past purchases? you can only start collecting jewls from the time you sign up and create your vip rewards account. will i get jewls for upgrading my shipping? yes you will! if i pay for an upgrade on my item in the future will i get more jewls? yes you will! do i get jewls for the original price of the item or the sale price? you will earn jewls based on the final price you pay for an item. do i still get jewls on items i buy using jewls? you will receive jewls only on dollars spent. if you redeem jewls toward a purchase, you will only receive jewls for the balance paid after redemption. how do i merge my accounts and balances? accounts cannot be merged. can i use my reward jewls and my friend’s reward jewls on the same order? you will only be able to use your jewls on your own orders within your own vip rewards account. why were my jewls not increased after i purchased something? once your purchase has been completed, your rewards balance will be updated immediately. can i give my jewls to someone else? you will not be able to transfer your jewls between accounts, however, if you would like to purchase a gift for someone else with your jewls, you can do so. do i get jewls for referring someone? we are expanding our vip rewards program to include more features in the future. can i get my entire order free if i have enough jewls? yes, you can pay for your entire order in jewls as long as you meet the minimum spend and the minimum amount of jewls. do i have to spend a minimum amount to use my jewls? you will need to have a minimum spend of $15 in your cart to use your jewls. can i use my jewls from my jewlr.com account if i want the order delivered to a different country? you will only be able to use your jewls on jewlr.com and ship orders to us addresses. can i partake in the program if i purchase jewlr pieces through another website like amazon or etsy? you can only earn vip rewards through jewlr.com when you are signed in to your vip rewards account. can i use my rewards on any other site you can only use your rewards at jewlr referral do you have a referral program? yes, we have a referral program as part of our vip rewards program. the referral program allows our customers to refer their friends and family. in exchange, both parties will receive a $20 reward. how do i find the referral program access to the referral program will be available within your vip rewards account. click here (https://www.jewlr.com/account/referrals) how does the program work? you can refer your friends and family by sharing your personal referral link. those you refer will receive an instant $20 (4000 jewl) reward that they can apply to their first purchase. after the person you referred has completed their purchase, you will receive a $20 (4000 jewl) reward to use towards your next purchase. how do i use my reward? you can see your jewl balance in your vip rewards account and can redeem your jewls for money off of your order during checkout. how many times can i receive a reward for referring someone to jewlr? you can receive up to $100 in rewards by referring others. what if the person i referred cancels their order? the balance of jewls will be reverted to its previous level. do i have to make an account to get the $20 reward? yes, in order to participate in the referral program, you must create an account. is there a fee for this program? no, this program is absolutely free. can i refer myself? no, you can not refer yourself. can i refer someone in another country? no, you will only be able to refer those who live in the same country as you. gift card what is a jewlr gift card? the jewlr gift card is an electronic gift card that can be used to make purchases from our jewlr website. gift cards are available for purchase online here. where can i get the jewlr gift card? the jewlr gift card is available for purchase online at gift cards. can i get it replaced if it’s lost or stolen? if lost or stolen, jewlr cannot offer a replacement or refund for gift cards. can i exchange my gift card for cash? the jewlr gift card will not be returnable or exchangeable for cash (except in states where required by law). can i use my coupon code to purchase an gift card? coupon codes and other discounts may not be used to purchase jewlr gift cards. can i use my canadian jewlr gift card in the u.s. and vice versa? jewlr gift cards must be used in the currency they are given. a $usd card must be used on the us site. does my jewlr gift card expire? the jewlr gift card does not expire. what fees are charged to my jewlr gift card? no fees are charged to your jewlr gift card. how can i protect myself from fraud when purchasing a jewlr gift card? jewlr gift cards can only be purchased only from jewlr.com. we do not authorize any websites or individuals to sell the jewlr gift card on our behalf, and discourage you from purchasing gift cards from these unauthorized sources. jewlr is not responsible for any issues you experience with jewlr gift cards not purchased directly from our website. what happens if i don't have enough money on my jewlr gift card to pay for my purchases? the balance of your jewlr gift card can be put towards your purchase and the remainder can be paid by credit card or paypal. why is my balance different than i thought? it's possible that you've forgotten a visit or purchase. you can check your card's remaining balance online at jewlr.com or by calling 1-866-610-8482. can i redeem my card for cash? the value remaining on a jewlr gift card may not be redeemed for cash unless required by law. gift card use how do i use my jewlr gift card? to use your jewlr gift card, simply go to www.jewlr.com and personalize the item you wish to purchase. once you are finished personalizing the item, add it to cart and then go to check-out. review your purchase. if everything is as you expect, enter your gift card # in the gift card field. whatever balance remains on your gift card will be applied to your purchase. if there is a positive balance on the gift card you will be able to apply that to another purchase in the future. if there are insufficient funds on the gift card for the purchase, then the amount on the gift card will be applied to the purchase and you can submit the balance using any one of our other payment methods. each time you use the jewlr gift card, the amount of your purchase will be deducted from the balance remaining. how can i check the balance on my jewlr gift card? you can check your card's remaining balance online at jewlr.com or by calling 1-866-610-8482. can i use multiple gift cards to make one purchase? yes, you can use multiple gift cards in one purchase. in the order summary of the secure checkout you will be able to enter each card one at a time until the cart is at a zero balance or until you have no more money on your gift card. if i send a gift card to someone else, how will i know they’ve received it? you will receive a confirmation email once the order for the gift card has been processed, and the recipient will receive an email based on the delivery option you selected. if the recipient has a filter on their email, please advise them to add jewlr.com to their recipients whitelist or have the recipient check their filtered email. what happens if the recipient didn't receive their gift card in their inbox? the recipient will receive the email based on the delivery option you selected and you will receive a confirmation email of your order. if the recipient has a filter on their email, please add jewlr.com to the recipients white list or have the recipient check their filtered email. start shopping shop rings shop pendants shop name necklaces shop men's rings shop bracelets free shipping free gift with purchase free resizing 99-day returns one-year warranty made in usa & canada subscribe > faq > shipping information > ring sizing > 99-day return policy > one-year warranty > subscribe to newsletter > faq > ring sizing > 99-day return policy > about us > why choose jewlr > company > customer reviews how jewlr works press terms and conditions privacy policy corporate sales learn > faq how it's made vip rewards swarovski gemstones™ diamond & 4cs packaging jewlr gift cards the jahnavi mala project ordering > shipping information ring sizing 99-day return policy one-year warranty free gift jewelry certificate international orders payment plans change country > usa canada australia europe france germany netherlands spain united kingdom customer care 1-866-610-8482 monday to friday 9am to 5:30pm est need help? company about us why choose jewlr customer reviews press terms and conditions privacy policy corporate sales ordering ring sizing shipping information 99-day return policy one-year warranty free gift jewelry certificate international orders payment plans learn faq how it's made vip rewards swarovski gemstones™ diamond & 4cs packaging jewlr gift cards the jahnavi mala project change country us ca au eu fr de nl es uk stay connected copyright © 2019 jewlr. all rights reserved. top need to give a gift today? order now instantly receive the certificate print & present order today and instantly receive a link to a personalized jewelry certificate. simply print it and present to your loved one. your custom made personalized item will arrive shortly thereafter. close how to find your ring size shipping information buy 2 or more items for extra savings during our father's day sale! receive 5% off when you buy 2 items receive 10% off when you buy 3 or more items discount is applied automatically in your cart discount is valid with other promo codes and on mega deals items *excludes large center diamonds in the one & only engagement collection, personalized boxes, gift wrap and cart specials.