来源URL: https://web.archive.org/web/20181229150938/https://www.jewlr.com/info/why_choose_jewlr
================================================================================

why choose jewlr | jewlr extra 20% off | use code: weekend20 1.5m + extra 20% off | use code: weekend20 free delivery on all orders! 99-day returns one-year warranty sign in account my account my cart my wish list my orders sign in sign out my cart 0 make every moment sparkle rings bridal pendants name necklaces mens jewellery collections gifts what's new sale sign in my orders sign out my orders shop the sale rings back rings collection mother's promise for her promise for him engagement couples cage birthstone mens family celtic & claddagh reversible flip rings princess rings pinky promise collection style cage infinity claddagh celtic knot heart stackable halo cocktail vintage cluster bridal back bridal collection bridal collection engagement two stone engagement bridal sets cluster wedding bands for her wedding bands for him bridesmaids anniversary pendants back pendants categories mother's cage name necklaces monogram necklaces reversible flip pendants zodiac pendants family tree birthstone promise men's necklaces eyeglass holder necklaces style heart infinity crosses key disc photo vintage name necklaces back name necklaces collection name collection monogram collection bar initial hearts inspirational name bracelets mens back mens collection all rings promise rings wedding bands tungsten rings celtic & claddagh rings cufflinks engravable cufflinks tie bars money clips keychains cufflink collections star wars star trek marvel disney nfl nba mlb ncaa nhl necklaces all dog tags crosses engravable jewellery back jewellery rings mother's promise for her promise for him engagement couples cage birthstone mens family celtic & claddagh reversible flip rings pendants mother's cage name necklaces monogram necklaces reversible flip pendants zodiac pendants family tree birthstone promise men's necklaces eyeglass holder necklaces bracelets all name bracelets infinity heart charm earrings all studs disc huggie jacket charms all animals mother's flowers sports music cage graduation engraved collections back collections bridal collection cage collection name collection monogram collection celtic & claddagh collection heart collection infinity collection push presents statement collection pinky promise collection reversible flip rings princess leaves of love religious collection birthstone collection mala collection star collection yoga collection pearl collection new items best sellers quick ship pineapple unicorn eyeglass holder necklaces modern romance vintage cluster gifts back gifts for her girlfriend promise rings princess cut heart push presents for family mum for him for daughter grandmother mother daughter sisters couples family rings family tree pendants birthstone collection occasion engagement wedding bands bridesmaids anniversary push presents graduation religious jewlr gift cards what's new back what's new collection new items summer styles new stories company about us press terms and conditions we care about your privacy learn frequently asked questions how it's made swarovski gemstones™ personalised charms packaging gift card recipient the jahnavi mala project ordering ring sizing delivery information return policy warranty information free gift jewellery certificate international orders change country germany usa canada australia europe france netherlands spain united kingdom need help? chat email extra 20% off | use code: weekend20 | free delivery to ensure our customers have the best virtual shopping experience possible, jewlr.com uses javascript. please enable javascript on your browser to continue shopping. for further information or assistance, please email customerservice@jewlr.com. to ensure our customers have the best virtual shopping experience possible, jewlr.com uses cookies. please enable cookies on your browser to continue shopping. for further information or assistance, please email customerservice@jewlr.com. why choose jewlr about us why choose jewlr customer reviews blog press terms and conditions privacy policy jewellery that shows how you feel have you ever created your own personalised jewellery? it makes giving so much more real when you actually chose every part of the piece you’re giving to that special someone. then you can say that it truly came from the heart. we know that you’re not buying just a piece of jewellery – you’re trying to put how you feel into something that goes beyond words. that’s why you need something completely unique. something that no one else has ever received. a one in a million gift. with a personalised piece, you will combine stones, metal and engravings of any colour and style you desire. choose birthstones to represent loved ones, or pick their favourite stone. decide on a style and metal to match their taste and your budget. preserve memorable dates, precious names or special messages. "we know that you’re not buying just a piece of jewellery – you’re trying to put how you feel into something that goes beyond words." why choose jewlr we believe that to succeed as a leading online jewellery store, we have to give our customers what they are looking for: great value on quality items great customer service great product variety and choice easy risk-free shopping experience, fast and free delivery we are able to deliver on these desirables by creating a unique store built on the latest technology and innovative manufacturing. we can guarantee that our prices are the lowest because we do not have the overhead of a brick and mortar retail store. our innovative order management process ensures that we do not have to warehouse or hold costly inventory. our customer service department uses advanced messaging and live communication tools to ensure that we are able to respond to our customers as soon as practical. included with every order free delivery to almost all locations in the usa, canada, europe, united kingdom and australia free resizing on almost all of our rings free gift of your choice certificate of authenticity packaged for gifting jewlr ring box jewellery care tips top 6 reasons to shop at jewlr nothing says it like personalised jewellery. and there is no place better than jewlr to get it made, for these 5 simple reasons: 1 online personalisation is now incredibly easy anyone can create customised jewellery with jewlr, because our website is the best of its kind – even if we do say so ourselves. we’ve taken 3d technology from the movie industry to show you exactly what your design is going to look like even before it’s made. you can choose any font and see it instantly engraved on a ring, for example. just click and select your stones. choose the metal and see how it looks. simply follow the step-by-step instructions and see the jewellery take shape. even if you never end up buying it, it’s still great fun to do. 2 outstanding handcrafted quality buying online doesn’t mean buying cheap. all our items are handmade by professional craftsmen in the usa and canada. you decide on the materials. splurge on gold and diamonds or create an affordable silver ring with brilliant simulated diamonds made from swarovski cubic zirconia. depending on your choice of metals, stones and engravings the same style can cost a few hundred or a few thousand dollars. 3 fast creation, fast free delivery and gift-ready packaging once you’ve finished your design, our jewellers will get to work. they will ship in as little as 3 days and we offer free fast delivery to us, canada, europe and australia. optional overnight delivery is available at a low cost. when your order arrives it’s ready for giving. it will be in an elegant box with a certificate of authenticity, a free gift and your personal message. 4 it’s cheaper to buy directly from us how can we sell at such a low price? because we only sell online and don’t have the overheads of expensive retail stores. we’ve also cut out the middle man and pass on the savings to you. what’s more, we are a bulk buyer of raw materials so get a lower price than a local artisan, while still producing handcrafted designs. all this means is that you can buy custom made items for less than the price of mass-market jewellery produced in asia. now that’s win-win. 5 security, service and satisfaction guarantees jewellery and customer service are our twin passions. we take pride in every piece we produce and want you and your loved ones to be as happy with it as we are. every item is hand made and inspected multiple times during the manufacturing process. we also provide a 1 year warranty on all items and you can return any item – even engraved ones – within 99-days for a full refund of the purchase price. we’ll even provide one free resizing of any ring (north america only). service is our pleasure. you can contact us by phone, email or live chat at any time. we are one of the biggest online jewellery retailers, delivery tens of thousands of items every year. let our customers speak for themselves: see our 5 star reviews at resellerratings, how we were voted most innovative retailer in canada and how our customers regularly tell us how much they appreciate what we’ve done. not to mention countless features in newspapers and magazines, including oprah and parenting magazine. security is assured when you order with us. we are members of the bbb, jewellery industry associations and our online security is regularly audited by industry watchdogs verisign, trustwave and authorize.net. we never store your credit card number and offer full guarantees for every order. 6 free gift as part of a special new promotion, we’re giving away a free gift with every order – no strings attached. this gift is our way of saying thank you for shopping with jewlr. all gifts are subject to availability. start shopping shop rings shop pendants shop name necklaces shop men's rings shop bracelets become a jewlr vip andreceive exclusive discounts let's keep in touch man woman we're proud of our reviews "i love all the choices and options to customize! it made the experience fun and nice..." - cj "my ring was just as beautiful as the woman i gave it to!" - kristen t. "great choices at very affordable prices. love it!!" - kenny m. "the experience was simple and went smoothly! what a great way to shop." - james f. free delivery on all orders! free gift with purchase with purchase 99-day returns one-year warranty made in usa & canada faq delivery information ring sizing 99-day return policy one-year warranty get in touch chat email need help? about us jewellery has been an integral part of fashion, life and love since before the middle ages. in today's modern society, the internet has changed the way we live our lives. whether it is the way we communicate at work, keep in touch with friends and family, or how we shop for goods and services, the online experience has enriched our lives. in 2009 a team of internet entrepreneurs decided that it was time to take the jewellery shopping experience to the next level by using the latest advancements in manufacturing and web technology to create a totally new way of buying and creating jewellery. our goal was to create an extraordinary online experience that gave shoppers the unique ability to create and visualize, in real time, rings, pendants, charms, and earrings, personalised to their exact requirements. every style would be available in multiple metals, and every stone could be chosen from a wide selection of diamonds, birthstones, gemstones and swarovksi zirconia. additionally, we would use laser engraving techniques to engrave names, messages, dates and other sentimental expressions to every item, to complete the personalised experience. finally, the custom items would be manufactured in north america, in just a few days, and shipped directly to customers. we recognized that to succeed we had to create unique designs, offer items that were value priced, have a no hassle return policy and we had to provide superb personalised customer support. since our humble beginnings we have grown to be one of the largest online jeweler. we have tens of thousands of happy customers and we have delivered on our goal to provide an exceptional jewellery shopping experience. every jewlr item is packaged in our signature jewlr box and packaging. we offer fast free delivery to our customers in north america, europe and australia and a no risk, no stress policy that allows returns up to 99 days after delivery. every item comes with a stunning free gift as a small token of our appreciation. why choose jewlr have you ever created your own personalised jewellery? it makes giving so much more real when you actually chose every part of the piece you’re giving to that special someone. then you can say that it truly came from the heart. we know that you’re not buying just a piece of jewellery – you’re trying to put how you feel into something that goes beyond words. that’s why you need something completely unique. something that no one else has ever received. a one in a million gift. with a personalised piece, you will combine stones, metal and engravings of any colour and style you desire. choose birthstones to represent loved ones, or pick their favourite stone. decide on a style and metal to match their taste and your budget. preserve memorable dates, precious names or special messages. company customer reviews how jewlr works press terms and conditions privacy policy corporate sales learn faq how it's made hallmark swarovski gemstones™ charm info packaging jewlr gift cards the jahnavi mala project ordering delivery information one-year warranty 99-day return policy one-year warranty free gift jewellery certificate international orders change country germany usa canada australia europe france netherlands spain united kingdom customer care need help? company about us why choose jewlr customer reviews press terms and conditions privacy policy corporate sales ordering ring sizing delivery information 99-day return policy one-year warranty free gift jewellery certificate international orders learn faq how it's made hallmark swarovski gemstones™ charm info packaging jewlr gift cards the jahnavi mala project change country de us ca au eu fr nl es uk stay connected copyright © 2018 jewlr. all rights reserved. top need to give a gift today? order now instantly receive the certificate print & present order today and instantly receive a link to a personalised jewellery certificate. simply print it and present to your loved one. your custom made personalised item will arrive shortly thereafter. close send a hint! code: weekend20 get an additional 20% off the listed price promotions are subject to change without notice sign in sign in to your account to check on your order status. we will never post without your permission! or remember me sign in forgot your password? please note that you do not need to create an account in order to purchase from jewlr. an account will automatically be created for you once you place an order. the account details, including username and password, will be sent to you along with your order confirmation.<