来源URL: https://web.archive.org/web/20211217112343/https://www.jewlr.com/info/vip_terms_conditions
================================================================================

personalized jewelry, mothers rings, name necklaces, promise rings, birthstone jewelry, engagement rings, wedding bands, infinity rings, men’s rings | jewlr holiday sale on now! up to 60% off retailengagement rings on sale! up to 35% off retailfree shipping on all orders | 99-day returnsholiday sale on now! up to 60% off retailengagement rings on sale! up to 35% off retailfree shipping on all orders | 99-day returns1.6m +1-866-610-8482us holiday sale on now! up to 60% off retailengagement rings on sale! up to 35% off retailfree shipping on all orders | 99-day returnsholiday sale on now! up to 60% off retailengagement rings on sale! up to 35% off retailfree shipping on all orders | 99-day returns1.6m +1-866-610-8482uswomen'smen'sengagementweddinggiftscollectionsnew itemsgift guideholiday sale sign innew itemsbest sellersholiday saleholiday gift guidewomen'smen'sengagementweddinggiftscollectionschange countryusacanadaaustraliaunited kingdom companyabout uspressterms and conditionsvip terms and conditionswe care about your privacy learnfrequently asked questionshow it's madevip rewardsgemstonespackaginggift card recipient orderingring sizingshipping informationreturn policywarranty informationfree giftinstant giftpayment plans1-866-610-8482monday to friday9am to 8pm estsaturday and sunday9am to 5:30pm estneed help?callchatemailholiday sale on now! up to 60% off retailengagement rings on sale! up to 35% off retailfree shipping on all orders | 99-day returnsholiday sale on now! up to 60% off retailengagement rings on sale! up to 35% off retailfree shipping on all orders | 99-day returnsto ensure our customers have the best virtual shopping experience possible, jewlr.com uses javascript. please enable javascript on your browser to continue shopping. for further information or assistance, please call 1-866-610-8482 or email help@jewlr.comvip terms and conditionsgeneral1.1 overviewthese terms and conditions ("terms and conditions") govern "jewlrvip loyalty program", a loyalty program offered by jewlr (the "company", "us", "our" or "we") . the program is accessible through www.jewlr.com (the "program website") and any other related sites. to become a member ("member") of the program but you must establish an account in order to participate and earn rewards. no purchase is necessary.a member will earn jewls in connection with the purchase of qualifying online products ("eligible purchases") and online activities. these jewls are redeemable on the same site towards the purchase of certain offers online, benefits and/or rebates offered by the companymembers acquire no vested right or entitlement to the continued availability of any particular reward, benefit or redemption level.1.2 terms and conditions the terms and conditions set forth herein (the "terms & conditions", and together with jewlr terms and conditions set for on the company website, the explainer page and any other terms accessible through any of the foregoing, collectively the "program terms") govern the program. the company in its sole discretion can, restrict, suspend, amend, extend or otherwise alter the program terms at any time and without prior notice. if the program terms have been updated, the company will post the new program terms on the website and note the date that they were last updated. we encourage members to review the program terms each time they use the program.1.3 acceptanceby using or enrolling in the program, you accept and agree to be bound by these terms and conditions.program membership2.1 membership enrollmentmembership is free and no initial purchase is required. to become a valid member, you must complete the enrolment process at https://www.jewlr.com/signup by providing complete and accurate information and indicating your acceptance of the program terms. after completion, you will have a member account. please see our privacy policy, located here, to understand how information you provide will be used. this program is void where prohibited.2.2 passwords and security in order to enroll in the program, you will have have an account with us and provide one or more names, email addresses, login usernames and passwords (together, "id"). you are responsible for maintaining the confidentiality of your id. you agree not to use the id of any third party or disclose your id to any third party. you are responsible for any and all activity that occurs on your account. if you suspect any unauthorized use of your account, you must notify us immediately. you agree to provide us with correct and complete account information at all times and inform us of any changes to the information you have provided. we will keep your id confidential. only one jewlr rewards account ("account") is permitted per person.2.3 change information; suspension rights; capacitymembers are responsible to update their account immediately if there is any change to their address or other contact information. the company will not be responsible for any communication not received by a member, provided that the company sent such communication to the address or other contact information then on file from such member. to make any changes or update to your contact information you can do so here.2.4 suspension rights; capacityif the company determines that a member has abused any of the program’s privileges, fails to comply with any of the program terms, or makes any misrepresentation to the company the company may, in its sole discretion, take such actions as it deems appropriate, including without limitation, suspending such member’s privileges under the program, revoking any or all of the jewls in such member’s account, and/or revoking the member’s membership in the program, in each case, with or without advance notice to the member and without liability to the company.jewls will not be awarded if in the company’s reasonable opinion the merchandise purchased will be used for resale or commercial use and any jewls awarded on such purchases will be forfeited. if a member was awarded jewls for an offer or promotion in which a member purchased product(s) in excess of reasonable quantities, the jewls awarded as a result of that offer or promotion may be forfeited without prior notice and the account may be suspended or closed. unless further restricted elsewhere in the program terms, membership is only available to (i) individuals above the age of majority and who have legal capacity, have internet access, a valid email address and have a valid mailing address. if a member does not meet the requirements set out above, all jewls awarded to such member may be forfeited without prior notice and the account may be suspended or closed.2.5 inactive accounts and unused jewls a member account is deemed to be inactive if jewls are not earned in connection with such account for 12 months. once an account is deemed to be inactive, all jewls in such account may, in the company's sole discretion, be deemed to have been forfeited by such member, with or without notice.jewls will expire after 365 days.2.6 securityif a member's jewls are used by any other person, all jewls relating to purchases made by such other person will be credited to the same member account. the company assumes no liability or responsibility for jewls redeemed by any person(s) prior to a notification to the company's customer service centre that the member account has been compromised. any jewls redeemed prior to notification shall be at the member’s risk.reward jewls3.1 collection; redemption jewls can be earned by members in connection with qualifying purchases through the company online website as set forth on www.jewlr.com/vip-rewards, regardless of method of payment provided that the member is logged in at the time of purchase.jewls can be redeemed for rewards in the country and currency in which they were earned only. when enough jewls have been accumulated to be eligible to be redeemed, redemption may occur online during checkout as long as you are logged in. the redemption schedule, available rewards and other information is available on at www.jewlr.com/vip-rewards.a member must be logged in when redeeming jewls to protect the integrity of the member’s balance. each member is responsible to ensure that all personal information is correct and up-to-date and the company reserves the right to block redemptions where the member information is inaccurate or incomplete. members are solely and entirely responsible for keeping their account secure.the minimum number of jewls eligible for redemption is 3000 jewls.the maximum jewls to be used on any one transaction is 80000 jewls.3.2 valuejewls have no cash value and are not exchangeable for cash. the accumulation of jewls does not entitle a member to any vested rights, and the company does not guarantee in any way the continued availability of any reward, redemption level, rebate or any other benefit. the company assumes no liability to members as regards the addition or deletion of items from or for which jewls can be collected and/or redeemed.3.3 transferabilityjewls cannot be assigned, exchanged, traded, bartered, purchased or given by gift or otherwise sold. any jewls so acquired are void. for the avoidance of doubt, such prohibited transfers include transfers upon operation or law upon the death of a member.3.4 return/exchange policy in the event of a return/exchange of any eligible purchase that initially earned jewls, such jewls will be deducted automatically from the account that was used for the eligible purchase. jewls will be deducted at the same rate as they were earned. upon the return and/or exchange of products awarded through the redemption of jewls, all redeemed jewls will be forfeited.3.5 promotion from time to time, the company may advertise or offer exclusive offers to select members to redeem jewls for items other than a discount reward, or receive other benefits or discounts.privacy4.1 confidential information we are committed to protecting your privacy. we will maintain the privacy and security of all personal information collected from members, including, but not limited to: name, address, email address, telephone numbers.("personal information"). you understand that through your use of the program, you consent to the collection and use of this information. as part of providing you the program, we may need to provide you with certain communications, such as service announcements and administrative messages. these communications are considered part of the program and your account.4.2 unsubscribe by sharing your email address and as an active customer and member, we and/or our service providers may communicate to you special offers, services, promotions and program information. you can unsubscribe from receiving such messages at any time by clicking unsubscribe at the bottom of any promotional email.general5.1 acceptance by participating in the program, each member (i) certifies that he or she is over the age of majority in the state or province in which he or she resides (or is supervised by a parent or legal guardian who agrees to the program terms) and of mental capacity (or is supervised by a legal guardian who agrees to the program terms), (ii) consents to the company’s collection and use of certain personal information, except as he or she may otherwise notify the company and (iii) agrees to the program terms, as they may be amended from time to time.5.2 other termsthese terms & conditions are in addition to any other program terms, and shall be read together with such other program terms as one and the same instrument; provided, that if there is a conflict between any terms set forth in these terms and conditions, the program website, the explainer page and/or any other program terms, such conflict shall be resolved as follows: first, the explainer page shall prevail, thereafter these terms & conditions, thereafter the program website and finally any other program terms. for the avoidance of doubt, in the event of any action, proceeding or other dispute arising from or relating to any program terms, such dispute shall be settled in accordance with the provisions and procedures set forth in these terms & conditions.5.3 abuse any abuse by a member of the program’s privileges, any failure by a member to follow these terms and conditions, or any misrepresentation by a member may subject the member to expulsion from the program, including forfeiture of all accumulated jewls.5.4 abuse every effort has been made to ensure that the information herein is correct. the company is not responsible for any errors or omissions in printed copies of these terms and conditions nor those published from time to time on its website. any waiver by the company of the strict observance, performance or compliance by a member with any of the terms and conditions contained herein, either expressly granted or by course of conduct, shall be effective only in the specific instance and shall not be deemed to be a waiver of any rights or remedies of the company as a result of any other failure to observe, perform or comply with the terms and conditions. no delay or omission by the company in exercising any right or remedy hereunder shall operate as waiver thereof or of any other right or remedy.in the event that any provision in these terms and conditions is determined to be invalid, illegal, or unenforceable, such determination shall not affect the validity and enforceability of any other remaining provisions of these terms and conditions.5.5 contact if you have any questions about these terms and conditions or if you wish to provide any feedback with respect to the program, please contact us at: rewards@jewlr.comsubscribe to our emails and save 10%get your code!get your code!companyabout uswhy choose jewlrcustomer reviewsgiving backcorporate salespressterms and conditionsprivacy policycovid-19 updateorderingshipping information99-day return policywarranty infofree giftjewlr gift cardsvip rewardsinstant giftpayment planslearnfaqhow it's madering sizingchains informationpackaginggemstonesdiamond & 4cscustomer careorder help pagecontact usmonday to friday9am to 8pm estsaturday and sunday9am to 5:30pm est1-866-610-8482contact uschange country usunited statesstay connectedcopyright © 2021 jewlr. all rights reserved.