来源URL: https://web.archive.org/web/20241227014611/https://www.diamondcandles.com/pages/faq
================================================================================

faq – diamond candles skip to content close menu candles christmas candles sale 21 oz. candles bath bombs luxe collection candles boutique collection candles 12 oz. candles occasions candles i do collection diamond candles x hannah dubberly long diamond candles x pretty in pink wax melts all products christmas candles sale bath bombs wax melts all products gift cards ring reveal about us log in instagram facebook tiktok cart close cart shop now. pay in 4 interest-free installments. free shipping on orders over $50 in the continental us during busy seasons, orders will typically ship out within 1 to 4 business days. search site navigation log in search cart candles christmas candles sale 21 oz. candles bath bombs luxe collection candles boutique collection candles 12 oz. candles occasions candles i do collection diamond candles x hannah dubberly long diamond candles x pretty in pink wax melts all products christmas candles sale bath bombs wax melts all products gift cards ring reveal about us search "close (esc)" view more frequently asked questions candles can a candle cause an allergic reaction? we use a combination of essential and synthetic fragrance oils to create our exclusive scents. as much as possible, we try to use essential oils to make the majority of our fragrances. in fact, all of our scents include essential fragrance oils, but to create a scent like carnival candy for example, we need to include some synthetic ingredients to create a scent reminiscent of the state fair. all of of our fragrances are paraben and phthalate free. if you have a known allergy to a specific ingredient, such as cinnamon, that is triggered by skin contact or inhalation, burning a cinnamon tea candle might irritate your allergies. please read the fragrance notes in the description for each candle to determine if it contains any items that you know bother your allergies. our ring candles are made with natural soy wax and an exclusive blend of fragrances. our production facility in roxboro, nc does not use nuts or products made from them. our candles do not contain nuts or ingredients that are made with them. candle burning and care tips properly burning your candle is essential.  we design these candles with safety in mind and put a warning as well as instructions on the base of every diamond candle. here are a few tips to ensure the safety of your family and home: never leave a candle unattended.  this is not specific to diamond candles candles.  your home and your family is number one.  if you leave, be sure you put your candles out first! do not leave your candle within reach of pets or children.  with scented candles pets can become curious and want to eat it, if they get close they may knock over the candle which is not only a disaster for your upholstery but has the potential of catching anything it falls into on fire. along the same lines, children are curious and for their safety and your own please keep it out of their reach. do not burn your candle next to or on something that can easily catch fire.  do not place your candle on a cardboard box, do not burn your candle with paper leaning on the side, so not burn your candle next to the wall or near drapes/curtains.  it is best to burn your candle on a flat surface that has at least several inches between your candle and any other item. do not burn a candle that has been cracked or broken. keep the candle free of any debris.  this means keep those used matches and wick trimming out of the candle.  they can catch on fire and cause an unsafe burn. never burn a candle for longer than 4 hours.  after 4 hours you should extinguish the flame and allow the wax to settle before trimming the wick and re-lighting.  if you burn a candle for longer than 4 hours the wick will continue getting longer and burn with an unsafe flame length that could cause blackening on the jar and overheating issues. always burn your candle on a candle holder or plate.  candle jars can get hot. a hot jar on a counter or surface can leave a mark.  be sure to have something between your candle and the counter it is sitting on. do not pick up a jar after a recent burn.  you should allow it to cool for a few minutes before moving it as the jar may be hot. do not burn a candle lower than 1/4 inch from the bottom. these are just a few safety tips that help maintain a safe environment for your candle burning needs. remember these other useful tips for caring for your candle: - you should burn your candle for a minimum of one hour each burn.  constant "short burns" could cause tunneling. - you should keep your wick trimmed to about 1/4 inch above the wax level.  trim after each use. - you should not extinguish the flame with the lid or water. - you should stop use when the wax level reaches about 1/4 inch. burning that last bit of wax is not safe, there is nothing to contain the heat and the jar will get very hot very fast. any issues? report within 60 days of purchase date. we at diamond candles stand behind our product.  if any issue should arise with your candle you must contact us within 60 days of the date of purchase to report said issue. "issue" is a generalization of any problem (ordering, burning, shipping, scent, etc) if you do not contact us within 60 days we may not be able to assist you. credit card companies and paypal will not allow any refunds beyond 60 days from date of purchase. shipping charges are non-refundable. my candle wick won't seem to light, what should i do? if the wax level seems like it is too high, you can use a hair dryer to melt the top of the wax and then drain the wax until it is slightly below the wick. if that doesn't seem to be the problem, sometimes the wax may build up on the wick and you might just have to hold the lighter on the wick a little longer. if you have any further problems do not hesitate to contact customer service and you will be taken care of. my candle was broken when it was delivered, what do i do? oh no!!!  we don't like to hear about a candle being broken upon delivery.  if you have received a broken candle we require photos of it and may ask for pictures of the packaging and /or the box it was shipped in. we cannot help you if we cannot get pictures of the broken candle.  we advise you to not throw anything away until you have a new order in route or until a refund is processed. once you take a few pictures email them to help@diamondcandles.com with a brief message letting us know the scent and any additional details you feel are relevant.  we will reply back with additional instructions. please note: candles that have been lit will not be replaced. rings can i choose what size ring i get in my candle? yes! your candle includes two rings. one can be found right under the candle lid, and we offer the option to select a size for this ring, between sizes 5-10. plus buried in your candle, you will receive a surpise ring and ringreveal for a chance to win a ring valued at $100, $1000 or $5000! wax ended up on my ring, what do i do? have no fear! sometimes when you reveal your ring some wax may get on it.  if this happens there are a couple ways that we have found, as well as other customers, to prove useful in removing the wax from the ring. 1) you can boil some water, pour it in a cup and swirl the ring around in the cup using tweezers or a spoon.  2) you can use an old toothbrush and some toothpaste.  just brush it around on the ring and then rinse it clean.  this is also a neat way to polish up that old looking jewelry. there are many ways to remove the wax, these are just the top two that we find most useful!  if you have another suggestion that has worked for you feel free to let us know :) where is my ring? the ring you selected a size for will be right under the candle lid, on top of the wax. your surprise ring will buried in the candle, secured to the inside of the jar. if your candle label is clear, your will see a gold or silver sticker indicating where your ring is. please be patient and allow your candle to burn evenly and safely down to where your ring is.  if you dig for your ring you may end up damaging it as well as causing your candle to burn unevenly or tunnel. luxe ring candles will not have a an indicator.  the ring will be found in the middle of the candle rather than on the side. please avoid digging, patience is a virtue. =) can't find a ring in my candle? there is a ring in every single ring candle that we pour. if you have burned your candle down to the level where the ring should be (denoted by the gold marker on the side of every ring diamond candle) and it is not there that simply means that it has fallen to the bottom of the candle. you will have to work a little harder and be patient this time around to find your ring. we discourage digging for the ring as you may damage it. how can you put rings in every diamond candle ring candle? is diamond candles a scam? how can we afford to put nice rings inside every diamond candles ring candle? we are most definitely a legitimate company and are here to stay. think about it like this, have you ever seen ads for a detergent company on television? ad space during 'prime time' at night is extremely expensive. where do they get that money from to do that?  the money they make when they sell their products is reinvested back into the company by getting more customers and selling more products. instead of us spending money on tv commercials, we take part of the money that we make from each candle sale and put a ring inside every full sized ring candle. obviously we can't put a $1,000 ring in each ring candle, but because we buy so many rings, we get discounts just like a jewelry store would. need to see it to believe it?  head on over to our facebook page and just ask our fans and see the pictures they have uploaded of the rings they have found.. why is my candle frosty? candles made with natural soy wax can sometimes appear frosty; this is normal  and can be expected with natural ingredients. payment how do i change my order? an order can be changed, however, there is a very small amount of time that this can be done.  you see, once an order is submitted and the billing is processed the order is sent to one of our three warehouses for packaging and shipping. to change an order you will need to contact our customer support team by clicking the link at the top of this page.  to help speed things along write in from the email address that made the order.  in your help your request be sure to include your order number. we can change or update the following: - the shipping address - candle scents by, swapping, adding, or removing - add a coupon code if it was forgotten we are not able to change or update the billing information. paypal processed orders will be limited to same priced candle swaps. how do i cancel an order? to cancel an order you will need to contact our customer support team by clicking the link at the top of this page. an order can be cancelled, however, there is a very small window of opportunity to do so.  you see, once an order is submitted, the billing is processed and it is sent over to one of our three warehouses for packaging and shipping. an order that is split between our warehouses will take longer to process. should you wish to cancel an order please give your order number to our cs team.  to help speed your request you'll want to write in with the same email address that your order was created with. once an order has been sent to our shipping partners the order cannot be cancelled. you will not need to cancel your order if you have simply forgotten to add your coupon code.  when you write to us please provide the coupon code and if it is valid when the order was made we can apply it.  remember, only one coupon code per order. how do i use my voucher code? vouchers and coupons can be entered into the check out or cart pages.  look for the coupon box located in the right side of the screen in the cart page or on the top of the billing details on the checkout page.  all vouchers, coupons, and groupon codes can be entered there. each promotional voucher will have its own set of rules and expire dates.  these rules will be written in the voucher, the groupon promotion, or given with the coupon code. we do not accept coupons found at third party websites.  the best way to receive a coupon or voucher is through a diamond candles promotion or by subscribing to our news letter. what forms of payment do you accept? we accept the following payment methods: visamastercarddiscoverpaypal what is your return policy? candles are eligible for return if the wick has not been burned, broken, or altered in any way. returns are accepted if we are contacted within 7 days upon delivery of the order. shipping is not refundable. customer is responsible for return shipping charges; return shipping fees are not refundable. we do not provide return shipping labels. please contact our customer support team if you have any questions! gift cards can i get a refund on a gift card? gift cards are non-refundable. receipt of purchase must be provided to redeem gift cards. do i need to use the entire amount of the gift card in a single purchase? yes, the entire amount of a gift card must be used within a single purchase. gift cards do not expire. receipt of purchase must be provided to redeem gift cards. shipping how much does shipping cost? shipping options shipping for our retail customers: standard   (5-10 business days) expedited $9.95 for 1 item, plus additional charges per additional item varies by service and location shipping for our wholesale customers varies by weight, service and location. business days (shipping days) are counted monday through friday.  generally, packages are delivered during the week.  in some locations usps will deliver packages on saturdays and during the holidays in limited areas the shipping companies will deliver on sunday. diamond candles uses multiple carriers interchangeably. orders generally ship out from our warehouse within 1-2 business days of you placing an order. during busy seasons, it could take 2-4 business days (excluding holidays) for your order to be processed and packed before being shipped.  standard shipping is 5-10 days in transit after order ships. po boxes we do ship to po boxes, but we cannot ship expedited to po boxes, only standard shipping is available for po boxes. shipping to alaska and hawaiiwe do ship to alaska and hawaii, however additional shipping charges will apply and delivery may take longer. this charge covers the additional postage and handling required to ship to these locations. apo shipping apo shipping is available. only standard shipping is available for any apo orders. tracking information you will receive tracking information once your order has been entered into the mail stream by the carrier. when you receive your tracking number and check the carrier's site, it may show as 'package not found'. your package tracking will update within 24 - 48 hours of you receiving your tracking number. ordering more than one candle based upon availability and current shipping load, if you are ordering more than one candle you may receive your candles in multiple shipments and possibly different days.  if you receive a package with only part of your order, please give it another 24-48 hours to receive a second shipment.  if nothing further comes please alert our customer support team. i am missing a candle(s) in my delivery! if you are missing one or more of your candles inside your order then we may have shipped your order in two shipments to get your candles to you faster. please do not contact us about a missing candle in your order until it is outside the allotted shipping times of 1-2 days to ship and 3-5 business days to arrive after being shipped. if it is after the stated latest day of arrival for your order please contact us and we will look into your order as soon as possible. i received the wrong candle in the mail, what do i do? if you accidentally received the wrong candle then let us know and we will make sure you are taken care of. please send an email through to customer service and we will work out the details with you. if possible include a picture of the candle received and your order number. can i change my shipping address after i place my order? unfortunately, there is a very short window from the time we receive your order and the time it is processing at the warehouse. once it hits the warehouse processing window we cannot make any changes to your order. as soon as you notice any issue with your order you should notify us immediately. when you submit your ticket please include "change address" in the title to ensure it get's expedited to be answered sooner rather than later. if the mistake is very minor, such as a typo or failure to include an apartment number, the shipper will often be able to correct the mistake. if not, the order will more than likely be shipped back to us. from there, we can correct the address and get it back out to you. you can follow the tracking information and hopefully it will get redirected to you if it was just a minor error. if it wasn't then hopefully it will be refused at the delivery point and returned to sender so we can at that point use that credit to send it out to the proper address. contact us if you have any further questions. ring reveal how does it work? please visit the ring reveal website!  the link can be found if you click here. discover: inside each ring candle, you'll discover a pouch with a dazzling fashion ring plus a ringreveal slip. reveal: follow the instructions on your ringreveal slip to reveal if you are a lucky winner of another ring worth up to $5000. 1. visit https://https://reveal.diamondcandles.com/ 2. enter your unique ringreveal code. 3. click reveal to see if your a lucky winner of a high value ring. select: as a winner, choose the size of your ring and enter you information on our ringreveal page. the rules for ring reveal can be found by clicking here. how do i enter a ringreveal™ code? to enter and reveal a ring reveal code you will need to visit the ring reveal page.  here is the direct link : https://reveal.diamondcandles.com once the page loads, you will need to log in to your account. if you have not created an account yet, you will be given the option to do so. all that is needed is an email address and password.  the email and password will be needed for later use so keep them handy. please avoid logging in with facebook while revealing your ring reveal code. once logged in to your account, click into the middle of the screen where it says, "enter your ringreveal code” in the black box, type in your code then press the reveal button. after clicking the reveal button, you will be taken into the reveal experience where further instructions will be given. good luck! what will i see if i win a ringreveal ring? if you have revealed a winning ring reveal code for a $100 ring you’ll be  instructed to enter your information and ring size on our ringreveal page. if you have win a ring worth $1000 or $5000, your experience will be just a little different. if you have a winning ring reveal code you will need to follow the steps to accept your prize since it is a valuable ring. in order for us to process your high value ring win of $1000 or $5000, we will need a completed and signed w-9 from you. you will be prompted to check your email. the request for your w-9 will be sent to the email address with which you reveal your ring reveal code. be sure to stay on this page of the ring reveal experience until you have finished filling out the tax form. once finished come back to this page and click the "i've signed" button. the first step is to open your form from the email link that was just sent to you.  click the get started button.  you will be asked to fill out the required fields, follow the arrows to know which ones are necessary. once filled out you will be asked if you agree and then to sign the form. once done, click the continue button to submit the form.  after the form has been submitted go back to the tab with your ring reveal experience and click the i've signed button. if for some reason the form was not received or if it was not filled in this screen will appear. all you'll have to do is open the form again and fill out the the fields. why do i have to complete a w-9? a w-9 is required by the us federal government and the irs for all prizes awarded with a value of $600 or more. two of our ring reveal prizes are above this level and we are required to collect the w-9 forms from all of our winners in those two categories ($1000 ring and $5000 ring). if you win and received a prize over the value of $600, the government requires you, the recipient, and us, the awarder, to disclose the fact that you won the prize. the way that we both do that is through this w-9 form. once we receive a completed w-9 from you, we generate a 1099 misc for you to file with your taxes along with the year. as always, consult with your accountant for more information. you will need to create an account on hellosign to securely submit your form. sponsorships do you have a fundraising program? we currently do not have a fundraising program available for schools, sports teams, or other non-profit organizations. can you sponsor my charity event? you can apply below for us to sponsor your upcoming charity event or function using the "contact us" page. there is a button to the contact us page at the bottom of this page and in the footer of the site. please provide as much information as possible including relevant website links. if an event please describe how our products are to be used to help in raising money as well as information about how many people will be in attendance and anything else that you think might be helpful for us. please be aware that we receive multiple requests a day so you should only expect to hear back if we are able to work with you at this time. for planning your event we welcome the application but know that because of the sheer volume of requests that we receive you should contact us at least several months in advance of your event. please give us a month to respond to your inquiry. if you have not received a response within one month then you can assume that at this time we are unable to work with you to support your charity event. you should not expect an email back from us notifying you that we are unable to work with you and your charity. we will contact you with a reply only if we are going to be able to work with you or need more information to consider you and the charity that you would like to use our products to assist in some way. if you haven't heard from us and it has been greater than 30 days than we recommend that you purchase our products on your own to use for your charity event. we have found that our products make great items for silent and live auctions because of the excitement of whether or not they may or may not receive a ring worth $100+ inside of their candle may i do a youtube video review on my own? you may certainly do a video review of your diamond candle completely on your own whenever you would like. to make sure you get a lot of views to your video we recommend the following steps to make sure that people can easily find and discover your video. title: give your video a descriptive title that entices people to want to watch your video.“strawberry bliss candle review from diamond candles - i found a diamond ring!”, is a lot better than “diamond candles ring reveal video”. description box: have http://www.diamondcandles.com be the very first line (so people can easily check us out) or if reviewing sweet vanilla oak for example have a direct link to the product page be the very first link that shows in the description box (http://www.diamondcandles.com/shop/original-ring-candle/sweet-vanilla-oak-ring-candle/). then describe something about your review and what you thought of diamond candles in the description box so people can easily and quickly see what your video is about. tags section: add tags to help other people find your video when they are on youtube. add ‘diamond’ ‘candles’ ‘candle’ ‘diamond ring’ ‘soy’ (other candle company names). you can also add tags for other company names so that when people are watching videos from other companies they can find out about us! for example: ‘yankee candles’ ‘scentsy’ ‘glade’. will we sponsor a youtube video or blog review?"] to apply to our sponsored review program use the form we have included in this article. with it let us know about your website and/or blog (vlog) and why you think that you can help expose your audience to the diamond candles brand. if we find that your blog would be a great fit for partnership, you'll hear back from our team. the form can be found here: https://airtable.com/shryosl5lxwy46ejb while filling out the form please make sure to list your site's monthly traffic for your blog, subscriber counts, and any other information that you think will help you stand out from other applicants. account help what is diamond candles phone number? the very best way to get in contact with us is by email. our customer support department is very responsive via email. to send an email please use the contact us link and fill out the forms.  be as descriptive as possible and add photos so that we can see the issue too. wholesale accounts? if you would like to inquire about a previous or new wholesale account please reach out to us at help@diamondcandles.com we will personally help you with your order while providing you the best price for your business needs. contact us today for a free quote. can't find an answer to your question? if you cannot find an answer to your question please email us at help@diamondcandles.com. you can also use our contact us page and fill out the form to send your issue to our support team. david & brenda founders of diamond candles name email message send important links important links our patents ring reveal rules terms of service privacy policy refund policy shipping policy contact us policy summary quick links quick links faq shop about us shop now. pay later. custom & wholesale candles sign up and save sign up and save subscribe to get special offers, free giveaways, and once-in-a-lifetime deals. enter your email subscribe instagram facebook tiktok amazon american express apple pay diners club discover google pay mastercard paypal shop pay visa © 2024 diamond candles powered by shopify previous next "close (esc)"