来源URL: https://web.archive.org/web/20250208040611/https://www.diamondcandles.com/pages/policy-summary
================================================================================

policy summary – diamond candles skip to content close menu candles valentine's candles sale 21 oz. candles bath bombs luxe collection candles boutique collection candles 12 oz. candles occasions candles i do collection diamond candles x hannah dubberly long diamond candles x pretty in pink wax melts all products valentine's candles sale bath bombs wax melts all products gift cards ring reveal about us log in instagram facebook tiktok cart close cart shop now. pay in 4 interest-free installments. free shipping on orders over $50 in the continental us during busy seasons, orders will typically ship out within 1 to 4 business days. search site navigation log in search cart candles valentine's candles sale 21 oz. candles bath bombs luxe collection candles boutique collection candles 12 oz. candles occasions candles i do collection diamond candles x hannah dubberly long diamond candles x pretty in pink wax melts all products valentine's candles sale bath bombs wax melts all products gift cards ring reveal about us search "close (esc)" view more policy summary personal data collected for the following purposes and using the following services: advertising bing ads and liveintent personal data: cookies and usage data analytics google analytics, facebook ads conversion tracking, display advertising extension for google analytics, google adwords conversion tracking, google tag manager, mixpanel, segment, twitter ads conversion tracking and yahoo advertising conversion tracking personal data: cookies and usage data user id extension for google analytics personal data: cookies contacting the user mailing list or newsletter, and general marketing personal data: cookies, country, email address, first name, last name and usage data contact form personal data: email address, first name and last name phone contact personal data: phone number content commenting facebook comments personal data: cookies and usage data content performance and features testing (a/b testing) optimizely personal data: cookies and usage data displaying content from external platforms wistia widget personal data: cookies and usage data google fonts personal data: usage data and various types of data as specified in the privacy policy of the service handling payments paypal and stripe personal data: various types of data as specified in the privacy policy of the service hosting and backend infrastructure amazon web services personal data: various types of data as specified in the privacy policy of the service interaction with external social networks and platforms twitter tweet button and social widgets, facebook like button and social widgets, pinterest “pin it” button and social widgets and addthis personal data: cookies and usage data interaction with live chat platforms livechat widget personal data: cookies and usage data interaction with support and feedback platforms uservoice widget personal data: cookies and usage data location-based interactions geolocation personal data: geographic position managing contacts and sending messages amazon simple email service personal data: email address managing landing and invitation pages unbounce personal data: cookies, email address and usage data managing support and contact requests desk.com and zendesk personal data: various types of data as specified in the privacy policy of the service registration and authentication direct registration personal data: email address facebook authentication and log in with paypal personal data: various types of data as specified in the privacy policy of the service remarketing and behavioral targeting adwords remarketing, facebook remarketing, remarketing through google analytics for display advertising, twitter remarketing and doubleclick for publishers audience extension personal data: cookies and usage data facebook custom audience and twitter tailored audiences personal data: cookies and email address social features inviting and suggesting friends personal data: various types of data further information about personal data detecting and preventing fraud in addition, this site collects, uses, and retains certain information about visitors to detect, prevent, and analyze fraudulent transactions. we share this information with a third party, sift science, inc., that provides analysis, monitoring, and reports to assist us in preventing and detecting fraudulent transactions and other activity on the site.the kinds of fraud-related information that we collect, retain, and share, in addition to how sift science uses and stores such information, are described by the sift science service privacy notice. the sift science service privacy notice is available online at https://siftscience.com/service-privacy.html and is incorporated here as a part of this privacy policy. you should review the sift science service privacy notice carefully, understanding that “client” refers to diamond candles and that diamond candles may collect and share all of the kinds of data described by the sift science service privacy notice, including by means of sift science’s application programming interface, javascript code, and other means. statements in the sift science privacy notice about sift science, inc.’s compliance with certain national or international privacy frameworks, including the european union and swiss “safe harbor” frameworks, apply to sift science, and not necessarily to diamond candles. selling goods and services online the personal data collected are used to provide the user with services or to sell goods, including payment and possible delivery.the personal data collected to complete the payment may include the credit card, the bank account used for the transfer, or any other means of payment envisaged. the kind of data collected by this application depends on the payment system used. unique device identification this application may track users by storing a unique identifier of their device, for analytics purposes or for storing users’ preferences. contact information data owner diamond candles – 1458 old durham rd roxboro north carolina us 27573 owner contact email: help@diamondcandles.com full summary data controller and owner diamond candles – 1458 old durham rd roxboro north carolina us 27573 owner contact email: help@diamondcandles.com types of data collected among the types of personal data that this application collects, by itself or through third parties, there are: cookies, usage data, email address, first name, last name, country, phone number, geographic position and various types of data. other personal data collected may be described in other sections of this privacy policy or by dedicated explanation text contextually with the data collection.the personal data may be freely provided by the user, or collected automatically when using this application. any use of cookies – or of other tracking tools – by this application or by the owners of third party services used by this application, unless stated otherwise, serves to identify users and remember their preferences, for the sole purpose of providing the service required by the user. failure to provide certain personal data may make it impossible for this application to provide its services. users are responsible for any personal data of third parties obtained, published or shared through this application and confirm that they have the third party’s consent to provide the data to the owner. mode and place of processing the data methods of processing the data controller processes the data of users in a proper manner and shall take appropriate security measures to prevent unauthorized access, disclosure, modification, or unauthorized destruction of the data. the data processing is carried out using computers and/or it enabled tools, following organizational procedures and modes strictly related to the purposes indicated. in addition to the data controller, in some cases, the data may be accessible to certain types of persons in charge, involved with the operation of the site (administration, sales, marketing, legal, system administration) or external parties (such as third party technical service providers, mail carriers, hosting providers, it companies, communications agencies) appointed, if necessary, as data processors by the owner. the updated list of these parties may be requested from the data controller at any time. place the data is processed at the data controller’s operating offices and in any other places where the parties involved with the processing are located. for further information, please contact the data controller. retention time the data is kept for the time necessary to provide the service requested by the user, or stated by the purposes outlined in this document, and the user can always request that the data controller suspend or remove the data. the use of the collected data the data concerning the user is collected to allow the owner to provide its services, as well as for the following purposes: analytics, interaction with external social networks and platforms, contacting the user, registration and authentication, remarketing and behavioral targeting, managing contacts and sending messages, advertising, managing support and contact requests, content commenting, content performance and features testing (a/b testing), handling payments, interaction with support and feedback platforms, displaying content from external platforms, interaction with live chat platforms, location-based interactions, social features, hosting and backend infrastructure and managing landing and invitation pages. the personal data used for each purpose is outlined in the specific sections of this document. detailed information on the processing of personal data personal data is collected for the following purposes and using the following services: advertising this type of services allows user data to be utilized for advertising communication purposes displayed in the form of banners and other advertisements on this application, possibly based on user interests.this does not mean that all personal data are used for this purpose. information and conditions of use are shown below. some of the services listed below may use cookies to identify users or they may use the behavioral retargeting technique, i.e. displaying ads tailored to the user’s interests and behavior, including those detected outside this application. for more information, please check the privacy policies of the relevant services. bing ads (microsoft corporation) bing ads is an advertising service provided by microsoft corporation. personal data collected: cookies and usage data. place of processing: us – privacy policy – opt out liveintent (live intent, inc.) liveintent is an advertising service provided by live intent, inc. personal data collected: cookies and usage data. place of processing: us – privacy policy – opt out rakuten marketing we partner with rakuten marketing, who may collect personal information when you interact with our site. the collection and use of this information is subject to the privacy policy located here: https://rakutenmarketing.com/legal-notices/services-privacy-policy/. analytics the services contained in this section enable the owner to monitor and analyze web traffic and can be used to keep track of user behavior. google analytics (google inc.) google analytics is a web analysis service provided by google inc. (“google”). google utilizes the data collected to track and examine the use of this application, to prepare reports on its activities and share them with other google services.google may use the data collected to contextualize and personalize the ads of its own advertising network. personal data collected: cookies and usage data. place of processing: us – privacy policy – opt out facebook ads conversion tracking (facebook, inc.) facebook ads conversion tracking is an analytics service provided by facebook, inc. that connects data from the facebook advertising network with actions performed on this application. personal data collected: cookies and usage data. place of processing: us – privacy policy display advertising extension for google analytics (google inc.) google analytics on this application might use google’s interest-based advertising, 3rd-party audience data and information from the doubleclick cookie to extend analytics with demographics, interests and ads interaction data. personal data collected: cookies and usage data. place of processing: us – privacy policy – opt out google adwords conversion tracking (google inc.) google adwords conversion tracking is an analytics service provided by google inc. that connects data from the google adwords advertising network with actions performed on this application. personal data collected: cookies and usage data. place of processing: us – privacy policy google tag manager (google inc.) google tag manager is an analytics service provided by google inc. personal data collected: cookies and usage data. place of processing: us – privacy policy mixpanel (mixpanel) mixpanel is an analytics service provided by mixpanel inc. personal data collected: cookies and usage data. place of processing: us – privacy policy – opt out segment (segment inc.) segment is an analytics service provided by segment inc. personal data collected: cookies and usage data. place of processing: us – privacy policy twitter ads conversion tracking (twitter, inc.) twitter ads conversion tracking is an analytics service provided by twitter, inc. that connects data from the twitter advertising network with actions performed on this application. personal data collected: cookies and usage data. place of processing: us – privacy policy user id extension for google analytics (google inc.) google analytics on this application makes use of a feature called user id. this setup allows for a more accurate tracking of users by associating that user with the same id over various sessions and devices. it is set up in a way that doesn’t allow google to personally identify an individual or permanently identify a particular device.the user id extension might make it possible to connect data from google analytics with other data about the user collected by this application.the opt-out link below will only opt you out for the device you are on, but not from tracking performed independently by the owner. contact the owner via the email address provided in this privacy policy to object to the aforementioned tracking as well. personal data collected: cookies. place of processing: us – privacy policy – opt out yahoo advertising conversion tracking (yahoo! inc.) yahoo advertising conversion tracking is an analytics service provided by yahoo! inc. that connects data from the yahoo advertising network with actions performed on this application. personal data collected: cookies and usage data. place of processing: us – privacy policy contacting the user mailing list or newsletter (this application) by registering on the mailing list or for the newsletter, the user’s email address will be added to the contact list of those who may receive email messages containing information of commercial or promotional nature concerning this application. your email address might also be added to this list as a result of signing up to this application or after making a purchase. personal data collected: cookies, country, email address, first name, last name and usage data. contact form (this application) by filling in the contact form with their data, the user authorizes this application to use these details to reply to requests for information, quotes or any other kind of request as indicated by the form’s header. personal data collected: email address, first name and last name. phone contact (this application) users that provided their phone number might be contacted for commercial or promotional purposes related to this application, as well as for fulfilling support requests. personal data collected: phone number. content commenting content commenting services allow users to make and publish their comments on the contents of this application.depending on the settings chosen by the owner, users may also leave anonymous comments. if there is an email address among the personal data provided by the user, it may be used to send notifications of comments on the same content. users are responsible for the content of their own comments.if a content commenting service provided by third parties is installed, it may still collect web traffic data for the pages where the comment service is installed, even when users do not use the content commenting service. facebook comments (facebook, inc.) facebook comments is a content commenting service provided by facebook, inc. enabling the user to leave comments and share them on the facebook platform. personal data collected: cookies and usage data. place of processing: us – privacy policy displaying content from external platforms this type of services allows you to view content hosted on external platforms directly from the pages of this application and interact with them.this type of service might still collect web traffic data for the pages where the service is installed, even when users do not use it. wistia widget (wistia, inc.) wistia is a video content visualization service provided by wistia, inc. that allows this application to incorporate content of this kind on its pages. personal data collected: cookies and usage data. place of processing: us – privacy policy google fonts (google inc.) google fonts is a typeface visualization service provided by google inc. that allows this application to incorporate content of this kind on its pages. personal data collected: usage data and various types of data as specified in the privacy policy of the service. place of processing: us – privacy policy handling payments payment processing services enable this application to process payments by credit card, bank transfer or other means. to ensure greater security, this application shares only the information necessary to execute the transaction with the financial intermediaries handling the transaction.some of these services may also enable the sending of timed messages to the user, such as emails containing invoices or notifications concerning the payment. paypal (paypal inc.) paypal is a payment service provided by paypal inc., which allows users to make online payments using their paypal credentials. personal data collected: various types of data as specified in the privacy policy of the service. privacy policy stripe (stripe inc) stripe is a payment service provided by stripe inc. personal data collected: various types of data as specified in the privacy policy of the service. place of processing: us – privacy policy hosting and backend infrastructure this type of services has the purpose of hosting data and files that enable this application to run and be distributed as well as to provide a ready-made infrastructure to run specific features or parts of this application. some of these services work through geographically distributed servers, making it difficult to determine the actual location where the personal data are stored. amazon web services (amazon) amazon web services is a hosting service provided by amazon.com inc. personal data collected: various types of data as specified in the privacy policy of the service. privacy policy interaction with external social networks and platforms this type of services allow interaction with social networks or other external platforms directly from the pages of this application.the interaction and information obtained through this application are always subject to the user’s privacy settings for each social network.this type of service might still collect traffic data for the pages where the service is installed, even when users do not use it. twitter tweet button and social widgets (twitter) the twitter tweet button and social widgets are services allowing interaction with the twitter social network provided by twitter inc. personal data collected: cookies and usage data. place of processing: us – privacy policy facebook like button and social widgets (facebook, inc.) the facebook like button and social widgets are services allowing interaction with the facebook social network provided by facebook, inc. personal data collected: cookies and usage data. place of processing: us – privacy policy pinterest “pin it” button and social widgets (pinterest) the pinterest “pin it” button and social widgets are services allowing interaction with the pinterest platform provided by pinterest inc. personal data collected: cookies and usage data. place of processing: us – privacy policy addthis (addthis inc.) addthis is a service provided by clearspring technologies inc., which displays a widget that allows interaction with social networks and external platforms as well as sharing the contents of this application.depending on the configuration, this service can display widgets belonging to third parties such as the managers of social networks where interactions are shared. in this case, also the third parties that provide the widget will be informed of interactions and usage data on the pages where this service is installed. personal data collected: cookies and usage data. place of processing: us – privacy policy interaction with live chat platforms this type of services allows users to interact with third party live chat platforms directly from the pages of this application, for contacting and being contacted by this application support service.if one of these services is installed, it may collect browsing and usage data in the pages where it is installed, even if the users do not actively use the service. moreover, live chat conversations may be logged. livechat widget (livechat, inc.) the livechat widget is a service for interacting with the livechat live chat platform provided by livechat, inc. personal data collected: cookies and usage data. place of processing: us – privacy policy interaction with support and feedback platforms this type of services allows users to interact with third party support and feedback platforms directly from the pages of this application.if one of these services is installed, it may collect browsing and usage data in the pages where it is installed, even if the users do not actively use the service. uservoice widget (uservoice inc.) the uservoice widget is a service for interacting with the uservoice support and feedback platform provided by uservoice inc. personal data collected: cookies and usage data. place of processing: us – privacy policy location-based interactions geolocation (this application) this application may collect, use, and share user location data in order to provide location-based services.most browsers and devices provide tools to opt out from this feature by default. if explicit authorization has been provided, the user’s location data may be tracked by this application. personal data collected: geographic position. managing contacts and sending messages this type of services makes it possible to manage a database of email contacts, phone contacts or any other contact information to communicate with the user.these services may also collect data concerning the date and time when the message was viewed by the user, as well as when the user interacted with it, such as by clicking on links included in the message. amazon simple email service (amazon) amazon simple email service is an email address management and message sending service provided by amazon.com inc. personal data collected: email address. place of processing: us – privacy policy managing landing and invitation pages this type of services allows you to build and manage landing and invitation pages, i.e., pages for presenting a product or service, where you may add your contact information such as an email address.managing these pages means that these services will handle the personal data collected through the pages, including usage data. unbounce (unbounce marketing solutions inc.) unbounce is a landing page management service provided by unbounce marketing solutions inc., that allows this application to collect the email addresses of users interested in its service.unbounce allows the owner to track and analyze the user response concerning web traffic or behavior regarding changes to the structure, text or any other component of the created landing pages. personal data collected: cookies, email address and usage data. place of processing: canada – privacy policy managing support and contact requests this type of services allows this application to manage support and contact requests received via email or by other means, such as the contact form.the personal data processed depend on the information provided by the user in the messages and the means used for communication (e.g. email address). desk.com (salesforce.com, inc.) desk.com is a support and contact request management service provided by salesforce.com, inc. personal data collected: various types of data as specified in the privacy policy of the service. place of processing: us – privacy policy zendesk (zendesk) zendesk is a support and contact request management service provided by zendesk inc. personal data collected: various types of data as specified in the privacy policy of the service. place of processing: us – privacy policy registration and authentication by registering or authenticating, users allow this application to identify them and give them access to dedicated services.depending on what is described below, third parties may provide registration and authentication services. in this case, this application will be able to access some data, stored by these third party services, for registration or identification purposes. direct registration (this application) the user registers by filling out the registration form and providing the personal data directly to this application. personal data collected: email address. facebook authentication (facebook, inc.) facebook authentication is a registration and authentication service provided by facebook, inc. and is connected to the facebook social network. personal data collected: various types of data as specified in the privacy policy of the service. place of processing: us – privacy policy log in with paypal (paypal inc.) log in with paypal is a registration and authentication service provided by paypal inc. and is connected to the paypal network. personal data collected: various types of data as specified in the privacy policy of the service. place of processing: see the paypal privacy policy – privacy policy remarketing and behavioral targeting this type of service allows this application and its partners to inform, optimize and serve advertising based on past use of this application by the user.this activity is performed by tracking usage data and by using cookies, information that is transferred to the partners that manage the remarketing and behavioral targeting activity.in addition to any opt out offered by any of the services below, the user may opt out of a third-party service’s use of cookies by visiting the network advertising initiative opt-out page. adwords remarketing (google inc.) adwords remarketing is a remarketing and behavioral targeting service provided by google inc. that connects the activity of this application with the adwords advertising network and the doubleclick cookie. personal data collected: cookies and usage data. place of processing: us – privacy policy – opt out facebook remarketing (facebook, inc.) facebook remarketing is a remarketing and behavioral targeting service provided by facebook, inc. that connects the activity of this application with the facebook advertising network. personal data collected: cookies and usage data. place of processing: us – privacy policy – opt out remarketing through google analytics for display advertising (google inc.) google analytics for display advertising is a remarketing and behavioral targeting service provided by google inc. that connects the tracking activity performed by google analytics and its cookies with the adwords advertising network and the doubleclick cookie. personal data collected: cookies and usage data. place of processing: us – privacy policy – opt out twitter remarketing (twitter, inc.) twitter remarketing is a remarketing and behavioral targeting service provided by twitter, inc. that connects the activity of this application with the twitter advertising network. personal data collected: cookies and usage data. place of processing: us – privacy policy – opt out doubleclick for publishers audience extension (google inc.) doubleclick for publishers audience extension is a remarketing and behavioral targeting service provided by google inc. that tracks the visitors of this application and allows selected advertising partners to display targeted ads across the web to them. personal data collected: cookies and usage data. place of processing: us – privacy policy – opt out facebook custom audience (facebook, inc.) facebook custom audience is a remarketing and behavioral targeting service provided by facebook, inc. that connects the activity of this application with the facebook advertising network. personal data collected: cookies and email address. place of processing: us – privacy policy – opt out twitter tailored audiences (twitter, inc.) twitter tailored audiences is a remarketing and behavioral targeting service provided by twitter, inc. that connects the activity of this application with the twitter advertising network. personal data collected: cookies and email address. place of processing: us – privacy policy – opt out social features inviting and suggesting friends (this application) this application may use the personal data provided to allow users to invite their friends – for example through the address book, if access has been provided – and to suggest friends or connections inside it. personal data collected: various types of data. further information about personal data detecting and preventing fraud in addition, this site collects, uses, and retains certain information about visitors to detect, prevent, and analyze fraudulent transactions. we share this information with a third party, sift science, inc., that provides analysis, monitoring, and reports to assist us in preventing and detecting fraudulent transactions and other activity on the site.the kinds of fraud-related information that we collect, retain, and share, in addition to how sift science uses and stores such information, are described by the sift science service privacy notice. the sift science service privacy notice is available online at https://siftscience.com/service-privacy.html and is incorporated here as a part of this privacy policy. you should review the sift science service privacy notice carefully, understanding that “client” refers to diamond candles and that diamond candles may collect and share all of the kinds of data described by the sift science service privacy notice, including by means of sift science’s application programming interface, javascript code, and other means. statements in the sift science privacy notice about sift science, inc.’s compliance with certain national or international privacy frameworks, including the european union and swiss “safe harbor” frameworks, apply to sift science, and not necessarily to diamond candles. selling goods and services online the personal data collected are used to provide the user with services or to sell goods, including payment and possible delivery.the personal data collected to complete the payment may include the credit card, the bank account used for the transfer, or any other means of payment envisaged. the kind of data collected by this application depends on the payment system used. unique device identification this application may track users by storing a unique identifier of their device, for analytics purposes or for storing users’ preferences. additional information about data collection and processing legal action the user’s personal data may be used for legal purposes by the data controller, in court or in the stages leading to possible legal action arising from improper use of this application or the related services.the user declares to be aware that the data controller may be required to reveal personal data upon request of public authorities. additional information about user’s personal data in addition to the information contained in this privacy policy, this application may provide the user with additional and contextual information concerning particular services or the collection and processing of personal data upon request. system logs and maintenance for operation and maintenance purposes, this application and any third party services may collect files that record interaction with this application (system logs) or use for this purpose other personal data (such as ip address). information not contained in this policy more details concerning the collection or processing of personal data may be requested from the data controller at any time. please see the contact information at the beginning of this document. the rights of users users have the right, at any time, to know whether their personal data has been stored and can consult the data controller to learn about their contents and origin, to verify their accuracy or to ask for them to be supplemented, cancelled, updated or corrected, or for their transformation into anonymous format or to block any data held in violation of the law, as well as to oppose their treatment for any and all legitimate reasons. requests should be sent to the data controller at the contact information set out above. this application does not support “do not track” requests.to determine whether any of the third party services it uses honor the “do not track” requests, please read their privacy policies. changes to this privacy policy the data controller reserves the right to make changes to this privacy policy at any time by giving notice to its users on this page. it is strongly recommended to check this page often, referring to the date of the last modification listed at the bottom. if a user objects to any of the changes to the policy, the user must cease using this application and can request that the data controller remove the personal data. unless stated otherwise, the then-current privacy policy applies to all personal data the data controller has about users. information about this privacy policy the data controller is responsible for this privacy policy, prepared starting from the modules provided by iubenda and hosted on iubenda’s servers. definitions and legal references personal data (or data) any information regarding a natural person, a legal person, an institution or an association, which is, or can be, identified, even indirectly, by reference to any other information, including a personal identification number. usage data information collected automatically from this application (or third party services employed in this application), which can include: the ip addresses or domain names of the computers utilized by the users who use this application, the uri addresses (uniform resource identifier), the time of the request, the method utilized to submit the request to the server, the size of the file received in response, the numerical code indicating the status of the server’s answer (successful outcome, error, etc.), the country of origin, the features of the browser and the operating system utilized by the user, the various time details per visit (e.g., the time spent on each page within the application) and the details about the path followed within the application with special reference to the sequence of pages visited, and other parameters about the device operating system and/or the user’s it environment. user the individual using this application, which must coincide with or be authorized by the data subject, to whom the personal data refers. data subject the legal or natural person to whom the personal data refers. data processor (or data supervisor) the natural person, legal person, public administration or any other body, association or organization authorized by the data controller to process the personal data in compliance with this privacy policy. data controller (or owner) the natural person, legal person, public administration or any other body, association or organization with the right, also jointly with another data controller, to make decisions regarding the purposes, and the methods of processing of personal data and the means used, including the security measures concerning the operation and use of this application. the data controller, unless otherwise specified, is the owner of this application. this application the hardware or software tool by which the personal data of the user is collected. cookies small piece of data stored in the user’s device. legal information notice to european users: this privacy statement has been prepared in fulfillment of the obligations under art. 10 of ec directive n. 95/46/ec, and under the provisions of directive 2002/58/ec, as revised by directive 2009/136/ec, on the subject of cookies. behavioural advertising as described above, we use your personal information to provide you with targeted advertisements or marketing communications we believe may be of interest to you. for more information about how targeted advertising works, you can visit the network advertising initiative’s (“nai”) educational page at http://www.networkadvertising.org/understanding-online-advertising/how-does-it-work. you can opt out of targeted advertising by using the links below: – facebook: https://www.facebook.com/settings/?tab=ads – google: https://www.google.com/settings/ads/anonymous – bing: https://advertise.bingads.microsoft.com/en-us/resources/policies/personalized-ads additionally, you can opt out of some of these services by visiting the digital advertising alliance’s opt-out portal at: http://optout.aboutads.info/. do not track please note that we do not alter our site’s data collection and use practices when we see a do not track signal from your browser. your rights if you are a european resident, you have the right to access personal information we hold about you and to ask that your personal information be corrected, updated, or deleted. if you would like to exercise this right, please contact us through the contact information below. additionally, if you are a european resident we note that we are processing your information in order to fulfill contracts we might have with you (for example if you make an order through the site), or otherwise to pursue our legitimate business interests listed above. additionally, please note that your information will be transferred outside of europe, including to canada and the united states. data retention when you place an order through the site, we will maintain your order information for our records unless and until you ask us to delete this information. changes we may update this privacy policy from time to time in order to reflect, for example, changes to our practices or for other operational, legal or regulatory reasons. contact us for more information about our privacy practices, if you have questions, or if you would like to make a complaint, please contact us by e-mail at help@diamondcandles.com or by mail using the details provided below: important links important links our patents ring reveal rules terms of service privacy policy refund policy shipping policy contact us policy summary quick links quick links faq shop about us shop now. pay later. custom & wholesale candles sign up and save sign up and save subscribe to get special offers, free giveaways, and once-in-a-lifetime deals. enter your email subscribe instagram facebook tiktok amazon american express apple pay diners club discover google pay mastercard paypal shop pay visa © 2025 diamond candles powered by shopify previous next "close (esc)"