来源URL: https://web.archive.org/web/20101230215719/http://www.designbyhumans.com/shop/faq
================================================================================

cool t-shirts designbyhumans | buy t shirts graphic t-shirts cool tees design by humans men women vote forum login signup 0 checkout frequently asked questions ordering and payment information is your website secure? what payment methods do you accept? can i use dbh dollars and a discount code on the same order? do you accept paypal? how do i track my order? how do i use a referral or discount code? can i reserve a shirt using my shopping bag? can i make changes to my order after it has already been placed? how do i cancel my order? how do dbh dollars (dbh store credit) work? i own a retail store. how do i become a design by hümans dealer? can i change the information on my design by hümans account? can i come buy shirts directly from your warehouse? shipping what are my shipping options? what about free shipping? how much will shipping cost me? can i track my shipment? will there be customs fees applied to my international order? when will my order ship if i choose fedex standard overnight or fedex 2 day? returns what is your return policy? who pays for return shipping? how long does it take for my return to be processed? product and sizing information how are your shirts printed? what kind of shirts do you print on? how do your shirts fit? how should i wash my dbh tees? will they shrink a lot? if a particular design or size is sold out, will it ever be reprinted? submitting designs and art how do the shirt of the day, week, and month contests work? i just submitted a design but i don't see it in the vote section yet. where is it? what is the best program to use to create and resize my artwork so i can submit it to your site? how do winning artists get paid? what is your privacy policy? all other questions have a question we haven't answered? drop us a note at service@designbyhumans.com and we'll get back to you shortly. is your website secure? design by hümans takes website security issues very seriously and uses the latest industry-standard ssl (secure sockets layer) encryption to protect your personal information. please notice the small pad-lock icon in the locked position that will appear in the lower- right corner or upper-right corner of your browser during each of the pages of the checkout process. back to top what payment methods do you accept? we currently accept visa, mastercard, american express, and discover cards. sorry, at this time we do not accept paypal, but we may offer it as a payment option in the future. back to top can i use dbh dollars and a discount code on the same order? yes, you can. at the first step of the checkout process you will be able to apply both dbh dollars and a discount code. back to top do you accept paypal? sorry, we do not accept paypal at this time. we are working on adding it as a payment option soon. back to top how do i track my order? to track your order you must first be logged in to your dbh account. once you are logged in, you can go to your my accountpage to view your order history. once there, simply click on the "view order" link to view order status. if your order has shipped, you will see a tracking link that will allow you to track your package. please note that if you selected a shipping option during the checkout process that does not have tracking (such as usps first class international mail), you will not see a tracking link in your order details. tracking results can take 24 hours to update from the time of shipment. you can also track the shipment of your package by clicking on the tracking link that was included in your order shipment confirmation email. if you did not complete the account creation process before you placed your order, please refer to your order confirmation email for instructions on how to complete your dbh account creation. back to top how do i use a referral or discount code? if you have a referral or discount code, you can enter it during the first step of the checkout process. once you enter the code, click the "apply discount" button to receive your discount. back to top can i reserve a shirt using my shopping bag? unfortunately, you can't. placing a shirt in your bagdoes not mean that you will be able to buy it at a later date. if you have a shirt in your shopping bagand it sells out before you finish checking out, you will be notified in the checkout process and the shirt will be removed from you cart. back to top can i make changes to my order after it has already been placed? once an order is submitted through our website, it is usually not possible to make changes to the order. we do our best to pull and ship orders as quickly as possible which makes these types of changes very difficult. you can always contact us at service@designbyhumans.comto request a change to your order, and we will see if we can catch it before it ships. back to top how do i cancel my order? to cancel an order, simply email service@designbyhumans.comto request the cancellation of your order. please be sure to include the order # in either the subject line or body of your email. if your order has already shipped, you will be given instructions on how to return the order to us. once we receive your order back to our warehouse, your credit card will be refunded less the original shipping charges. back to top how do dbh dollars (dbh store credit) work? dbh dollars can be earned the following ways: upload a photo - send us a photo of yourself wearing a dbh shirt that you purchased on our site. for every qualifying photo you will get $1 dbh dollar added to your account. go here to upload a photo. personal affiliate url - refer people to our site by using your personal affiliate url and get $2 dbh dollars added to your account for every referral that results in a sale. you can find your personal url here. tell-a-friend - let others know about design by hümans by using the tell-a-friend feature found throughout our site and get $2 dbh dollars added to your account for every referral that results in a sale. win - artists that win our shirt of the day and/or shirt of the month contests will receive $250 dbh dollars for each award. to view your dbh dollars make sure you are logged in and then go to your my accountpage. to use your dbh dollars, just enter the amount you want to use during the first step of the checkout process. dbh dollars cannot be transferred and are not redeemable for cash. back to top i own a retail store. how do i become a design by hümans dealer? if you are interested in selling design by hümans products in your store, please get in touch with one of our wholesale account managers. for u.s. and international wholesale inquiries please email wholesale@designbyhumans.com. please note that we typically require retailers to have a physical brick-and-mortar location to be considered for approval. retailers that are exclusively internet-based will not be approved. back to top can i change the information on my design by hümans account? you sure can. to make any changes to your account just log in to your dbh account and then go to your "my profile" page where you be able modify everything except for your username, human #, and the date you joined. back to top can i come buy shirts directly from your warehouse? unfortunately, we are not currently set up to process orders directly at our warehouse. we hope to be able to allow this soon, so please check back in a bit.” back to top what are my shipping options? orders are shipped via fedex or us postal service with the options listed below. please allow 3 to 5 business days for processing of orders. orders within the u.s. fedex smartpost (7-18 business days) please note, smartpost has limited tracking with the final delivery made by the u.s. postal service. fedex smartpost is not offered for non-contiguous u.s. states, u.s. territories, or p.o. boxes. fedex ground/home delivery (2-5 business days) full door-to-door tracking. fedex ground/home delivery is not offered for non-contiguous u.s. states, u.s. territories, or p.o. boxes. fedex 2 day (2 business days) full door-to-door tracking. 2-day shipping is not offered for p.o. boxes. orders must be place before 1pm pacific time to be shipped out the same business day. fedex standard overnight (1 business day) full door-to-door tracking. overnight shipping is not offered for p.o. boxes. orders must be place before 1pm pacific time to be shipped out the same business day. usps priority mail (3-7 business days) priority mail is only offered for p.o., a.p.o., and f.p.o. boxes and non-contiguous u.s. states and territories. this service has limited tracking. international orders usps first-class mail international (3-5 weeks) please note, there is no tracking offered with this service. usps first-class mail international is not offered for orders greater than $175 or with a weight greater than 4 pounds (approx. 6-7 shirts). usps international priority mail (7-14 business days) full door-to-door tracking. please note: the customer is responsible for any customs fees, import duties, or taxes that may be imposed by your country’s customs department. back to top what about free shipping? a free shipping option is available to us orders with a subtotal of $70 or more (after discounts are applied). if your order qualifies for free shipping, you can select the free shipping option presented to you at the time of checkout. orders shipped with the free shipping option are shipped via fedex smartpost for orders within the contiguous us and usps priority mail for us orders going to a po box, us territory, alaska, or hawaii. free shipping is no longer offered for international orders. back to top how much will shipping cost me? at dbh, we offer a variety of options for shipping your package (see above). if you are in a hurry and need your new shirt right away, we can do that. if you are not in a huge hurry and would prefer a slower and cheaper method, we can do that too. to figure out how much shipping will cost for your order, just click on the "calculate shipping" button in the checkout process to see the costs for the various available shipping methods. please note that for international orders, our usps first-class mail international does not offer tracking. if your order is getting shipped outside of the united states and you would like tracking with the shipment, we highly recommend selecting the usps international priority mail option. back to top can i track my shipment? to track your order you must first be logged in to your dbh account. once you are logged in, you can go to your my accountpage to view your order history. once there, simply click on the "view order" link to view order status. if your order has shipped, you will see a tracking link that will allow you to track your package. please note that if you selected a shipping option during the checkout process that does not have tracking (such as usps first-class mail international), you will not see a tracking link in your order details. tracking results can take up to 24 hours to update from the time of shipment. you can also track the shipment of your package by clicking on the tracking link that was included in your order shipment confirmation email. back to top will there be customs fees applied to my international order? international orders may have additional fees applied to them by the receiving country's (your country's) customs agency. unfortunately, design by hümans has nothing to do with these fees and is not able to estimate fees or determine whether or not there will be any. to learn more about your country's customs fees and any other import duties/taxes, we recommend contacting your country's customs agency. back to top when will my order ship if i choose fedex standard overnight or fedex 2 day? if your order is placed before 1 pm (pst) and your have selected fedex standard overnight or fedex 2 day for your shipping option, your order will ship out the same day (excluding weekends and holidays). back to top how are your shirts printed? all of our shirts are printed using state-of-the-art screen-printing processes and other apparel embellishment techniques, including soft-hand inks, water-based inks, specialty inks, foils, flocks, appliqués, and embroidery. back to top what kind of shirts do you print on? all of our shirts are either 100% combed ring spun cotton or a 50/50 cotton-poly blend. the description on the detail page of each shirt in our store will indicate which type of shirt that particular design is printed on. back to top how do your shirts fit? our shirts tend to fit in between a basic fit tee and a slim fit. you can check out our size charts here. please note that the measurements we give in our size charts have a variance of +/- 1 inch. back to top how should i wash my dbh tees? will they shrink a lot? generally, cotton shrinks when it is washed. if you purchase one of our 100% cotton tees, there will be more shrinkage when you wash it than with our 50/50 cotton-poly blend. of course with either type of shirt, you will see the least amount of shrinkage if you wash the shirt in cold water and hang it up to dry. on the other hand, you will see the most amount of shrinkage if you wash your shirt in hot water and dry it on the hottest dryer setting. typically you may experience shrinkage of 3-5 percent in both the length and width after wash with our 100% cotton tee, and 1-2 percent shrinkage in both the length and width after wash with our 50/50 cotton-poly tee. back to top if a particular design or size is sold out, will it ever be reprinted? we try to keep the number of designs we reprint to a minimum - usually just a few each month. so....if you see a tee you must have and it is currently available, we suggest grabbing it before it's gone! back to top what is your return policy? we are confident that you will be happy with your purchase. if for any reason you are not totally satisfied with your order within 30 days (60 days for international orders) from the date of purchase, simply send an email to returns@designbyhumans.com and request a return authorization number. in the email please include your order number found on your packing slip or in the order confirmation email received when the order was placed. all returned products must be unworn and unwashed (no exceptions). exchanges must be made for shirts of equal or lessor value. return shipping charges are the responsibility of the customer unless the return is due to a product defect or a shipping error on the part of design by humans. *please note: exchanges are not possible with serendipitee shirts due to the random nature of the shirt selection. back to top who pays for return shipping? if the return is due to a mistake on our part (ie. we shipped you the wrong shirt or the shirt has a defect), we will reimburse you for the return shipping costs as long as you use a standard shipping method. if you are returning a shirt because you are not happy with it or want to exchange it for a different shirt, then you are responsible for the shipping costs. before you ship anything back to us, please email returns@designbyhumans.comfirst so we can provide you with complete return instructions. also, make sure you include your order # in the email. back to top how long does it take for my return to be processed? please allow up to 2 weeks for us to process your return. back to top how do the shirt of the day, week, and month contests work? please click hereto learn how our ongoing contests work. back to top i just submitted a design but i don't see it in the vote section yet. where is it? all submissions must first go through an internal screening process before being accepted into our vote section, or rejected. this initial screening usually takes 24-72 hours (excluding weekends and holidays). once your submission is either accepted or rejected, you will receive an email notification. back to top what is the best program to use to create and resize my artwork so i can submit it to your site? there are many different programs that will work to accomplish this task. we like to use the adobe creative suite, but it's really up to you. back to top how do winning artists get paid? we pay our winning artist through paypal. your cash prize and store credit will be transferred to you on the day your winning design is announced on our site. back to top what is your privacy policy? to view our privacy policy, click here. back to top © 2010 designbyhümans home shop vote submit artwork forum shipping faq about join dbh login privacy terms design by humans features cool t-shirts t-shirt tee shirts tshirt t shirt buy t-shirts graphic t-shirt cool tees mens t-shirts womens tshirts girls t shirts boys t-shirts new t-shirt buy tshirts kids t-shirts designer t shirts custom t-shirts t-shirt design printed tshirts print t-shirt music t-shirts shop t shirts buy funny t-shirts retro tshirts art t-shirts gifts clothing t shirt white tee shirts cotton t-shirt buy band t-shirts tees designed by the community online t-shirts every day