来源URL: https://web.archive.org/web/20111229154131/http://www.designbyhumans.com/knowledgebase/
================================================================================

knowledge base design by humans shop men's women's kid's special tees vote in the running special contests submit forum gallery give back help login register 0 cart services and help help knowledge base & faq careers at dbh privacy contact us returns & exchanges what is your returns policy? refunds will be credited in the same form as they were paid if the merchandise is returned unworn, unwashed and in the same condition received within: 30 days of purchase for us orders 60 days for international orders exchanges must be made for t-shirts of equal or lesser value. if the requested t-shirt in exchange is out of stock, the customer will be contacted via email. however, if there is no response within five (5) business days, the exchange will be processed as a return. as a recommendation, dbh suggests purchasing the t-shirt(s) you would like to exchange through our website, and returning your other t-shirt(s) back to us for a refund. we do not accept washed and/or worn merchandise. if a washed and/or worn item is returned, it will be refused and sent back to the customer. please return all merchandise in the same condition it was received. return shipping charges are the responsibility of the customer unless the return is a mistake on dbh’s part. how do i make a return or exchange? we are confident that you will be happy with your purchase. if for any reason you are not totally satisfied with your order within 30 days (60 days for international orders) from the date of purchase, dbh will accept returns and exchanges of unworn, unwashed merchandise. please email returns@designbyhumans.com to request an rma number. in your email, please include your order number as the subject. if you have any further questions or concerns please contact customer service. i received a defect, what do i do? if you believe that your merchandise is defective, please email customer service. please include the order number as the subject heading and attach photos of your product’s areas in question. see product faq section for more details. who pays for return shipping? if the return is due to a mistake on dbh’s part, the customer will be reimbursed for the return shipping costs as long as they use a standard shipping method. if the customer is returning a shirt because they are unsatisfied with the merchandise or would like to exchange it for a different t-shirt, then the customer is responsible for the return shipping costs. before you ship anything back to us, please email returns@designbyhumans.com first so dbh can provide you with complete return instructions. how long does it take for my return to be processed? please allow up to five (5) business days from receipt of the return for processing. please note that this does not include delivery time. orders how can i check the status of my order? to track your order, you must be logged into your dbh account. once you are logged in, go to your profile page to view your order history. once there, click on the "your orders" link to view all your orders. click the order in question to view the details. if your order has shipped, you will see a tracking link that will allow you to track your package. tracking results can take up to 24 to 48 hours to update from the time of shipment. you can also track the shipment of your package by clicking on the tracking link that was included in your order shipment confirmation email. for further assistance, please email customer service. if you selected a shipping option during the checkout process that does not have tracking (such as usps first class international mail), you will not see a tracking link in your order details. if you did not complete the account creation process before you placed your order, please refer to your order confirmation email for instructions on how to complete your dbh account creation. i am shipping my order outside of the u.s. will i be charged additional duties and taxes? for shipments outside the u.s. and canada, your order may be subject to vat (value added tax), import duties and taxes, which are levied once your package reaches your country. dbh ships your package ddu (duties and taxes unpaid), and does not collect the vat, duties and/or taxes and cannot predict what your particular charges may be. if you do incur these additional charges, they must be rendered in order for your package to clear customs. for more information regarding your country's custom policies, please contact your local customs office. unfortunately, dbh is not able to request for your order to be shipped by a specific carrier. carriers are determined for each order by package weight and product shipping restrictions. can i make changes to my order after it has already been placed? once an order is submitted through our website, it is not possible to make changes to the order. if an edit to a product on a placed order needs to be made, the order must be cancelled in its entirety and be reordered by the customer. how do i cancel my order please send an email customer service to request the cancellation of your order with your order number as the subject heading. if your order has already shipped, instructions will be given on how to return the order to dbh. once your order is received, your credit card will be refunded less the original shipping charges. when checking on the status of my order i received an "in process" message. what does that mean? "in process" means that your order is in the early stages of shipping. changes to your order cannot be made during this time. can i reserve a shirt using my shopping bag? unfortunately, a shirt cannot be reserved in your shopping cart. if the shirt sells out before you finish checking out, you will be notified in the checkout process and the shirt will be removed from your cart. dbh does offer the option to "like" a product to create a wish list of items that customers would like to purchase at a later time. what payment methods are accepted? dbh currently accepts visa, mastercard, american express, discover, and paypal as well as dbh dollars. what are dbh dollars? dbh dollars are a form of payment for community participation. they can be earned by uploading a photo of yourself wearing a dbh t-shirt that you purchased on our site. for every qualifying photo, the customer will receive 1 dbh dollar added to their account. dbh dollars can also be earned by winning one of dbh’s community contests. login to your account and go to your profile page to upload a photo and view your dbh dollars balance. to use your dbh dollars, enter the amount you wish to apply at checkout. please note that dbh dollars cannot be transferred and are not redeemable for cash, nor can they be applied towards taxes and/or shipping. how do i use a referral or discount code? to redeem special offers, customers must enter the promo code at checkout. once the code is entered, click the "apply" button to receive the discount. can dbh dollars and a discount code be used on the same order? yes, they can be applied at the first step of the checkout process. what happens if my t-shirt is out of stock? if a t-shirt is out of stock after an order is placed, you will be contacted via email for further instruction. however, if there is no response within five (5) business days, you will be refunded for the out of stock t-shirt and the order will be shipped out. orders with out of stock t-shirts are not shipped until further instructed by you or as otherwise described. what happens if my order is lost? if you suspect that your order is lost, please contact customer service for further assistance. if a package is in fact lost, dbh is not responsible for reimbursing shipping costs or the replacement of the merchandise. shipping what shipping options are provided? dbh offers shipping via fedex or usps (united states postal service) with the options listed below. please allow 3 to 5 business days for processing of orders before shipment. united states domestic shipping fedex smartpost (7-18 business days) fedex smartpost has limited tracking with the final delivery made by usps (united states postal service). fedex smartpost is not offered for non-contiguous u.s. states, u.s. territories, or p.o. boxes. fedex ground/home delivery (2-5 business days) fedex ground/home delivery offers full door-to-door tracking. this service is not offered for non-contiguous u.s. states, u.s. territories, or p.o. boxes. usps (united states postal service) priority mail (3-7 business days) usps priority mail has limited tracking. this service is only offered for p.o., a.p.o., and f.p.o. boxes and non-contiguous u.s. states and territories. international u.s. customer is responsible for any customs fees, import duties, or taxes that may be imposed by the customs department of the customer's country. usps (united states postal service) first-class mail international (6-8 weeks) usps international priority mail offers full door-to-door tracking. if your order is being shipped outside of the u.s. and you would like tracking with the shipment, dbh highly recommends selecting the usps (united states postal service) international priority mail option. is free shipping available? a free shipping option is available on orders being shipped within the u.s. with a subtotal of $75 or more (after discounts are applied). if the order qualifies, the customer can select the free shipping option presented at the time of checkout. orders shipped within the contiguous u.s. states using the free shipping option are shipped via fedex smartpost only, and cannot be upgraded. for orders shipping within the u.s. going to non-contiguous u.s. states, u.s. territories, or p.o. boxes, they will be shipped via usps (united states postal service) priority mail only, and cannot be upgraded. free shipping is not offered on international orders. how much will shipping cost me for my order? when the shipping zip code is entered in the checkout process, the prices for the each shipping option will be shown. why am i paying tax on shipping and handling? state tax regulations require that dbh collect sales tax on shipping and handling where applicable. all sales taxes that are collected are paid to the appropriate state where the tax is collected and merchandise has been shipped. products how are your t-shirts printed? all of dbh’s t-shirts are printed using state-of-the-art screen-printing processes and other apparel embellishment techniques, including soft-hand inks, water-based inks, specialty inks, foils, and flocks. dbh is an environmentally friendly company and all of the inks dbh uses are phalite-free. what kind of t-shirts do you print on? all of dbh’s t-shirts are either 100% combed ring spun cotton or a 50/50 cotton-poly blend. the description on the detail page of each t-shirt in dbh’s store will indicate which type of t-shirt that particular design is printed on. how do your t-shirts fit? our t-shirts tend to fit in between a basic and a slim fit t-shirt. the measurements given in our size charts have a variance of +/- one inch. how should i wash my dbh t-shirts? will they shrink? generally, cotton shrinks when it is washed and/or dryed. if you purchase a 100% cotton t-shirt, there will be more shrinkage when it is washed, than with the 50/50 cotton-poly blend t-shirt. with either type of t-shirt, the least amount of shrinkage will be incurred if the t-shirt is washed in cold water and hung dry. the greatest amount of shrinkage occurs when the t-shirt is washed in hot water and dryed on the hottest dryer setting. typically, our 100% cotton t-shirts shrink approximately 3-5 percent in both the length and width after being washed. our 50/50 cotton-poly blend t-shirts shrink approximately 1-2 percent in both the length and width after being washed. the ink on my shirt is inconsistent. is this a defect? if the ink is inconsistently printed on the seams or collar of the t-shirt, this is due to the nature of the design and print technique. this is not a defect. however, please do not hesitate to send an email to customer service with pictures of your product’s areas in question for further assistance. if a particular design or size is sold out, will it ever be reprinted? dbh will reprint selected designs at its discretion. if you see a t-shirt you must have and it is currently in stock, dbh suggests purchasing the t-shirt before it sells out. to keep up with reprints, subscribe to our weekly newsletters for any updates or follow us on facebook and twitter. art & design how does the dbh standard contest work? please click here to learn how our ongoing contest works. i just submitted a design, but i don't see it in the vote section yet. where is it? all submissions must first go through an internal screening process before being either accepted into our vote section, or rejected. this initial screening usually takes 24-72 hours (excluding weekends and holidays). once your submission is either accepted or rejected, you will receive an email notification. for further assistance, please email art@designbyhumans.com. what is the best program to use to create and resize my artwork so i can submit it to your site? there are many different programs that will work to accomplish this task. we like to use the adobe creative suite, but it is really up the artist. please also review our 101 sections for helpful tips and tricks. how do winning artists get paid? dbh pays winning artists through paypal. the cash prize will be transferred to the artist within five (5) business days from the day their winning design is announced on our site. for further assistance, please email art@designbyhumans.com. how are designs chosen to win? the daily contest winners are chosen on several factors including votes, comments, print-ability and staff input. the number of votes, which are cumulative, on a submission can differ greatly and the staff uses the votes as a rough guide at their discretion. thus it is not a sole deciding factor to whether or not a design gets printed. dbh also needs to take into consideration fraudulent votes that also alter the number. all designs are up on the site for voting for 90 days. once the 90-day voting period has expired, the designs are removed from the voting pool and remain in the artist’s gallery. dbh reserves the right to make the final decision on winning designs. i have submitted my design to your site. i also want to submit it somewhere else. is this allowed? by submitting your design to dbh, you may not reproduce, sell, or submit the design to others for any commercial purpose for 90 days after the date of submission while designbyhumans.com is considering the design. once the 90 days have passed, if designbyhumans.com does not choose your design for print, you are free to use the design for any commercial or non-commercial purpose. in addition, if the design is used or reproduced for commercial purposes elsewhere, you cannot use the dbh blogs to promote the design or the company featuring the design. dbh reserves the right to choose your design after the 90 days have passed, on the condition that the design has not been used for commercial purposes on any items. if your design is selected, you may not use the design (or derivatives of the design) or allow others to use the design (or derivatives of the design) on any items. dbh will own complete rights to the design once you submit the high-res artwork and agree to the terms and conditions. when you submit your artwork you acknowledge that the design you are assigning to dbh is your own original work, has not been previously published, and does not contain any trademarks, logos, copyrighted material, or any other intellectual property belonging to any third party, or any material, which dbh in its sole discretion, deems to be profane or offensive. please email the art department for further assistance. how do i remove a design? please email the art department with a link to the design to be removed. if my design wins at dbh, do i have the rights to sell it to a third party? once a design is up for voting and selected for print, the artist relinquishes all rights to the artwork to dbh as described in the artist agreement contract. please review our terms and conditions or email the art department for further assistance. miscellaneous is www.designbyhumans.com secure? dbh takes website security issues very seriously and uses the latest industry-standard ssl (secure sockets layer) encryption to protect your personal information. note the small pad-lock icon in the locked position that will appear in the lower-right corner or upper-right corner of your browser during each of the pages of the checkout process. can t-shirts be directly purchased at the dbh warehouse? dbh is not currently set up to process orders directly at our warehouse. how do i become a designbyhümans dealer? if you are interested in selling dbh products in your store, please fill out our wholesale approval application form. for u.s. and international wholesale inquiries please email wholesale. retailers are required to have a physical, brick-and-mortar location to be considered for approval. retailers that are exclusively internet-based will not be considered. can i change the information on my dbh account? to make any changes to your account, login, go to your profile page and click "edit account." how do i delete my dbh account? please change to: to delete your account, please email customer service with your username. all comments, forum posts, design submissions, and any/all account activity will be removed when the account is deleted. what is your privacy policy? view our privacy policy. contact info phone +877 358 2988 hours monday-friday, 8am-5pm address 5 holland lane irvine, ca 92618 follow dbh facebook twitter tumblr rss login, human! username password login forgot password? remember me create an account membership comes with a lot of benefits. you can getexclusive deals, vote on your favorite designs you wantto see printed, plus lots more. join the hümans wonderless by sheviper username password confirm password email address confirm email country albania algeria american samoa andorra angola anguilla argentina armenia aruba australia austria azerbaijan bahamas bahrain bangladesh barbados belarus belgium belize benin bermuda bhutan botswana brazil bulgaria burundi cambodia cameroon canada cape verde cayman islands chad chile china colombia congo cook islands costa rica croatia cyprus czech republic denmark djibouti dominica dominican republic ecuador egypt el salvador equatorial guinea eritrea estonia ethiopia fiji finland france french guiana french polynesia gabon gambia germany ghana gibraltar greece greenland grenada guadeloupe guam guatemala guinea guinea-bissau guyana haiti honduras hong kong hungary iceland india indonesia ireland israel italy jamaica japan jordan kazakhstan kenya kuwait kyrgyzstan latvia lebanon lesotho liechtenstein lithuania luxembourg madagascar malawi maldives mali malta marshall islands martinique mauritania mauritius mexico monaco mongolia montserrat morocco mozambique myanmar namibia nepal netherlands netherlands antilles new caledonia new zealand nicaragua niger nigeria norway oman pakistan palau panama papua new guinea paraguay peru philippines poland portugal qatar romania rwanda san marino saudi arabia senegal serbia seychelles sierra leone singapore slovakia slovenia south africa spain sri lanka suriname swaziland sweden switzerland taiwan thailand togo tunisia turkey uganda ukraine united kingdom united states uruguay uzbekistan vanuatu virgin islands, u.s. yemen zambia zimbabwe sign me up for dbh news, sales, and discounts! agree to the terms and conditions. register shop men's women's kid's special tees vote & submit in the running special contests submit a design dbh 101s rules and prizes terms and conditions community forums dbh news artist interviews critique designs help contact us knowledge base careers at dbh privacy policy join our newsletter! receive exclusive coupons, promotional discounts, and the latest news! © 2011 designbyhümans