来源URL: https://web.archive.org/web/20111229154131/http://www.designbyhumans.com/termsandconditions/
================================================================================

cool t-shirts designbyhumans | buy t shirts graphic t-shirts cool tees design by humans shop men's women's kid's special tees vote in the running special contests submit forum gallery give back help login register 0 cart submit design submit design how to submit design guide terms & conditions rules and prizes dbh 101s designbyhümans daily contest terms and conditions last revised june 2011 all submitted designs are limited to a maximum of 10 colors not including the color of the shirt. designs that use all-over or belt printing techniques are restricted to four (4) or less colors. shirt color for all printed designs is limited to the color offering currently available on designbyhümans and is subject to change at any time according to availability. designbyhümans reserves the right to make necessary minor adjustments or changes to submitted designs in order to conform artwork to manufacturing requirements. designbyhümans also reserves the right to make any other final decisions pertaining to a design’s ink colors, sizing, placement, appliqué, or embroidery. all submitted designs must be the original work of the participant. works previously published in any location other than designbyhümans may not be submitted. submissions may not contain any intellectual property of any third party such as logos, trademarks, service marks or copyrighted material, unless we provide them to you for use in a specific contest. please remember, although we may provide logos, trademarks, services marks or copyrighted materials to you, you may not manufacture, distribute or sell any products whatsoever that incorporate any such materials or otherwise refer to any band or celebrity that may be the subject of a contest: subject only to these rules and the “terms of submission” set out below, all laws and regulations governing intellectual property, privacy rights and rights of publicity of third parties apply. designbyhümans reserves the right to reject any submission that it deems in its sole discretion to be vulgar, profane, offensive, or inappropriate. designs accepted into the designbyhümans contest and posted to the website may be removed from the contest and website at anytime prior to voting ending due to poor performance or at the sole discretion of the designbyhümans staff. all submitted designs become temporary property of designbyhümans.com for a period of 90 days from the date of submission upon the terms set out in this paragraph. so during that period the participant should not use the designs in a manner contrary to this paragraph. if the design is selected for print within the 90 day period, the participant understands and agrees that designbyhümans.com then retains permanent exclusive rights to that design for commercial use on apparel and other promotional products (subject to the payment terms set forth in these terms and conditions), and the participant hereby irrevocably assigns such rights to designbyhümans.com *if the participant is not agreeable to this, the participant should not submit designs to designsbyhümans.com.* if a design is not selected for print by designbyhümans.com within the 90 day period, the participant automatically retains full rights to their design and may elect to have their design removed from the designbyhumans.com archives by contacting art@designbyhumans.com submitted designs are eligible for the following awards: shirt of the day rock star awards (rock star residuals)* * rock star awards do not apply to special contests (10k exception), offline retail channels and/or where dbh has partnered with a third party. winning shirts are determined by a combination of voting results, participant comments, designbyhümans staff and/or guest judges. contest prizes are as follows, except where otherwise indicated on special contest landing pages: shirt of the day $1,000.00 (usd) and six (6) units of their design. rock star awards (rock star residuals) for sales made at designbyhumans.com, the following rock star award details apply: $0.50 (usd) per shirt sold at www.designbyhumans.com. rock star awards are paid out at the following benchmarks: 1,000 total shirts – designer will receive an additional payment of $500.00 usd 2,000 total shirts – designer will receive an additional payment of $500.00 usd 3,000 total shirts – designer will receive an additional payment of $500.00 usd 5,000 total shirts – designer will receive an additional payment of $1,000.00 usd 10,000 total shirts – designer will receive an additional payment of $2,500.00 usd * rock star awards do not apply to special contests (10k exception), offline retail channels and/or where dbh has partnered with a third party. additionally, rock star award payments are not paid out until the design reaches the corresponding benchmarks as explained above. your cash prize for shirt of the day will be transferred to you within five (5) business days from the day your winning design is announced on our site. rock star award cash prizes are paid out within 10 business days of your design reaching the corresponding rock star award benchmark. all payments are sent via paypal. terms of submission last revised june 2011 by selecting the “i accept” button, you are agreeing to the following terms, which serve as a binding agreement (hereinafter “the agreement”) between you and designbyhümans, inc. (“dbh”). the designbyhümans contest (hereinafter “the contest”) is the competition as described in the designbyhümans contest rules. by submitting any word, combination of words, symbol, slogan, photographic image, graphic design or any other type of design (hereinafter collectively referred to as “the design”) for consideration in the contest, you represent and warrant to dbh that you have the right and authority to convey the rights granted hereunder; that the design is original and free and clear of any encumbrances or liens and is not subject to any third-party agreements or arrangements that would interfere with their use; that the design is not libelous, slanderous, obscene, and does not plagiarize; and that the exercise of rights herein granted will not infringe upon any copyright, right of privacy or any other rights whatsoever of any third party. you shall hold dbh harmless and shall indemnify dbh for all costs and expenses (including reasonable attorney fee’s) in the event of a breach of any of the foregoing warranties or representations. these warranties and representations do not extend to any material not furnished by you. if your design is selected as the winner of a dbh award—which includes, but is not limited to, the “shirt of the day” or the “rock star award” as these awards are defined in the designbyhümans contest rules, or any other promotional award(s) that may from time to time be offered by dbh, and that result in the publishing and/or dissemination of your design by dbh—in consideration for the prizes offered in connection with the various dbh awards, which prizes are set forth in the designbyhümans contest rules, you hereby grant to dbh, its licensees and assignees, an exclusive right to: (1) reproduce the design or any parts, alterations or derivatives thereof, in any media or embodiment now known or hereafter to become known (the products); and (2) publicly display, perform or exhibit, or distribute the design, as part of the products, in any way now known or hereafter to become known including without limitation by transmission, broadcast, or electronic communication. if your design is not selected as a winner within 90 days you may request the removal of your design from the archives section of the website by emailing art@designbyhumans.com. without limiting other remedies, dbh may at its sole discretion remove any design from publication and/or dissemination if it thinks that the design is creating problems, possible legal liabilities, or is inconsistent with the letter or spirit of dbh’s policies, including poor design. the design may be modified in any way whatsoever, used as a basis for additional illustrations or images (whether or not by you), and the design and any modifications or derivatives thereof may be digitized without any additional approval being required of you, with the exception that you shall be shown such modifications and derivatives and shall have a right to withdraw use of your name as a credit. you hereby waive any and all attribution and integrity rights with regard to the design whether arising under the law of any state of the united states, united states federal law, or the law of any other country. dbh shall use reasonable efforts to ensure that the use of the design in the product is accompanied by a reasonable credit to you (subject to your right to withdraw such credit as discussed above). this agreement, in whole or in part, may be freely assigned by dbh. you may not assign this agreement in whole or in part without the prior written approval of dbh. if any part, term or provision of this agreement shall be held illegal, unenforceable, or in conflict with any law of a federal, state or local government having jurisdiction over this agreement, the validity of the remaining portions or provisions shall not be affected thereby. this agreement contains the entire understanding of you and dbh with respect to the subject matter hereof and with respect to the matter contained herein and supersedes all prior agreements or understandings. this agreement shall not be modified except in writing. this agreement shall be governed by and construed under the laws of the state of california, without regard to its principles of conflicts of laws and notwithstanding the fact that you may be domiciled in a different state or country. you stipulate and agree that any and all claims, disputes, controversies, suits or actions arising out of or relating to the provisions of this agreement or the subject matter hereof and initiated by you, or any successor in interest, shall be adjudicated exclusively in the circuit or district courts of california, or the united states district court for the district of california, which courts shall have the exclusive jurisdiction and venue for any and all such claims, disputes, controversies, suits or actions, and you hereby stipulate and submit to the personal and subject matter jurisdiction of such courts with respect to such claims. no agency, partnership, joint venture, employee-employer or franchiser-franchisee relationship is intended or created by this agreement. a failure of either party to exercise any right provided for herein shall not be deemed to be a waiver of any right hereunder. nothing herein shall be construed as an obligation of dbh to manufacture and/or disseminate any specific quantity of product containing the design. all manufacturing, dissemination and marketing decisions regarding each design are left to the sole discretion of dbh. current contests win money! login, human! username password login forgot password? remember me create an account membership comes with a lot of benefits. you can getexclusive deals, vote on your favorite designs you wantto see printed, plus lots more. join the hümans have the abyss stare by maxyboy username password confirm password email address confirm email country albania algeria american samoa andorra angola anguilla argentina armenia aruba australia austria azerbaijan bahamas bahrain bangladesh barbados belarus belgium belize benin bermuda bhutan botswana brazil bulgaria burundi cambodia cameroon canada cape verde cayman islands chad chile china colombia congo cook islands costa rica croatia cyprus czech republic denmark djibouti dominica dominican republic ecuador egypt el salvador equatorial guinea eritrea estonia ethiopia fiji finland france french guiana french polynesia gabon gambia germany ghana gibraltar greece greenland grenada guadeloupe guam guatemala guinea guinea-bissau guyana haiti honduras hong kong hungary iceland india indonesia ireland israel italy jamaica japan jordan kazakhstan kenya kuwait kyrgyzstan latvia lebanon lesotho liechtenstein lithuania luxembourg madagascar malawi maldives mali malta marshall islands martinique mauritania mauritius mexico monaco mongolia montserrat morocco mozambique myanmar namibia nepal netherlands netherlands antilles new caledonia new zealand nicaragua niger nigeria norway oman pakistan palau panama papua new guinea paraguay peru philippines poland portugal qatar romania rwanda san marino saudi arabia senegal serbia seychelles sierra leone singapore slovakia slovenia south africa spain sri lanka suriname swaziland sweden switzerland taiwan thailand togo tunisia turkey uganda ukraine united kingdom united states uruguay uzbekistan vanuatu virgin islands, u.s. yemen zambia zimbabwe sign me up for dbh news, sales, and discounts! agree to the terms and conditions. register shop men's women's kid's special tees vote & submit in the running special contests submit a design dbh 101s rules and prizes terms and conditions community forums dbh news artist interviews critique designs help contact us knowledge base careers at dbh privacy policy join our newsletter! receive exclusive coupons, promotional discounts, and the latest news! © 2011 designbyhümans