来源URL: https://web.archive.org/web/20121225180448/http://www.designbyhumans.com/blog/
================================================================================

t shirt design, fashion, and tips from design by humans welcome to design by humans free shipping for alldomestic orders over $75international orders over $125 men's new shirts 50 most wanted shirts collective shirts hoodies sale women's new shirts 50 most wanted shirts hoodies sale new collective sale men's women's tee grinder gallery vote dbh daily contest contest vault submit submit a design how to submit a design dbh 101's community blog forum dbh news artist interviews critique search for a shirt » search for art » search for members » search in forums » toggle search options search login register customer service cart0 0 0 day in the life: craig watkins, managing order processing 1 day ago part 3: ditlo craig can be seen in the photo blog at ditlo.comyou’d be surprised how much happens after you click “checkout” on our website while drinking a frosty cold beverage!  your order goes magically through the internets and appears in our order queue waiting to be processed within 24 hours.bright and early, 6am usually, our warehouse team shows up ready to prepare shirts for their journey around the globe or across the state.  when it’s really busy they show up at 4am to make sure that all orders are processed in a timely manner.  anything that comes in or out of our warehouse is met and greeted by our very own “pacman”.  paco the pacman is in charge of all of the warehouse workers and logistics of getting quality shirts into your hands. pacman chatting with craig about order detailsfirst, we print all of our packing slips by shipping type and priority.  for example, if you’ve made an order that has overnight shipping, you go to the front of the line! once the order packing slips are printed, warehouse workers diligently scurry throughout the warehouse looking for where your shirt lives in our labyrinth of racks.  each screen-printed tee has a home address or location code, which you may have seen on your packing slip before. once the shirts for your order have been pulled, more warehouse workers will review the order to make sure that everything in your order is included in your package and that it’s correct.  they then place a special dbh sticker and the packing slip into your custom transparent design by humans poly bag.if you order a dbh collective tee, your order takes a different voyage.  through all sorts of magic tricks and technology, your dbh collective t-shirt gets hand selected each day by color and size.  we review the t-shirt to make sure there are no imperfections or flaws in the blank.  they are then shuffled off to be printed by one of our 2 digital printers.   the digital print room is the size of small apartment and is temperature and humidity controlled for maximum ink flow.  once the t-shirt is printed, it goes through a dryer and into a basket.  once the baskets are full they are whisked away to be either be shipped individually, or paired up with screen print t-shirts.once we have a bin full of bagged orders, they then move to our shipping station where a shipper scans the barcode and print a label.  at this point your order status goes from “processing” to “shipped” and it receives a tracking number.  around 3:30 or 4, we load several bins on the fedex and usps trucks to be taken across the globe to land in your post boxes and door steps.each tee that we send out of our warehouse is checked for imperfections and passes quality assurance scrutiny from our team of warehouse specialist.   they’re driven by providing you, our customer, a quality t-shirt that we are all very proud of. approve art part 1press checks part 2 order processing part 3 ditl part 4 more » 5 0 day in the life: wotto, t shirt quality checks 2 days ago part 2: ditlo craig can be seen in the photo blog at more » 9 1 day in the life: wotto, creative director - art review process 4 days ago approving t shirt designs with wotto (craig), creative director at dbh our new friends at ditlo have created a website which documents a day in the life, of fascinating individuals all around the globe. they interviewed our very own wotto and have published several photos and videos describing what it’s like to be the creative director at design by humans. throughout this week, we will highlight various topics which wotto shared openly with ditlo so we can give you a glimpse of what it’s like to work for one of the coolest companies on the block. meet our creative director, craig as he walks us through a day in the life at design by humans. more » 1 0 artist interview with mj the t shirt review master 1 week ago mj is an artist who has won t-shirt contests in several places, several times. she is the face behind “cowboy samurai viking robot knight ninja pirate vs 1.000.000 zombies by wagnogueira certainly has a mouthful of a title! and the design is similarly packed to the rafters, with one man facing an endless sea of zombies. it’s a familiar set-up, as there are a lot of shirts feature one hero about to do battle with a crowd of the undead. but generally speaking, the lone protagonist is set up as a doomed hero, short on weapons and seeming to face an impossible task. here, the lead guy is so heavily armed and drawing from so many hero tropes that he almost seems… over-prepared. you don’t doubt that he’ll win this thing somehow, no matter how long it takes. that’s an interesting twist, and the drawing has a smooth precision that supports it well.” – mj from compete-tee-tion more » 1 0 bortwein's artist interview making graphic tees 2 weeks ago bortwein aka brandon ortwein has won at dbh 6 times and his first winner ‘mine shaft: gold found’ back in 2007 is still one of my personal favorites. brandon is a designer who brings bold, eye popping design to the t-shirt canvas. he can create intricate pieces or keep it really simple, either way he’ll deliver a tee that is striking and fresh. recently we printed iso808 and i thought i better snag an interview with him while his tee was still in stock! more » 3 0 top 12 t shirts of 2012 3 weeks ago what does it take to be a top seller? sure wit, excellent illustration, and a trend setting design make the best shirts. this year top sellers are the most eye catching t shirts you will find online. these are graphic tees represent and imaginative world from hip to shoulder. the creative concepts in these shirts were design leaders in being the best for their trends. these are the best shirts for a variety of subjects, like boldest shirt, best zombie, coolest shirt, innovative music shirts and overall creative design ideas.  let’s give it up for this years top sellers. more » 3 0 dbh staff picks the best t shirts of 2012 3 weeks ago the more » 1 0 end of the world apocalypse shirts 4 weeks ago if you’re reading this then you are a survivor. it’s 12 – 21 – 12, one – a cool pattern on numbers, two – the first day of winter solstice, three – your still alive, and you’ve survived another apocalypse. the mayan calendar has struck its end of time. really, any of the apocalypse or raptures have been fun to follow. will jesus return? will volcano’s erupt all over the place? will zombie’s take over the world? more » 0 0 design by humans coupon codes and sales 4 weeks ago save money of your favorite graphic tees with design by humans coupon codes. there are site wide coupon codes and other times special category codes. this page will always be updated with current promo codes to help you get the best prices on our tees all year long. more » 0 0 last minute gift ideas? an egift card from dbh 1 month ago the holidays are approaching fast, and great last minute gifts are e gift cards. one of the simplest gifts for the holiday season is a the recipient will receive an egift card with the amount and whatever clever message sent. to redeem the card they will click on the redeem gift voucher button in the email. the recipient can the login to their dbh account or create a new one. the gift card amount will be automatically added to the recipients dbh account. they can view the account status in their profile section. once they have added items to the cart the recipient can then deduct money from the gift voucher account. more » categories view everything dbh news artist interviews chatter critique requests resources + create new forum topic search forums search popular threads the works in progress thread by asher2789 - posted in chatter wip thread volume 2 by biotwist - posted in chatter random whatever thread by thestray - posted in chatter thread to request for reprints!! by collisiontheory - posted in requests what music are you currently listening to? by matteyer - posted in chatter recent t-shirt comments dag nabbit! why'd this have to reprint while i have no monies! i've been... by thestray - posted in limited edition - gather ye rosebud please reprint. by nairrahulg - posted in pixel heroes hey guys its been a loooong time since i've been on the site. i received... by oolongtee-yummy - posted in limited edition - gather ye rosebud this was a fun design to bring back and it printed like a dream. i perso... by wotto - posted in limited edition - gather ye rosebud jimiyo! by choppre - posted in limited edition - gather ye rosebud recent contest comments i like the red. by aspalacesburn - posted in natural geometry thanks sir. =) by krisren28 - posted in cool dino thanks. =) by krisren28 - posted in cut the cool monster that is cool! by roncabardz - posted in mr. cool guy mind blowing! by joeconde - posted in mind the universe login create an account username password remember me forgot password? or login with facebook one less password to remember easily share with your friends we never post without your permission register, new human! login username password confirm password email address confirm email country albania algeria american samoa andorra angola anguilla antigua and barbuda argentina armenia aruba australia austria azerbaijan bahamas bahrain bangladesh barbados belarus belgium belize benin bermuda bhutan bolivia botswana brazil brunei darussalam bulgaria burundi cambodia cameroon canada cape verde cayman islands chad chile china colombia congo cook islands costa rica croatia cyprus czech republic denmark djibouti dominica dominican republic ecuador egypt el salvador equatorial guinea eritrea estonia ethiopia fiji finland france french guiana french polynesia gabon gambia georgia germany ghana gibraltar greece greenland grenada guadeloupe guatemala guernsey guinea guinea-bissau guyana haiti honduras hong kong hungary iceland india indonesia ireland isle of man israel italy jamaica japan jordan kazakhstan kenya korea, republic of kuwait kyrgyzstan latvia lebanon lesotho liechtenstein lithuania luxembourg macedonia madagascar malawi maldives mali malta marshall islands martinique mauritania mauritius mexico moldova, republic of monaco mongolia montserrat morocco mozambique myanmar namibia nepal netherlands netherlands antilles new caledonia new zealand nicaragua niger norway oman pakistan palau panama papua new guinea paraguay peru philippines poland portugal qatar romania russia rwanda saint lucia san marino saudi arabia senegal serbia seychelles sierra leone singapore slovakia slovenia south africa spain sri lanka suriname swaziland sweden switzerland taiwan thailand togo trinidad and tobago tunisia turkey uganda ukraine united arab emirates united kingdom united states uruguay uzbekistan vanuatu venezuela virgin islands, british virgin islands, u.s. yemen zambia zimbabwe get dbh news, sales, and discounts! agree to the terms and conditions. or join dbh with facebook one less password to remember easily share with your friends we never post without your permission facebook twitter tweet google + 1 tumblr share on tumblr rss rss feed join our newsletter! receive coupons, discounts, and the latest news! shop men's shirts women's shirts kid's shirts 50 most wanted limited edition tees the dark knight rises shirts last chance tees size chart t-shirt categories gift cards vote in the running special contests submit submit a design dbh 101s rules and prizes terms and conditions community forums dbh news artist interviews critique designs information dbh collective about dbh contact us f.a.q. shipping & returns careers terms of service privacy policy wholesale affiliates © 2013 designbyhümans