来源URL: https://web.archive.org/web/20121225180448/http://www.designbyhumans.com/shipping-returns/
================================================================================

design by humans shipping and returns policies welcome to design by humans free shipping for alldomestic orders over $75international orders over $125 men's new shirts 50 most wanted shirts collective shirts hoodies sale women's new shirts 50 most wanted shirts hoodies sale new collective sale men's women's tee grinder gallery vote dbh daily contest contest vault submit submit a design how to submit a design dbh 101's community blog forum dbh news artist interviews critique search for a shirt » search for art » search for members » search in forums » toggle search options search login register customer service cart0 information about dbh contact us help faq glossary shipping & returns careers terms of service privacy policy wholesale affiliates shipping, tracking and returns welcome to the customer service section to review shipping, tracking orders, and return policies. we are based in california, usa and ship to most countries around the world. shipping dbh offers shipping via fedex or usps (united states postal service) with the options listed below. please allow 3 to 5 business days for processing of orders before shipment. united states domestic shipping fedex smartpost (7-18 business days) fedex smartpost is the least expensive option and the average delivery window is 2-7 days depending on the final delivery location zip code. there is limited tracking with the final delivery made by usps (united states postal service). fedex smartpost must be selected for orders being shipped to a p.o. box. fedex smartpost will take a few more days for locations like hawaii, alaska, puerto rico or any orders shipped outside the united states. this service is available for apo, dpo and fpo addresses and non-contiguous u.s. states and territories. fedex ground/home delivery (2-5 business days) fedex ground/home delivery offers full door-to-door tracking. select this option for faster delivery and up to date tracking. this service is offered for continental united states. non-continental united states, u.s. territories, or p.o. boxes are not included. fedex express saver (3 business days) fedex express saver is an expedited shipping option that offers full door-to-door tracking. fedex express saver is available throughout all states except alaska and hawaii. fedex express saver will arrive by 4:30pm to a business or 7:00pm to residences. this service is not available for p.o. boxes or apo, dpo and fpo addresses. fedex 2day (2 business days) fedex 2day is an expedited shipping option that offers full door-to-door tracking. fedex 2day is an available shipping option throughout all 50 states. fedex 2day will arrive by 4:30pm to a business or 7:00pm to a residence. this service is not available for p.o. boxes or apo, dpo and fpo addresses. fedex priority overnight (next business day) fedex priority overnight is an expedited shipping option that offers full door-to-door tracking. fedex priority overnight is an available shipping option throughout all 50 states. fedex priority overnight will arrive the next business day by 10:30 a.m. to most u.s. addresses; by noon, 4:30 p.m. or 5 p.m. in remote areas; by noon, 1:30 p.m. or 4:30 p.m. on saturdays. this service is not available for p.o. boxes or apo, dpo and fpo addresses. free shipping free shipping is available through fedex smartpost for all domestic orders within the continental united states orders that have a subtotal value of $75 or more. domestic free shipping does not apply to hawaii, alaska, puerto rico or any orders shipped outside the united states. free shipping is available through usps first-class international on all international orders that have a subtotal value of $125 or more. international shipping policy we ship world wide to select countries. once you have added shirt to the shopping cart and filled out the shipping information, there will be options and shipping costs. you can then select the desired shipping option from there. shipping times can vary depending on country and location. an email will be sent to you once your order has been processed and shipped. the customer is responsible for any customs fees, import duties, or taxes that may be imposed by the customs department of the customer's country. usps (united states postal service) first-class mail international (3-5 weeks up to a maximum of 9 weeks) usps international priority mail does not offer tracking services outside of the usa. if your order is being shipped outside of the u.s. and you would like tracking with the shipment, dbh highly recommends selecting the fedex international priority option. usps (united states postal service) international priority (7-14 business days) usps international priority does not offer tracking services outside of the usa. if your order is being shipped outside of the u.s. and you would like tracking with the shipment, dbh highly recommends selecting the fedex international priority option. fedex international priority (2-9 business days) fedex international priority offers full tracking from the moment we ship it to delivery at your door. if you want to be able to track your package as it travels around the world this is the service to select. if your order is being shipped outside of the u.s. and you would like tracking with the shipment, dbh highly recommends selecting the fedex international priority mail option. returns & exchanges refunds for shipped merchandise will be for the cost of the merchandise only, shipping costs are non-refundable unless a mistake was made on the part of dbh. the refund will be credited back to the initial form of payment used to make the purchase if the merchandise is returned unworn, unwashed and in the same condition received within: 30 days of purchase for us orders 60 days for international orders 45 days for us holiday orders exchanges must be made for t-shirts of equal or lesser value. if the requested t-shirt in exchange is out of stock, the customer will be contacted via email. however, if there is no response within five (5) business days, the exchange will be processed as a return. as a recommendation, dbh suggests purchasing the t-shirt(s) you would like to exchange through our website, and returning your other t-shirt(s) back to us for a refund. we do not accept washed and/or worn merchandise. if a washed and/or worn item is returned, it will be refused and sent back to the customer. please return all merchandise in the same condition it was received. return shipping charges are the responsibility of the customer unless the return is the fault of design by humans. all sale items including tee grinder shirts are final. dbh collective sales are final. dbh collective items dbh collective merchandise is printed specifically for you. every time you order a dbh collective item, we print it that same day. because we're printing it specifically for you, on the color you've chosen we cannot accept returns, unless it was: wrong design incorrect color defective garment if you believe that your item fits one of these descriptions, please contact customer service. how do i make a return or exchange? we are confident that you will be happy with your purchase. if for any reason you are not totally satisfied with your order within 30 days (45 days for us holiday orders & 60 days for international orders) from the date of purchase, dbh will accept returns and exchanges of unworn, unwashed merchandise. please email returns@designbyhumans.com to request an rma number. in your email, please include your order number as the subject. if you have any further questions or concerns please contact customer service. i received a defect, what do i do? if you believe that your merchandise is defective, please email customer service. please include the order number as the subject heading and attach photos of your product's areas in question. who pays for return shipping? if the return is due to a mistake on dbh's part, the customer will be reimbursed for the return shipping costs as long as they use a standard shipping method and not an expedited one. if the customer is returning a shirt because they are unsatisfied with the merchandise or would like to exchange it for a different t-shirt, then the customer is responsible for the return shipping costs. before you ship anything back to us, please email returns@designbyhumans.com first so dbh can provide you with complete return instructions. please note, that original shipping costs are non-refundable unless there was a mistake on the part of dbh regarding the initial order. how long does it take for my return to be processed? please allow up to five (5) business days from receipt of the return for processing. please note that this does not include delivery time or holidays. order status and tracking guest checkout orders cannot be tracked at this time. design by humans makes it easy to track your newly purchased graphic t shirts in the orders section of your profile. to track your order, log into your dbh account. once you are logged in, go to your "profile" page, and click on the "your orders" link to view a list of purchases. click the order number to view tracking and further details. from here you can confirm purchases, track order status, and view shipping tracking numbers. tracking results can take up to 24 to 48 hours to update from the time of shipment. you can also track the shipment of your package by clicking on the tracking link that was included in your order shipment confirmation email. for further assistance, please email customer service. order status labels in your orders new - order has been received into our system printing - order is being printed in our warehouse on hold - one of your selected items is on backorder or we require more information to approve your order processing - your order has been approved and is being pulled and prepped for shipping shipped - your order has left our warehouse and you should receive an email with the tracking information for your order shortly. refunded – your order has been cancelled and refunded back to your original method of payment. useful shipping/tracking info: all orders have a 3-5 business day processing time frame shipping time frames are calculated after the 3-5 business day processing time frame. you can check the status of your order on your dbh profile under "your orders" fedex ground cannot deliver to a p.o. box but fedex smartpost can. if you selected a shipping option during the checkout process that does not have tracking (such as usps first class international mail or usps international priority), you will not see a tracking link in "your order" details. if you did not complete the account creation process before you placed your order, please refer to your order confirmation email for instructions on how to complete your dbh account creation. i am shipping my order outside of the u.s. will i be charged additional duties and taxes? for shipments outside the u.s., your order may be subject to vat (value added tax), import duties and taxes, which are levied once your package reaches your country. dbh ships your package ddu (duties and taxes unpaid), and does not collect the vat, duties and/or taxes and cannot predict what your particular charges may be. if you do incur these additional charges, they must be rendered in order for your package to clear customs. for more information regarding your country's custom policies, please contact your local customs office. unfortunately, dbh is not able to request for your order to be shipped by a specific carrier. carriers are determined for each order by package weight and product shipping restrictions. can i make changes to my order after it has already been placed? once an order is submitted through our website, it is not possible to make changes to the order. if an edit to a product on a placed order needs to be made, the order must be cancelled in its entirety and be reordered by the customer. how do i cancel my order? please send an email customer service to request the cancellation of your order with your order number as the subject heading. if your order has already shipped, instructions will be given on how to return the order to dbh. once your order is received, your credit card will be refunded less the original shipping charges. when checking on the status of my order i received an "in process" message. what does that mean? "in process" means that your order is in the early stages of shipping. changes to your order cannot be made during this time. can i reserve a shirt using my shopping bag? unfortunately, a shirt cannot be reserved in your shopping cart. if the shirt sells out before you finish checking out, you will be notified in the checkout process and the shirt will be removed from your cart. what payment methods are accepted? dbh currently accepts visa, mastercard, american express, discover, and paypal as well as dbh dollars. for international orders we only accept paypal and credit cards via paypal. what are dbh dollars? dbh dollars are a form of payment for community participation. they can be earned by uploading a photo of yourself wearing a dbh t-shirt that you purchased on our site. for every qualifying photo, the customer will receive 1 dbh dollar added to their account. dbh dollars can also be earned by winning one of dbh's community contests. login to your account and go to your profile page to upload a photo and view your dbh dollars balance. to use your dbh dollars, enter the amount you wish to apply at checkout. please note that dbh dollars cannot be transferred and are not redeemable for cash, nor can they be applied towards taxes and/or shipping. how do i use a referral or discount code? to redeem special offers, customers must enter the promo code at checkout. once the code is entered, click the "apply" button to receive the discount. can dbh dollars and a discount code be used on the same order? yes, they can be applied at the first step of the checkout process. what happens if my t-shirt is out of stock? if a t-shirt is out of stock after an order is placed, you will be contacted via email for further instruction. however, if there is no response within five (5) business days, you will be refunded for the out of stock t-shirt and the order will be shipped out. orders with out of stock t-shirts are not shipped until further instructed by you or as otherwise described. what happens if my order is lost? if you suspect that your order is lost, please contact customer service for further assistance. please note however, they cannot track orders or locate orders shipped through usps. if a package is in fact lost, dbh is not responsible for reimbursing shipping costs or the replacement of the merchandise. contact info phone +855 333 9836 hours monday-friday, 8am-5pm returns address1262 humboldt avechico, ca 95928 follow dbh facebook twitter tumblr rss login create an account username password remember me forgot password? or login with facebook one less password to remember easily share with your friends we never post without your permission register, new human! login username password confirm password email address confirm email country albania algeria american samoa andorra angola anguilla antigua and barbuda argentina armenia aruba australia austria azerbaijan bahamas bahrain bangladesh barbados belarus belgium belize benin bermuda bhutan bolivia botswana brazil brunei darussalam bulgaria burundi cambodia cameroon canada cape verde cayman islands chad chile china colombia congo cook islands costa rica croatia cyprus czech republic denmark djibouti dominica dominican republic ecuador egypt el salvador equatorial guinea eritrea estonia ethiopia fiji finland france french guiana french polynesia gabon gambia georgia germany ghana gibraltar greece greenland grenada guadeloupe guatemala guernsey guinea guinea-bissau guyana haiti honduras hong kong hungary iceland india indonesia ireland isle of man israel italy jamaica japan jordan kazakhstan kenya korea, republic of kuwait kyrgyzstan latvia lebanon lesotho liechtenstein lithuania luxembourg macedonia madagascar malawi maldives mali malta marshall islands martinique mauritania mauritius mexico moldova, republic of monaco mongolia montserrat morocco mozambique myanmar namibia nepal netherlands netherlands antilles new caledonia new zealand nicaragua niger norway oman pakistan palau panama papua new guinea paraguay peru philippines poland portugal qatar romania russia rwanda saint lucia san marino saudi arabia senegal serbia seychelles sierra leone singapore slovakia slovenia south africa spain sri lanka suriname swaziland sweden switzerland taiwan thailand togo trinidad and tobago tunisia turkey uganda ukraine united arab emirates united kingdom united states uruguay uzbekistan vanuatu venezuela virgin islands, british virgin islands, u.s. yemen zambia zimbabwe get dbh news, sales, and discounts! agree to the terms and conditions. or join dbh with facebook one less password to remember easily share with your friends we never post without your permission facebook twitter tweet google + 1 tumblr share on tumblr rss rss feed join our newsletter! receive coupons, discounts, and the latest news! shop men's shirts women's shirts kid's shirts 50 most wanted limited edition tees the dark knight rises shirts last chance tees size chart t-shirt categories gift cards vote in the running special contests submit submit a design dbh 101s rules and prizes terms and conditions community forums dbh news artist interviews critique designs information dbh collective about dbh contact us f.a.q. shipping & returns careers terms of service privacy policy wholesale affiliates © 2013 designbyhümans