来源URL: https://web.archive.org/web/20121225180448/http://www.designbyhumans.com/knowledgebase/
================================================================================

about us and policies for designbyhümans welcome to design by humans free shipping for alldomestic orders over $75international orders over $125 men's new shirts 50 most wanted shirts collective shirts hoodies sale women's new shirts 50 most wanted shirts hoodies sale new collective sale men's women's tee grinder gallery vote dbh daily contest contest vault submit submit a design how to submit a design dbh 101's community blog forum dbh news artist interviews critique search for a shirt » search for art » search for members » search in forums » toggle search options search login register customer service cart0 information about dbh contact us help faq glossary shipping & returns careers terms of service privacy policy wholesale affiliates products how are your t-shirts printed? all of dbh's t-shirts are printed using state-of-the-art screen-printing processes and other apparel embellishment techniques, including soft-hand inks, water-based inks, specialty inks, foils, and flocks. dbh is an environmentally friendly company and all of the inks dbh uses are phalite-free. what kind of t-shirts do you print on? all of dbh's t-shirts are either 100% combed ring spun cotton or a 50/50 cotton-poly blend. the description on the detail page of each t-shirt in dbh's store will indicate which type of t-shirt that particular design is printed on. how do your t-shirts fit? our t-shirts tend to fit in between a basic and a slim fit t-shirt. the measurements given in our size charts have a variance of +/- one inch. how should i wash my dbh t-shirts? will they shrink? generally, cotton shrinks when it is washed and/or dried. if you purchase a 100% cotton t-shirt, there will be more shrinkage when it is washed, than with the 50/50 cotton-poly blend t-shirt. with either type of t-shirt, the least amount of shrinkage will be incurred if the t-shirt is washed in cold water and hung dry. the greatest amount of shrinkage occurs when the t-shirt is washed in hot water and dried on the hottest dryer setting. typically, our 100% cotton t-shirts shrink approximately 3-5 percent in both the length and width after being washed. our 50/50 cotton-poly blend t-shirts shrink approximately 1-2 percent in both the length and width after being washed. the ink on my shirt is inconsistent. is this a defect? if the ink is inconsistently printed on the seams or collar of the t-shirt, this is due to the nature of the design and print technique. this is not a defect. however, please do not hesitate to send an email to customer service with pictures of your product's areas in question for further assistance. if a particular design or size is sold out, will it ever be reprinted? dbh will reprint selected designs at its discretion. if you see a t-shirt you must have and it is currently in stock, dbh suggests purchasing the t-shirt before it sells out. to keep up with reprints, subscribe to our weekly newsletters for any updates or follow us on facebook and twitter. dbh collective what is a dbh collective store? the dbh collective is an elite group of artists from all around the world who we've partnered with to bring design by humans users the best selection in graphic tees. dbh collective artist stores allows design by humans to print a shirt for you, by your favorite artist, on whatever color tee you'd like. who gets an artist collective shop? dbh collective stores are invite only. you must: win shirt of the daymust have at least 1 shirt of the day win. if you don't have a shirt of the day win, get started today! walk the talkdemonstrate the ability to create trend right, printable artwork that people want to buy play nicewillingness to work within the design by humans collective and play by the rules do rightdisplay documentation upon request what blanks are you printing on? 100% cotton dbh premium tee - 100% combed ringspun cotton; garment-dyed for premium softness and minimal shrinkage. what color of tees is available? black, white, ocean blue, kelly green, charcoal gray, silver, turquoise, red, purple, and navy what sizes are available? we are currently offering mens small, medium, large, x-large, xx-large can i return goods? dbh collective merchandise is printed specifically for you. every time you order a dbh collective item, we print it that same day. because we're printing it specifically for you, on the color you've chosen we cannot accept returns, unless it was: wrong design incorrect color defective garment if you believe that your item fits one of these descriptions, please contact customer service. can i upload a picture of my cat so you guys can print it on a tee? the dbh collective is invite only. we do not make do one offs or exceptions for this. if you'd like to be a dbh collective artist, learn how. how long will i wait for my dbh collective tee to be made? since they are made to order, your shirt will be processed and printed within 3 business days. will the artist benefit directly from me buying a tee? yes. dbh collective artist work hard and they should be paid for that. dbh pays a royalty to the artists for every t-shirt they've sold. what if i buy a shirt of the day printed tee and a dbh collective tee, how will it get shipped? design by humans currently has 2 shipping and fulfillment facilities in california. if you purchase a dbh collective item and a shirt of the day shirt, you can expect about 2-3 days extra for processing. if you've purchased just a dbh collective shirt, you can expect the normal turn around time. will my dbh collective tee require extra care when i wash it? you can wash it like any other tee. machine wash cold with like colors. only non-chlorine bleach when needed. tubmble dry low. do not iron if decorated. what kind of printing method are you using for dbh collective? design by humans prides itself on quality. we've searched the ends of the earth to find the best direct to garment printers that will give our customers the quality that they're used too. each order that is made through our website gets printed specifically for you, on the color shirt of your choice. is your direct to garment printing method environmentally friendly? yes. we are committed to green ideology and our inks are water-based, and metal free. the inks we use meet the international standard for the industry and have oeko-tex approval. art & design how does the dbh standard contest work? please click here to learn how our ongoing contest works. i just submitted a design, but i don't see it in the vote section yet. where is it? all submissions must first go through an internal screening process before being either accepted into our vote section, or rejected. this initial screening usually takes 24-72 hours (excluding weekends and holidays). once your submission is either accepted or rejected, you will receive an email notification. for further assistance, please email art@designbyhumans.com. what is the best program to use to create and resize my artwork so i can submit it to your site? there are many different programs that will work to accomplish this task. we like to use the adobe creative suite, but it is really up the artist. please also review our 101 sections for helpful tips and tricks. how do winning artists get paid? dbh pays winning artists through paypal. the cash prize will be transferred to the artist within five (5) business days from the day their winning design is announced on our site. for further assistance, please email art@designbyhumans.com. how are designs chosen to win? the daily contest winners are chosen on several factors including votes, comments, print-ability and staff input. the number of votes, which are cumulative, on a submission can differ greatly and the staff uses the votes as a rough guide at their discretion. thus it is not a sole deciding factor to whether or not a design gets printed. dbh also needs to take into consideration fraudulent votes that also alter the number. all designs are up on the site for voting for 90 days. once the 90-day voting period has expired, the designs are removed from the voting pool and remain in the artist's gallery. dbh reserves the right to make the final decision on winning designs. i have submitted my design to your site. i also want to submit it somewhere else. is this allowed? by submitting your design to dbh, you may not reproduce, sell, or submit the design to others for any commercial purpose for 90 days after the date of submission while designbyhumans.com is considering the design. once the 90 days have passed, if designbyhumans.com does not choose your design for print, you are free to use the design for any commercial or non-commercial purpose. in addition, if the design is used or reproduced for commercial purposes elsewhere, you cannot use the dbh blogs to promote the design or the company featuring the design. dbh reserves the right to choose your design after the 90 days have passed, on the condition that the design has not been used for commercial purposes on any items. if your design is selected, you may not use the design (or derivatives of the design) or allow others to use the design (or derivatives of the design) on any items. dbh will own complete rights to the design once you submit the high-res artwork and agree to the terms and conditions. when you submit your artwork you acknowledge that the design you are assigning to dbh is your own original work, has not been previously published, and does not contain any trademarks, logos, copyrighted material, or any other intellectual property belonging to any third party, or any material, which dbh in its sole discretion, deems to be profane or offensive. please email the art department for further assistance. how do i remove a design? please email the art department with a link to the design to be removed. if my design wins at dbh, do i have the rights to sell it to a third party? once a design is up for voting and selected for print, the artist relinquishes all rights to the artwork to dbh as described in the artist agreement contract. please review our terms and conditions or email the art department for further assistance. items on backorder for items that are currently on backorder please allow an additional 3-5 weeks to process. design by humans does its best to accurately estimate the demand for a product. when a product sells out quickly, we will often put an item into a backorder status. backorders will ship out as soon as we get the product back from our printers. domestic backorders if you have placed an order with multiple items and one is a backordered item, your backordered item will be shipped separately in a new package. international backorders in order to save you shipping costs, your entire order will be placed on hold until we receive the backorder item in our warehouse. once we receive the backordered item from our printer, your entire order will be shipped. miscellaneous is www.designbyhumans.com secure? dbh takes website security issues very seriously and uses the latest industry-standard ssl (secure sockets layer) encryption to protect your personal information. note the small pad-lock icon in the locked position that will appear in the lower-right corner or upper-right corner of your browser during each of the pages of the checkout process. can t-shirts be directly purchased at the dbh warehouse? dbh is not currently set up to process orders directly at our warehouse. how do i become a designbyhümans dealer? if you are interested in selling dbh products in your store, please fill out our wholesale approval application form. for u.s. and international wholesale inquiries please email wholesale. retailers are required to have a physical, brick-and-mortar location to be considered for approval. retailers that are exclusively internet-based will not be considered. can i change the information on my dbh account? to make any changes to your account, login, go to your profile page and click "edit account." how do i delete my dbh account? please change to: to delete your account, please email customer service with your username. all comments, forum posts, design submissions, and any/all account activity will be removed when the account is deleted. what is your privacy policy? view our privacy policy. contact info phone +855 333 9836 hours monday-friday, 8am-5pm returns address1262 humboldt avechico, ca 95928 follow dbh facebook twitter tumblr rss login create an account username password remember me forgot password? or login with facebook one less password to remember easily share with your friends we never post without your permission register, new human! login username password confirm password email address confirm email country albania algeria american samoa andorra angola anguilla antigua and barbuda argentina armenia aruba australia austria azerbaijan bahamas bahrain bangladesh barbados belarus belgium belize benin bermuda bhutan bolivia botswana brazil brunei darussalam bulgaria burundi cambodia cameroon canada cape verde cayman islands chad chile china colombia congo cook islands costa rica croatia cyprus czech republic denmark djibouti dominica dominican republic ecuador egypt el salvador equatorial guinea eritrea estonia ethiopia fiji finland france french guiana french polynesia gabon gambia georgia germany ghana gibraltar greece greenland grenada guadeloupe guatemala guernsey guinea guinea-bissau guyana haiti honduras hong kong hungary iceland india indonesia ireland isle of man israel italy jamaica japan jordan kazakhstan kenya korea, republic of kuwait kyrgyzstan latvia lebanon lesotho liechtenstein lithuania luxembourg macedonia madagascar malawi maldives mali malta marshall islands martinique mauritania mauritius mexico moldova, republic of monaco mongolia montserrat morocco mozambique myanmar namibia nepal netherlands netherlands antilles new caledonia new zealand nicaragua niger norway oman pakistan palau panama papua new guinea paraguay peru philippines poland portugal qatar romania russia rwanda saint lucia san marino saudi arabia senegal serbia seychelles sierra leone singapore slovakia slovenia south africa spain sri lanka suriname swaziland sweden switzerland taiwan thailand togo trinidad and tobago tunisia turkey uganda ukraine united arab emirates united kingdom united states uruguay uzbekistan vanuatu venezuela virgin islands, british virgin islands, u.s. yemen zambia zimbabwe get dbh news, sales, and discounts! agree to the terms and conditions. or join dbh with facebook one less password to remember easily share with your friends we never post without your permission facebook twitter tweet google + 1 tumblr share on tumblr rss rss feed join our newsletter! receive coupons, discounts, and the latest news! shop men's shirts women's shirts kid's shirts 50 most wanted limited edition tees the dark knight rises shirts last chance tees size chart t-shirt categories gift cards vote in the running special contests submit submit a design dbh 101s rules and prizes terms and conditions community forums dbh news artist interviews critique designs information dbh collective about dbh contact us f.a.q. shipping & returns careers terms of service privacy policy wholesale affiliates © 2013 designbyhümans