来源URL: https://web.archive.org/web/20131229201718/http://www.designbyhumans.com/blog/
================================================================================

t shirt design, fashion, and tips from design by humans welcome to design by humans fast & free shipping view details » t-shirts men's shirts women's shirts new winning shirts diablo iii collective shirts 50 most wanted shirts collective shirts gallery phone cases new phone cases best phone cases iphone 5/5s iphone 5c iphone 4/4s ipod touch samsung galaxy s4 art prints new prints best prints 8" x 10" 12" x 18" 16" x 20" 20" x 24" 24" x 36" new sale collective shop by artist shop all collective art become a dbh artist contests submit vote contest vault diablo iii community blog forum our story be a dbh artist search for art » search for members » search in forums » toggle search options search login register need help? cart0 3 0 diy watercolor tees 3 days ago we’ve recently noticed a ton of new artists uploading stunning tee designs with watercolor effects. these designs use anything from simple illustrations and watery-looking photoshop brushes to real photos and revealing techniques. these effects can give your tees a truly unique look that makes it seem as if you painted your design right onto the shirt. check out featured watercolor tees and create your own watercolor design with our 10-step photoshop lesson below. new dbh watercolor tees a louca by alexbadaro this design features a simple illustration of a skull-woman that has been “painted” with watercolors. eternal sunset by slamgirl65 this design uses a revealing technique and vector images to create this brightly colored sunset. our tutorial below explains more about to re-create a design like this! perfect harmony v2 by daletheskater similar to “a louca” above, this design uses a simple, yet detailed illustration that is colored with watercolor brushes. gambler by 7sixes in this design real photos are layered between watercolor brushes with thick strokes. the thick brush strokes and darker colors really give off the impression of process work. create your own watercolor tees with photoshop in 10 easy steps first, you will need 2 stock photos of your choice (1 of an image and 1 of a texture) and a set of watercolor photoshop brushes from somewhere like brusheezy. for more info on how to install these brushes into photoshop, click here. the same process will work on a mac. step 1: open photoshop and create a new document. for this example i chose a simple 2000 × 2000 pixel sqaure with 300 dpi. step 2: add a new layer to this document and fill it with white. make sure your foreground and background colors are black and white. step 3: with layer 1 selected, go to filter>texture>texturizer. use canvas for the texture, 75% for the scaling, 3 for the relief and for the light choose top right. step 4: add your texture photo to your document, making sure it is on top of all your other layers. set the opacity to 75%. step 5: add your image to your document. then go to layer>group layer. the will place the layer of your image inside a folder in the layer palette. select that folder and go to layer>layer mask>hide all. this will hide your image under your texture layer so you can start “revealing” it with the watercolor brushes. step 6: select one of the watercolor brushes from your palette. make sure the color of this brush is white. begin “painting” on the layer mask group you just created. your image should begin appearing through your texture photo. step 7: choose another brush and revealing more of your photo. experiment and try different opacities, too! just make sure to keep the brush strokes visible – that’s what gives off the watercolor effect. step 8: now it’s time to add some color. add another layer beneath your group layer that has your image in it. (i named mine “watercolors”). select a different watercolor brush and begin “painting” over your image with different colors that complement your image. step 9: add more wateroclor effect to your image by adjusting its’ color. select the image and go to image>adjustment>photo filter. then, select the warming filter (85) and 55% for the density. make sure the preserve luminosity box is checked. step 10: finally, let’s add some more texture for more artist effects. select your image and go to filter>artistic>dry brush. select 0 for the brush size, 9 for the brush detail and 1 for the texture. here’s the final design! this minimalistic tee features the ever-famous “pocket” design with the watercolor effects we just created. congratulations on finishing the tutorial! while delicate-looking flowers and painterly designs might not be for everyone, we hope these effects and tutorial inspire you to create something new. good luck on your next great tee design! here are some extra links with helpful tutorial and free watercolor brushes: free photoshop brushes and tips/tutorial sites for watercolor design illustrator watercolor design tutorial 500+ free watercolor photoshop brushes more » 3 0 dbh global artists: spain 5 days ago here at design by humans, we pride ourselves on cultivating an art community with the most creative and talented artists in the world. in a series of dbh blogs, we’ll be featuring international artists to highlight and discuss their artistic styles, beginning with spain. spain is home to some amazingly talented artists here at design by humans…... more » 3 0 designbydisorder artist interview 1 week ago design by disorder is a creative power plant headed by nick beaulieu. after tackling the position of lead designer, nick set out to create top level designs for his freelance clients. nick’s crisp vector lines and excellent typography sets him apart from the pack and his subtle but cynical attitude always ads an extra flare. learn more in his artist interview… more » 1 1 unique character tees 1 week ago “imagination is the beginning of creation. you imagine what you desire, you will what you imagine, and at last, you create what you will” – george bernard tons of unique, funny and weird character designs have been surfacing here at designbyhumans. these quirky characters range from sweet monsters to dorky animals and have us smiling from ear to ear. ... more » 3 0 100th anniversary of the t shirt 2 weeks ago t shirt, tee, under shirt – whatever you call it, these pieces of fabric have had our backs for over 100 years! we throw them on when we’re off to school, heading to the gym, or just kicking back. they’re our go-to piece of clothing because they’re simple and comfortable – but they weren’t always around! read more to see how the t shirt because a main staple of american fashion…. more » 5 0 pop culture character tees 2 weeks ago we’ve already featured pop culture tees with sitcom and tv show designs, but what about the characters tees themselves? our artists have been hard at work designing artwork that pays tribute to some of the most famous and well-loved characters in pop culture. some of these designs also feature pop culture mashups with multiples themes. get a laugh out of the designs … more » 7 1 two heads are better than one: 4 inspiring artists that work in pairs 3 weeks ago many people say that great things come in pairs, and we couldn’t agree more. when it comes to truly inspiring artwork, two designers can be better than one. all artists have their own distinct styles, motivations, and preferences. when combined, these unique styles can complement each other, resulting in some rare pieces of art and some amazing collaborations. ... more » 2 0 new social media giveaways 3 weeks ago big news! design by humans has unleashed two brand-new social media giveaways for our fans. enter these awesome giveaways for a chance to win free dbh tees every week. be prepared to have your mind blown… ... more » 2 1 up-and-coming minimalist t-shirt design 1 month ago there’s something about minimalist design that is undeniably appealing. the process is not as easy as creating artwork with little effort, using few shapes and lines. when creating a minimalist design, an artist must keep in mind the following five design principles…... more » 4 0 notable newish collective art, graphic tees and cases 1 month ago at design by humans, there is a multitude of fresh and fantastic new graphic tees uploaded daily. it’s tough to catch these designs while they’re still new-new, so please enjoy these new-ish collective stores and newish collective art, chock-full splendiferous talent that is probably not so new…. more » categories view everything dbh news artist interviews chatter critique requests resources + create new forum topic search forums search popular threads the works in progress thread by asher2789 - posted in chatter wip thread volume 2 by biotwist - posted in chatter random whatever thread by thestray - posted in chatter what music are you currently listening to? by matteyer - posted in chatter thread to request for reprints!! by collisiontheory - posted in requests recent t-shirt comments very nice :) by neilss1 - posted in awesome texturing, lovin the weird suffused glow by mrfourfingers - posted in bearspray beautiful by mrfourfingers - posted in lovely design, looks great on that dark grey by mrfourfingers - posted in crazy good good drawing by mrfourfingers - posted in recent contest comments looks good, man! by deadbugdesign - posted in nice work by cmeli - posted in amazing! very nice. by ouroboroso - posted in how the fuck is this not in the top 21 you people on here have horrible ... by niteterroz - posted in sixth sense @outcast84 do you know when this will be available for purchase? love it! by missmangles - posted in a beautiful disguise login create my account username password remember me forgot password? or login with facebook one less password to remember easily share with your friends we never post without your permission register, new human! login username password confirm password email address confirm email country afghanistan aland islands albania algeria american samoa andorra angola anguilla antarctica antigua and barbuda argentina armenia aruba australia austria azerbaijan bahamas bahrain bangladesh barbados belarus belgium belize benin bermuda bhutan bolivia bosnia and herzegovina botswana bouvet island brazil british indian ocean territory brunei darussalam bulgaria burkina faso burundi cambodia cameroon canada cape verde cayman islands central african republic chad chile china christmas island cocos (keeling) islands colombia comoros congo congo, the democratic republic of the cook islands costa rica cote d'ivoire croatia cuba cyprus czech republic denmark djibouti dominica dominican republic ecuador egypt el salvador equatorial guinea eritrea estonia ethiopia falkland islands (malvinas) faroe islands fiji finland france french guiana french polynesia french southern territories gabon gambia georgia germany ghana gibraltar greece greenland grenada guadeloupe guam guatemala guernsey guinea guinea-bissau guyana haiti heard island and mcdonald islands holy see (vatican city state) honduras hong kong hungary iceland in a galaxy far, far away... india indonesia iran, islamic republic of iraq ireland isle of man israel italy jamaica japan jersey jordan kazakhstan kenya kiribati korea, democratic people's republic of korea, republic of kuwait kyrgyzstan lao people's democratic republic latvia lebanon lesotho liberia libyan arab jamahiriya liechtenstein lithuania luxembourg macao macedonia madagascar malawi malaysia maldives mali malta marshall islands martinique mauritania mauritius mayotte mexico micronesia, federated states of moldova, republic of monaco mongolia montenegro montserrat morocco mozambique myanmar namibia nauru nepal netherlands netherlands antilles new caledonia new zealand nicaragua niger nigeria niue norfolk island northern mariana islands norway oman pakistan palau palestinian territory, occupied panama papua new guinea paraguay peru philippines pitcairn poland portugal puerto rico qatar reunion romania russia rwanda saint barthelemy saint helena saint kitts and nevis saint lucia saint martin (french part) saint pierre and miquelon saint vincent and the grenadines samoa san marino sao tome and principe saudi arabia senegal serbia seychelles sierra leone singapore slovakia slovenia solomon islands somalia south africa south georgia and the south sandwich islands spain sri lanka sudan suriname svalbard and jan mayen swaziland sweden switzerland syrian arab republic taiwan tajikistan tanzania, united republic of thailand timor-leste togo tokelau tonga trinidad and tobago tunisia turkey turkmenistan turks and caicos islands tuvalu uganda ukraine united arab emirates united kingdom united states united states minor outlying islands uruguay uzbekistan vanuatu venezuela viet nam virgin islands, british virgin islands, u.s. wallis and futuna western sahara yemen zambia zimbabwe get dbh news, sales, and discounts! agree to the terms and conditions. or join dbh with facebook one less password to remember easily share with your friends we never post without your permission facebook instagram follow twitter follow @designbyhumans google + 1 tumblr share on tumblr rss rss feed join our newsletter! get $5 off when you sign up! shop t-shirts phone cases art prints new sale 50 most wanted shop by look shop by categories gift cards dbh collective be a dbh artist shop all collective products shop by collective artist community blog forums vote submit a design customer service contact us help size chart frequently asked questions glossary shipping, tracking and returns terms of service redeem a gift card privacy policy information our story how design by humans works careers wholesale affiliates sitemap © 2014 designbyhümans