来源URL: https://web.archive.org/web/20141226024647/http://www.designbyhumans.com/blog/
================================================================================

t shirt design, fashion, and tips from design by humans welcome to design by humans fast & free shipping view details » men's t-shirts tank tops hoodies - new! sweatshirts top 50 most wanted diablo iii collective tee grinder sale women's t-shirts tank tops hoodies - new! sweatshirts top 50 most wanted diablo iii collective tee grinder sale new hoodies - new! pullovers zip ups art prints new prints best prints 8" x 10" 12" x 18" 16" x 20" 20" x 24" 24" x 36" phone cases new phone cases best phone cases iphone 5/5s iphone 6 iphone 6 plus iphone 5c iphone 4/4s ipod touch samsung galaxy s4 samsung galaxy s5 art contests contest details vote submit design contest vault be a dbh artist search login register need help? 0 0 0 day in the life of dbh staff: jeff 8 hours ago what’s it really like to be a part of the design by humans workforce? do we all our employees work in a cave or do we let them out for air time to time? what’s it like at the top? find out in this week’s “day in the life series” (ditlo): dbh staff. this week we follow jeff, co-owner & managing partner of design by humans when i was 24, i was straight out of college and fresh off the corporate employment bus. in college, everyone is looking for a job, stability and a way to pay down their student loans. i was one of them. i worked at a massive fortune 500 company for about a year. everyday i went to work i lost a little part of my soul. that elevator climb to the 5th floor, the stretch breaks at 10am and 2pm, the hawaiian shirt fridays were just too much for me to handle. after working there for one year, i knew this wasn’t the life for me. i moved back to chico and i started a web design business out of my 2 bedroom apartment. i loved web design and i thought i could make a business out of it. i was right, i could, but it wasn’t easy. at one point i remember only eating tostadas for a week because all i could afford was rice, beans, and tortillas. what kept me going was the work ethic my father taught me, and the fact that everyone told me i should “just go get a job”. i had to prove them all wrong. there was no documentation manual, no step by step webinar on how to start a business, just the school of getting shit done and never giving up. for the past 3 years i’ve had the opportunity to lead a talented team at design by humans who are the true geniuses. the website, the apparel innovation, the print on-demand automation are a product of the design by humans team who comes to work everyday to make it a great experience for our customers, and build a community of the worlds greatest t-shirt designers. - – - – - – - – - – - – - – - – - – - – - – - – - – - – - – - – - – - – - – - – - – - – - – - – - – - – - – - – - – a typical day for me, might not be so typical for most. i’m up at 5:00am to check my emails. i get my day started by having a cup of coffee and going through emails and assigning tasks as needed. around 5:30am or so i’ll head to the core where i will work out with the biggest tee enthusiast i’ve ever met, steve for about an hour or so. he must have at least 150 dbh tees. no joke. somewhere between when i get home and go to work i’ll typically run through another round of emails and hit the road to drop off my son jack at preschool. most mornings i stop at local coffee shop beatniks to grab an americano before work. i’m there so often that i have my own account plus they’ve usually made my drink by the time i walk in the door. i have a nickname, quad man, because i drink 4 shot americanos. if you’re ever there, you should try the frank sinatra. after i arrive at the office between 7:30 and 8, my days are separated by today’s tasks and tomorrow’s strategies. my day consists of daily meetings, conference calls, but most of all making sure that all departments and aspects of the company move forward. it’s safe to say that no two days are ever the same. my day lives and dies by my google calendar and my moleskine notebook. i used to put all my fancy notes into evernote, but 5 years ago i decided to actually write things down. weird i know! i now have 5 years worth of notes, goals and thoughts that i review on a regular basis. somewhere around dinner time, i’ll head home to eat dinner with my wife monika, son jack, and daughter olivia. i’ll eat and play with them for a couple hours. i’m quite the lego builder. once they’re in bed around 9 or so, i’m back at my laptop until 11 or 12. i’ll head to bed around that time and start it all over again. - – - – - – - – - – - – - – - – - – - – - – - – - – - – - – - – - – - – - – - – - – - – - – - – - – - – - – - – - – a day in the life of a entrepreneur’s is much different than you might think. with all the startup hype, the media shows you the highs of making it big with the next 3 billion dollar company to sell to zuckerburg. before all those highs are sleepless nights, grinding 20 hours a day, and you have to pick your goals and define what you’re willing to sacrifice to achieve them. working with a diverse group of over 15,000 artists and a super talented team at design by humans definitely makes all the difference. art, design, and tech are a passion of mine and i love that i get to bring them all together on a daily basis to bring our customers a truly awesome product. wait until you see what we have in store for 2015. more » 4 0 mystery shirts blowout! 3 days ago it’s time for a mystery tee blowout sale! we are giving you the chance to get your hands on some great dbh tees! what could you get?...anything! we have some classic t-shirts, some all over prints and of course 100s of shirts from the dbh collective. interested to see what you’ll get?... more » 0 0 geometric tees 1 week ago no one wants to go back to high school geometry, but math really is a beautiful thing. ever looked up at a building and noticed the lines in skyscrapers? how lines meet, and angles are formed is math (i know…yawn) but nature has some amazing geometric lines as well, colorful, abstract and just a little obscure. geometric tees are gaining speed and simple shapes that make such complex designs…. more » 0 0 speed running for charity 1 week ago in the spirit of agdq, design by humans donated some art prints to giveaway. if you go donate between the listed times you can be in the running for one of two great art prints by moysche!... more » 1 0 what's your new years resolution? 2 weeks ago 3…2…1…happy new year!!! all of us here at design by humans want to wish you a happy new year! a new year means, new artists, new designs, and new challenges. to celebrate we have put together a some of the more common new years resolutions and some great shirts to get you motivated to keep that resolution…maybe just for the first month or two, but hey, that’s something!... more » 6 1 2015 trend kick off by wotto 3 weeks ago each year new trends emerge and take a hold of the design world. here at design by humans we have a skilled team that can look into the future and predict what trends might be around the corner. 2014 saw a lot of trends based on parody, tv shows and gaming. while those themes will stick around there will be new fresh ideas blossoming all year long…. more » 24 3 the very best of 2014 3 weeks ago as the year quickly rolls out it is time to look back over our data and see who where the top performers of 2014. it’s been a huge year for design by humans with new products, partnerships and inspiring contests. the most exciting area of the site has been the growth of the collective, more specifically the dedication and creative brilliance of the artists we represent…. more » 0 0 snow day tees (and hoodies!) 1 month ago burrrrr it’s getting chilly out there. snow is falling, fireplaces are firing up, what better time for a nice warm hoodie featuring a pleasant snow scene. grab that cup of cocoa and put on your favorite movie to celebrate these design by humans snow day tees (and hoodies!)... more » 1 0 national cat herders day 1 month ago national cat herder’s day is a day to celebrate those who, in their day-to-day lives, find that what they are doing is herding cats, whether literally or figuratively (and obviously for those who love cats!) if you can say that your job, or even your life, is like trying to herd cats, then this day is for you. check out some of design by humans most popular cat related t-shirts…. more » 2 0 national ice cream day 1 month ago i scream, you scream, we all scream, for ice cream – especially on a day that is celebrated as national ice cream day (thank you president ronald reagan). chase down that ice cream truck, or head to the freezer section of your local supermarket and grab yourself a delicious ice cream cone, sundae, milkshake, pop, or what ever else you can think of made out of ice cream…. more » categories view everything dbh news artist interviews chatter critique requests resources + create new forum topic search forums search popular threads the works in progress thread by asher2789 - posted in chatter wip thread volume 2 by biotwist - posted in chatter random whatever thread by thestray - posted in chatter thread to request for reprints!! by collisiontheory - posted in requests what music are you currently listening to? by matteyer - posted in chatter recent t-shirt comments wow. look at my lion design here! "http://www.designbyhumans.com/shop/t-... by 24julien - posted in awesome. look at my lion design here! "http://www.designbyhumans.com/sh... by 24julien - posted in really cool! look at mine lion design here! "http://www.designbyhumans.c... by 24julien - posted in really great! i'm sure you will love this too (i talk too people who lov... by 24julien - posted in amazing! by vanynany - posted in recent contest comments finance functions within police forces to be transformed from a silo bas... by jamesanna42 - posted in keren... by satria - posted in good design by satria - posted in good design by satria - posted in awesome by satria - posted in login create my account username password remember me forgot password? login or login with facebook one less password to remember easily share with your friends we never post without your permission facebook instagram follow twitter follow @designbyhumans google + 1 tumblr share on tumblr rss rss feed join our newsletter! sign up for our newsletter shop t-shirts tank tops sweatshirts phone cases art prints new sale 50 most wanted shop by look shop by categories gift cards dbh collective be a dbh artist shop all collective products shop by collective artist community blog forums vote submit a design social giveaways customer service contact us help size chart frequently asked questions glossary shipping, tracking, and returns terms of service redeem a gift card privacy policy information our story how design by humans works careers wholesale affiliates sitemap © 2015 designbyhümans