来源URL: https://web.archive.org/web/20141226024647/http://www.designbyhumans.com/help/shipping-returns/
================================================================================

t shirt help welcome to design by humans fast & free shipping view details » men's t-shirts tank tops hoodies - new! sweatshirts top 50 most wanted diablo iii collective tee grinder sale women's t-shirts tank tops hoodies - new! sweatshirts top 50 most wanted diablo iii collective tee grinder sale new hoodies - new! pullovers zip ups art prints new prints best prints 8" x 10" 12" x 18" 16" x 20" 20" x 24" 24" x 36" phone cases new phone cases best phone cases iphone 5/5s iphone 6 iphone 6 plus iphone 5c iphone 4/4s ipod touch samsung galaxy s4 samsung galaxy s5 art contests contest details vote submit design contest vault be a dbh artist search login register need help? 0 hours monday-friday, 8am-5pm pst phone +855 333 9836 submit a question service@designbyhumans.com order status view your order » help & faq size chart shipping & returns terms of service privacy policy glossary available colors redeem a gift card shipping, tracking and returns welcome to our shipping, tracking, and returns policy page. please review the below information to find answers to any of your questions regarding our policies. shipping services design by humans provides the below shipping services. please note not all services are available for each product type and all delivery time frames are estimates. actual delivery time frames may vary due to weather, service delays, holidays etc. free shipping is available for apparel only on orders within the continental united states that have an after-discount subtotal value of $75 or more through fedex smartpost only. domestic free shipping does not apply to hawaii, alaska, or puerto rico or any order shipped outside the continental united states. international flat rate shipping is available for apparel only orders that have an after-discount subtotal value of $125 or more through fedex international mail only. domestic services usps first class mail (6-10 business days) usps first class mail is the least expensive option for usps services and has an average delivery window of 6-10 days depending on the final delivery location zip code. there is limited tracking with the final delivery made by usps (united states postal service). usps first class mail may be selected for orders being shipped to a p.o. box. usps first class mail will take a few more days for locations like hawaii, alaska, puerto rico or any orders shipped outside the united states. this service is available for apo, dpo and fpo addresses and non-contiguous u.s. states and territories. usps priority mail (2-4 business days) usps priority mail is an expedited option and the average delivery window is 2-4 days depending on the final delivery location zip code. there is limited tracking with the final delivery made by usps (united states postal service). usps priority mail may be selected for orders being shipped to a p.o. box. usps priority mail will take a few more days for locations like hawaii, alaska, puerto rico or any orders shipped outside the united states. this service is available for apo, dpo and fpo addresses and non-contiguous u.s. states and territories. fedex smartpost (7-18 business days) fedex smartpost is the least expensive option and the average delivery window is 2-7 days depending on the final delivery location zip code. there is limited tracking with the final delivery made by usps (united states postal service). fedex smartpost must be selected for orders being shipped to a p.o. box. fedex smartpost will take a few more days for locations like hawaii, alaska, puerto rico or any orders shipped outside the united states. this service is available for apo, dpo and fpo addresses and non-contiguous u.s. states and territories. fedex ground/home delivery (2-5 business days) fedex ground/home delivery offers full door-to-door tracking. select this option for faster delivery and up to date tracking. this service is offered for continental united states. non-continental united states, u.s. territories, or p.o. boxes are not included. fedex express saver (3 business days) fedex express saver is an expedited shipping option that offers full door-to-door tracking. fedex express saver is available throughout all states except alaska and hawaii. fedex express saver will arrive by 4:30pm to a business or 7:00pm to residences. this service is not available for p.o. boxes or apo, dpo and fpo addresses. fedex 2day (2 business days) fedex 2day is an expedited shipping option that offers full door-to-door tracking. fedex 2day is an available shipping option throughout all 50 states. fedex 2day will arrive by 4:30pm to a business or 7:00pm to a residence. this service is not available for p.o. boxes or apo, dpo and fpo addresses. fedex priority overnight (next business day) fedex priority overnight is an expedited shipping option that offers full door-to-door tracking. fedex priority overnight is an available shipping option throughout all 50 states. fedex priority overnight will arrive the next business day by 10:30 a.m. to most u.s. addresses; by noon, 4:30 p.m. or 5 p.m. in remote areas; by noon, 1:30 p.m. or 4:30 p.m. on saturdays. this service is not available for p.o. boxes or apo, dpo and fpo addresses. international services we ship to over 180 countries annually. once you have added at least one product to your shopping cart and provided a shipping address, shipping options will be shown. for shipments outside the u.s., your order may be subject to vat (value added tax), import duties and taxes, which are levied once your package reaches your country. dbh ships your package ddu (duties and taxes unpaid), and does not collect the vat, duties and/or taxes and cannot predict what your particular charges may be. if you do incur these additional charges, they must be rendered in order for your package to clear customs. for more information regarding your country's custom policies, please contact your local customs office. unfortunately, dbh is not able to request for your order to be shipped by a specific carrier. carriers are determined for each order by package weight and product shipping restrictions. usps international economy (average delivery time: 1-6 weeks) usps international economy does not offer tracking services outside of the usa. if your order is being shipped outside of the u.s. and you would like door-to-door tracking with the shipment, design by humans highly recommends selecting the fedex international priority option. fedex international mail (average delivery time: 1-4 weeks) fedex international mail does not offer tracking services outside of the usa. fedex international mail packages are limited to 5.25 pounds or less if your order is being shipped outside of the u.s. and you would like door-to-door tracking with the shipment, design by humans highly recommends selecting the fedex international priority option. fedex international priority (average delivery time: 2-9 business days) fedex international priority offers full tracking from the moment we ship it to delivery at your door. if you want to be able to track your package as it travels around the world this is the service to select. design by humans apparel returns for shipped merchandise will be for the cost of the merchandise only, shipping costs are non-refundable. a refund will be sent back to the original form of payment for qualifying merchandise only. all merchandise must be unworn and unwashed and in the same condition received within: 30 days of purchase for us orders 45 days of purchase for us orders during holiday sales 60 days of purchase for all international orders dbh collective or digitally printed (printed just for you) items can be returned for store credit only. full refunds for dbh collective or digitally printed goods will only be provided under the following circumstances: damaged goods from shipping misprinted goods defective goods if you believe your item falls under one of the above reasons please contact service@designbyhumans.com within fourteen (14) days of receipt of the item. if your return/exchange does fall under one of these reasons design by humans will reimburse your shipping costs when your item is received and processed. please allow up to five (5) business days to process any qualifying return/exchange. packages shipped back to us without tracking that fail to arrive are the responsibility of the customer. exchanges must be made for like apparel of equal or lesser value. if the requested item for exchange is out of stock, the customer will be contacted via email. however, if there is no response within three (3) business days, the exchange will be processed as a return. if you purchase new items to replace a return ahead of time, please provide your order number for validation. we do not accept worn or washed merchandise. any merchandise suspected of being previously worn and/or washed will be returned to the customer at their expense. all return shipping charges are the responsibility of the customer unless design by humans was at fault for any reason. if the fault was ours, your shipping expense will be refunded to you. design by humans will only reimburse standard shipping expenses. expedited or express services will not be reimbursed. all sale items and tee grinder bundles are final and are ineligible for return or exchange. design by humans phone cases all phone cases are digitally printed (printed just for you) for every order placed. because every case is personalized just for your phone, cases are ineligible for return or exchange except under the following circumstances: damaged in transit misprinted defective if you believe your item falls under one of the above reasons please contact service@designbyhumans.com within fourteen (14) days of receipt of the item. if your return/exchange does fall under one of these reasons design by humans will reimburse your shipping costs when your item is received and processed. please allow up to five (5) business days to process any qualifying return/exchange. packages shipped back to us without tracking that fail to arrive are the responsibility of the customer. design by humans artwork all artwork is digitally printed (printed just for you) for every order placed. because every piece of artwork is personalized just for your home, artwork is ineligible for return or exchange except under the following circumstances: damaged in transit misprinted defective if you believe your item falls under one of the above reasons please contact service@designbyhumans.com within fourteen (14) days of receipt of the item. if your return/exchange does fall under one of these reasons design by humans will reimburse your shipping costs when your item is received and processed. please allow up to five (5) business days to process any qualifying return/exchange. packages shipped back to us without tracking that fail to arrive are the responsibility of the customer. all artwork must be in the same condition it was received in. pinholes or any damaged artwork not resulting from transit will not be accepted and refused at the customers cost. order status and tracking guest checkout orders cannot be tracked at this time. we make it easy for any order placed under a design by humans account to be tracked. to track an order that was placed while logged into a design by humans account please follow these instructions: click "profile" in the upper right while logged in click "orders" on the right side of the profile menu bar click "view" for the order you're wanting to track if shipped and trackable a link will be present at the bottom of the order view page. order status labels new - order has been received into our system printing - order is being printed on hold - one of your items is on backorder or we require additional information. please contact customer service at service@designbyhumans.com with your order number processing - your order has been approved and is currently being assembled shipped - your order has left our fulfillment centers and is on its way to you! refunded - your order has been cancelled and/or refunded. please check your email. useful shipping/tracking info: all orders have a 3-5 day processing time frame depending on the products in the order shipping time frames are estimates and calculated after order processing only fedex smartpost and usps first class mail can deliver to a po box. if you selected a service such as fedex international mail or usps international economy that does not offer tracking services there will not be a link in the "view" section of your orders. if you did not complete the account creation process before you placed your order, please refer to your order confirmation email for instructions on how to complete your design by humans account creation. what happens if my order is lost? if you suspect that your order is lost, please contact customer service at service@designbyhumans.com for assistance. we will work with the carrier service to the best of our ability, but if you selected a service that does not provide tracking details we may not be able to find out much. if a package is in fact lost, design by humans is not responsible for reimbursing shipping costs or the replacement of the merchandise for any non-trackable order. login create my account username password remember me forgot password? login or login with facebook one less password to remember easily share with your friends we never post without your permission facebook instagram follow twitter follow @designbyhumans google + 1 tumblr share on tumblr rss rss feed join our newsletter! sign up for our newsletter shop t-shirts tank tops sweatshirts phone cases art prints new sale 50 most wanted shop by look shop by categories gift cards dbh collective be a dbh artist shop all collective products shop by collective artist community blog forums vote submit a design social giveaways customer service contact us help size chart frequently asked questions glossary shipping, tracking, and returns terms of service redeem a gift card privacy policy information our story how design by humans works careers wholesale affiliates sitemap © 2015 designbyhümans