来源URL: https://web.archive.org/web/20231227095753/https://www.designbyhumans.com/help/policies/privacy
================================================================================

t shirt help holiday guide apparel ships free free worldwide shipping on apparel over $75* open a store shop popular artists brands discover search 0 customer support hours monday-friday, 8am-5pm pst contact customer support find my order status categories close f.a.q. fit guide size chart shipping returns available colors redeem gift cards website privacy policy effective date: may 25, 2018 1. introduction dbh worldwide, llc ("us," "we," "our," "company," "design by humans," or "dbh") is committed to respecting the privacy rights of its customers, store owners, visitors, and other users of the company website ("the site") at www.designbyhumans.com and the services provided through the site (the "services"). we created this privacy policy ("privacy policy") to give you confidence as you visit and use the site, and to demonstrate our commitment to fair information practices and the protection of privacy. this privacy policy describes how design by humans collects, discloses, stores, transfers, and uses information that could individually identify our users ("personal data") in connection with our service. this privacy policy is only applicable to the site, and not to any other websites that you may be able to access from the site, each of which may have data collection, storage, and use practices and policies that differ materially from this privacy policy. by using the site, you agree to be bound by the terms of this privacy policy. if you do not agree with these terms, please do not use the site. 2. types of information collected in order for you to access certain services and to purchase items and products that we offer via the site, we may require you to provide us with certain information that personally identifies you ("personal information"). personal information includes: contact information: we collect basic contact information such as your first name, last name, mailing address, email address, date of birth, and social media handles. financial account information: information that you provide in connection with your purchase or your payment of the service, including credit card number, credit card expiration date, credit card company, paypal email, and amazon payment email. all financial data you may supply shall be collected and processed by third party business partners for the performance of core services, including, but not limited to, payments processing of orders via the site. use of service data: data collected while you are using our service such as search history, browse history, download history, favorites, votes, follows, purchase history, cart data, and check out data. user account information: information that identifies you to the service, such as your user name, store name, email address, password, and ip address. for example, we use this information to authenticate you when you log in to the service, and use the ip address to help maintain your web session security while using the service. public user content: information and personal data that you choose to submit while using our service such as images, photos, comments, and other content, information and materials. user feedback: if you contact us to provide feedback, register a complaint, or ask a question, we will record any personal information and other content that you provide in your communication so that we can effectively respond to your communication. any such contact with dbh should be made pursuant to section 9, below. traffic data: information automatically tracked and collected by the service about how you use our service, such as (i) ip addresses; (ii) domain servers; (iii) device and browser type accessing the site; (iv) operating system; (v) types of web browsers used to access the site; (vi) the pages or features of our website or service to which you browsed; (vii) time spent on those pages or features; (viii) the frequency with which the service is used; (ix) search terms used and (x) links on the service that you clicked on or used (collectively "traffic data"). site traffic data is anonymous information that does not personally identify you but is helpful for marketing purposes or for improving your experience on the site. we also collect usage and performance information that is not personal data or that we aggregate or de-identify so that it no longer personally identifies an individual. we also associate some data that is not personal data with personal data. important note: if you communicate with us via e-mail, or otherwise complete online forms, surveys, or product reviews, any information provided in such communication may be collected as personal information. we use commercially reasonable efforts to ensure that the collection of personal information is limited to that which is necessary to fulfill the purposes identified in section 3, below. we will not use your information in a manner different than the purpose for which it is collected, without obtaining your consent prior to such use. we collect personal data when you (i) create an account (a "user account"); (ii) sign up for a store (a "store owner account"); (iii) log into the service; (iv) interact with the service; (v) upload or generate user content; (vi) communicate with us; (vii) respond to a communication or interaction from us; (viii) add items to your cart; (ix) purchase or sell anything on our site; and (ix) subscribe to our email lists some other methods and tools we use to collect personal data are: unique identifiers: we and our third party service providers use unique identifiers such as cookies, e-mail or your pseudonymized user id and store owner id, username, to track individual usage behavior on our service, such as the length of time spent on a particular page and the pages viewed during a particular log-in period. unique identifiers collect information about a user?s use of our service on an individual basis. cookies and other tracking technologies: we and our third-party partners, such as our advertising and analytics partners, use cookies and other tracking technologies (e.g., web beacons, device identifiers and pixels) to provide functionality and to recognize you across different services and devices. we may use both session cookies (which expire once you close your browser) and persistent cookies (which stay on your computer until you delete them). persistent cookies can be removed by following your browser help file directions. through these cookies, we may collect information about your online activity after you leave our service. these tracking tools help us learn more about our users and analyze how users use the service, such as how often users visit our service, what features they use, what pages they visit, what emails they open, and what other sites or applications they used prior to and after visited the service. if you choose to disable cookies, some areas of the site may not work properly or at all. design by humans uses cookies to collect information around abandoned shopping carts. a cart is considered abandoned within one hour of inactivity/lack of purchase. once the cart is considered abandoned, an sms message will be sent as a reminder. third-party widgets: some parts of our services may contain widgets and social media features, such as the twitter "tweet" button, or the facebook "like" button. these widgets and features collect your ip address, the page you are visiting, and may set a cookie to enable the feature to function properly. widgets and social media features are either hosted by a third party or hosted directly on our services. your interactions with these features are governed by the privacy policy of the company providing it. third-party marketing: we also engage a third-party partner for the purpose of identifying users and delivering to them marketing on our behalf (i.e. email or direct mail). our partners may collect information directly from your device, such as your ip address, device id, and information about your browser or operating system; may combine personal and non-personal information about you with information from other sources; and may place or recognize a unique cookie on your browser. this activity enables them to identify you to facilitate the delivery of marketing on our behalf. to opt out of recognition services, please go to https://idx.listrakbi.com/opt-out.html. to opt out of third-party cookies, please go to http://www.aboutads.info/choices. enforcement: we may use the information we collect in connection with your use of the site or services in order to investigate, enforce, and apply our terms of use and privacy policy. 3. uses of information collected (i) we use contact data to send you company information, services information, product information, promotional information, and updates from our company, affiliates, and some of our partners; (ii) to provide, and improve our service; (iii) better understand your needs and interests; (iv) fulfill requests you make; (v) provide service announcements; (vi) protect, investigate and deter against fraudulent, unauthorized, or illegal activity; (vii) provide necessary information to third-party payment processing partners to bill and pay you for items, products, and services and (viii) comply with legal obligations 4. sharing of personal information we share certain categories of information we collect from you in the ways described in this privacy policy to conduct business. we will share contact data with our business partners who assist us by performing core services (such as hosting, billing, fulfillment, shipping, or data storage and security) related to our operation of the site. those business partners have all agreed to uphold the same standards of security and confidentiality that we have promised to you in this privacy policy, and they will only use your contact data and other personal information to carry out their specific business obligations to company. 5. confidentiality and security of personal information except as otherwise provided in this privacy policy, we will keep your personal information private and will not share it with third parties, unless such disclosure is necessary to: (a) comply with a court order or other legal process; (b) protect our rights or property; or (c) enforce our terms of use. your personal information is stored on secure servers that are not accessible by third parties. we provide you with the capability to transmit you personal information via secured and encrypted channels if you use a similarly equipped web browser. furthermore, your account is password protected. we limit the access to your personal information to those employees and contractors who need access to perform their job function. if you have any questions about the security on the site, please contact us at [email protected]. although we take appropriate measures to safeguard against unauthorized disclosures of information, we cannot assure you that your personal information will never be disclosed in a manner that is inconsistent with this privacy policy.. while we implement safeguards designed to protect your information, no security system is impenetrable and due to the inherent nature of the internet, we cannot guarantee that data, during transmission through the internet or while stored on our systems or otherwise in our care, is absolutely safe from intrusion by others. dbh is not responsible for any inadvertent disclosures or any intercepted information sent via the internet. 6. data and information retention we retain personal data about you for as long as you have an open account with us or as otherwise necessary to provide you with our services. in some cases we retain personal data for longer, if doing so is necessary to comply with our legal obligations, resolve disputes or collect fees owed, or is otherwise permitted or required by applicable law, rule, or regulation. upon disposal, we will destroy or render unreadable any such personal data. afterwards, we retain some information in a depersonalized or aggregated form but not in a way that would identify you personally. 7. user ability to access, update, correct, and delete personal information. access, update and correct: we maintain a procedure in order to help you confirm that your personal information remains correct and up-to-date. at any time, you may log in and visit your account information at the "user settings", "email settings", and "store settings" (if applicable) web pages on the site. through your "user settings", "email settings", and "store settings" web pages you may: (a) review and update your personal information that we have already collected; (b) choose whether or not you wish us to send you information about our company, or promotional material from third parties. removal: to remove your personal information you will need to contact [email protected] to request that we fully delete all of your personal data. portability: you can ask for a copy of your personal data in a machine-readable format. you can also request that we transmit the data to another controller where technically feasible. to do either please email [email protected]. 8. other person's information if you provide us with another person's e-mail address so we may invite that person to create an account on the site, we will use this information only to contact that person about the invitation. by providing us with another person's e-mail address, you represent to us that you have obtained the consent of that person regarding the disclosure of their personal information to us. all invitees are provided with the option not to receive further invitations. 9. lost or stolen information you must promptly notify us if your credit card or password is lost, stolen, or otherwise used without permission. in such an event, we will remove that credit card number or password from your account and update our records accordingly. 10. public information the site contains links to other websites. we are not responsible for the privacy practices or the content of such websites. we also may make chat rooms, forums, message boards, product review boards, and news groups available to you. please understand that any information that is disclosed in these areas becomes public information. we have no control over its use and you should exercise caution when deciding to disclose your personal information. 11. secure shopping although all financial data shall be collected by our third party business partners, we use secure socket layer (ssl) encryption technology, the industry-standard authentication and encryption technology, to protect personal information that we collect. with ssl implemented on both the client and server, information transmitted over the internet will remain unaltered and secure. in order for ssl security to work, you must use an ssl enabled browser. most netscape and explorer browsers, version 3.x and later, support ssl. if you still have any concerns about ordering electronically, feel free to contact us to place your order over the phone. please note that email is not encrypted and is not considered a secure means of transmitting credit card numbers. we will never ask for sensitive information via email. 12. method of contact if you have a question or concern regarding this privacy policy, believe that this privacy policy has been violated, you may e-mail dbh at [email protected] or write to the dbh at the following address: privacy policy agent dbh worldwide, llc 495 ryan ave. chico, ca 95973 in your correspondence, please describe your question, concern, or complaint in as much detail as possible. we will investigate and respond to you promptly. 13. links the site may contain links to third party websites with which we have no affiliation. except as set forth above, we do not share your personal information with those third parties, and are not responsible for their privacy practices. we suggest you read the privacy policies on all such third party websites. 14. children our service is not intended for children under the age of 13 (16 in the eu). therefore dbh does not knowingly collect or receive personal data from children under the age of 13 (16 in the eu). if we become aware that a child has provided us with personal information we will take the necessary steps to delete such information. if you become aware that your child has provided us with personal information please contact us at [email protected] immediately. 15. updates and changes to privacy policy we reserve the right, at any time and without notice, to add to, change, update, or modify this privacy policy, simply by posting such change, update, or modification on the site and without any other notice to you. any such change, update, or modification will be effective immediately upon posting on the site. need help? f.a.q. shipping returns size chart contact us order status shop collections categories gift cards community open a store blog art contests about us careers affiliates ambassador program join us for 10% off your first order email address join © 2023 design by humans / terms of service / copyright / privacy policy / glossary / sitemap contact us