来源URL: https://web.archive.org/web/20191226001440/https://www.collectionsetc.com/customer-support/frequently-asked-questions/
================================================================================

frequently asked questions | collections etc. skip to main content we're taking special steps to keep our employees and customers safe, so shipping may be delayed. free shipping on orders of $50 or more!  use code: mday20 our satisfaction guarantee my favorites track my order help toggle navigation menu quick order catalog quick order account my account hello, please sign in sign in new customer? create an account 0 cart cart 0 items search 0 cart search search go menu all departments as seen on tv› household kitchen products health & beauty products outdoor & travel fun & games pet products home decor› curtains panels & curtain sets valances & scarves blinds & shades curtain rods & hardware floral centerpieces picks & arrangements swags wreaths & garland furniture accent tables cabinets & storage racks home accessories accent pillows candles & candleholders clocks decorative accents & figurines furniture covers suncatchers throws home lighting rugs & mats accent rugs area rugs doormats runners stair mats wall decor canvas wall art signs & word art wall clocks wall decals wall sculptures & plaques bed & bath› bedding bedspreads comforters coverlets quilts bed pillows & shams bed sheets & bed skirts bedding accessories bathroom shower curtains bathroom accessories bath mats & rugs bath towels bathroom wall tiles kitchen & dining› housewares cookware & bakeware food storage kitchen organizers kitchen tools & utensils microwave accessories kitchen decor chair pads & chair covers decorative kitchen accessories dishwasher covers kitchen curtains kitchen rugs kitchen wall tiles dining & entertaining barware & wine accessories drinkware & teapots serveware table linens outdoor & garden› bird houses & feeders lawn & garden garden borders & edging gardening tools & clothing lawn care & pest control planters & plant stands plants & seeds watering & irrigation outdoor decor fairy gardens fence decorations flags & windsocks garage door magnets garden stakes & trellises lawn ornaments & garden sculptures outdoor artificial plants outdoor wall decorations wind chimes & tree danglers wind wheels & spinners outdoor inflatables outdoor lighting accent lights entry lighting outdoor lanterns outdoor string lights pathway lighting solar powered outdoor living barbecue & entertaining outdoor rugs & mats patio & pool problem solvers› automotive cleaning supplies home office & electronics home solutions climate control floorcare & rug solutions furniture solutions kitchen solutions tools & hardware laundry outdoor solutions garage & home security pest control yard & garden solutions storage & organization bath storage clothing & closet storage kitchen storage storage hooks & racks travel essentials wardrobe solutions winter solutions apparel› womens clothing shirts & tops dresses & skirts pants & bottoms outfit sets sweaters & cardigans intimates & sleepwear outerwear accessories handbags, wallets & cases hats & gloves jewelry scarves & shawls shoes & slippers shoes slippers socks & hosiery men's clothing novelty apparel & graphic tees health & wellness› diet & fitness activewear exercise equipment fitness accessories weight management health care arthritis aids diabetic care ear & eye care general health products health monitors sleep aids vitamins & supplements incontinence mobility & supports back supports back & lumbar cushions bathroom safety compression socks daily living aids diabetic socks grab bars & support stools knee supports walkers & canes wheelchairs & scooters personal care bath & shower accessories cosmetics & skincare dental care foot care hair care massage & relaxation sexual health seasonal› 4th of july halloween thanksgiving christmas valentines day st. patricks day easter spring summer fall winter gifts, toys & pets› personalized gifts books, games and puzzles collectibles dolls figurines mini furniture sets music boxes food gifts inspirational gifts jewelry gifts birthstone jewelry nfl & sports novelty gifts pets dogs cats religious gifts spa & relaxation gifts throws & blankets toys & games disney toys & gifts gifts by recipient men women boys girls baby friend gifts by occasion mothers day fathers day birthday gifts graduation gifts memorial & sympathy wedding & anniversary gifts by interest bird lovers car & motorcycle lovers cat lovers coffee lovers cooks horse lovers dog lovers gardeners hostess outdoorsman sports enthusiasts wine & beer lovers sale› home decor bed & bath kitchen & dining outdoor & garden problem solvers apparel health & wellness gifts, toys & pets seasonal clearance› home decor bed & bath kitchen & dining outdoor & garden problem solvers apparel health & wellness gifts, toys & pets seasonal new arrivals patriotic decor everyday essentials last chance deals {{originname}} view all view all home frequently asked questions customer support shipping information frequently asked questions catalog quick order catalog request contact us email sign up how to shop frequently asked questions company product searching registration/login shipping & taxes ordering payments returns privacy & security general horticulture questions company does winston brands incorporated have a retail store? winston brands incorporated does not have retail store locations. however, we carry hundreds of items up to 65% off our already low catalog prices on our website sale and clearance sections. how do you select the products you offer? since the company began, winston brands incorporated has selected products with our customers in mind. our merchandising team travels worldwide looking for incredible values and unique products, as well as designing hundreds of products in-house. does winston brands incorporated design its own products? winston brands incorporated has its own talented merchandising team, who design products with our customers in mind. from the original idea to the package on your doorstep, each of our one-of-a-kind products will leave your family and friends wondering "where in the world did you find that?" be sure to look for the exclusively ours icon in our catalogs or the exclusively ours section of our site to see all of our unique designs. do you offer wholesale, resale, or dropship programs? winston brands incorporated does not participate in the wholesale, resale, or dropship business. does winston brands incorporated accept suggestions from customers? we invite all of our customers to send us comments and suggestions. for company, product, or customer service suggestions, please submit your comments through our customer service page. how do i get a print catalog? to request our latest print catalog, please visit our catalog request page and complete the request form. your catalog should arrive in approximately 3-4 weeks. how can i find job opportunities at winston brands incorporated? to inquire about job opportunities at our wichita, kansas, elk grove village, illinois, or melrose park, illinois locations, please visit our job opportunities page. product searching how many products do you carry online? our online store carries thousands of products from a combination of our catalogs. you can find all of our new arrivals and exclusive designs on our websites, as well as the latest sales and specials. i can't find the product i want. how do i search for it? to search for a product, you can use the search feature located at the top of the every page on all of our websites. simply enter any item number, product name, or product category and click “search.” we will display all products that match your search. if the product you are searching for is located on a different site than the current site you are visiting, you will be provided with a link to the site where the product is sold. registration/login what are the benefits of registering? faster checkout online order tracking wish list exclusive offers do i have to register to place an order? our website does not require you to register to place an order. however, registering will allow you to checkout more quickly, by having your address automatically entered at checkout. registering also allows you to view your order history, as well as the order details. i forgot my username and/or password to login. what do i do? you can have your login emailed to you in minutes. just enter your email address at our password request page, and both your username and password will be sent to the email address you enter. my login is not working. what do i do? if your login is not working, we first suggest you go to the password request page to have your login resent to you. if you try your login again and it still doesn't work, please contact our webmaster through our online form. shipping & taxes can you ship my order to a different address? your order can be shipped to a different address, however, we can only accept one shipping address per order. a new order will need to be created for each address that you'd like merchandise shipped to. to ship to a different address, please uncheck the box “my billing and shipping information are the same,” box on the “billing info“ page. when you click “continue,“ the next page, “shipping info,“ will prompt you to enter the shipping address. what locations do you ship to? winston brands incorporated ships to the continental united states. for additional shipping charges, we also ship to alaska, hawaii, puerto rico, and all u.s. territories. to view our shipping rates and delivery times, please visit our shipping information page. what are your shipping and tax rates? to view our shipping rates, shipping locations, delivery times, and tax rates, please visit our shipping information page. how can i find out my order status? you can check your order status two ways. first, you can go to our order status page and enter in the order number and your last name to search for the order. or, if you are registered as a preferred customer, you can login and click the order history link on the my account page. when will i get my backordered items? when you checkout, winston brands incorporated provides backorder estimated shipping dates in the shopping cart, on the payment page, and on your order confirmation. this date is when we expect to have your item(s) back in stock, billed, and shipped. to get a current status of your backorder, please go to our order status page and enter in the order number and your last name to search for the order. why did i receive my order in multiple shipments? it is our policy to send you your merchandise as soon as possible. our ability to ship an order depends upon availability, size, weight, and compatibility of items ordered. any out-of-stock merchandise will be sent when it becomes available. you will not incur additional shipping charges for multiple shipments. ordering what should i expect once i place an online order? at winston brands incorporated, we want to make your online orders as easy as possible. please click the "how to shop" link to find out how to shop on one of our sites. once you submit your order, we will send you an e-mail confirming that we have received your order. we will e-mail you a second time notifying you when your order has been shipped from our fulfillment center. you are welcome to track your order at anytime by going to our order status page. what happens if i purchase an item, and the price is incorrect on the website? we strive to provide you with error-free website pricing. if you find an incorrect price on the web, please contact our customer service department through our online form or speak directly to a customer service representative at (800) 582-5700, 7 days a week, 7am - midnight cst. descriptive, typographic and photographic errors are subject to correction. if i see an item with a lower price on the website, can i get the same price through the catalog? many of the lower prices on our website are web only sales and special pricing. in order to get these prices, you must place your order online. if i order online, how do i get the special offer featured on my catalog? the "catalog quick order" page on the website and the "shopping cart" both provide a box to input the promo code located on the back of your catalog. your offer or discount will be applied at checkout, on the "shopping cart" page. i came to your site through a winston brands incorporated email. where do i enter the promo code? when you receive a promotional email from one of our brands, copy the promo code that is listed in the footer of your email (the promo code is 6 characters long). when you are reviewing the selected items in your "shopping cart", enter the promo code in the promotional code box located above your "estimated order total." if the email featured a special offer, the discount will be applied at checkout on the "payment info" page. to sign up to receive promotional emails, please register as a preferred customer. i came to your site through an affiliate link or search link. where do i enter the promo code? affiliate links are similar to winston brands incorporated emails, described in the previous topic. copy the promo code from your affiliate coupon/page and enter the promo code on the "shopping cart" page. if the affiliate promotion code featured a special offer, the discount will be applied at checkout on the "payment info" page. how many promo codes can i use on one order? our website is set up only to accept one promo code per order. is there a limit on the number of items i can purchase? we reserve the right to refuse any order placed with us or to limit or cancel quantities purchased per person, per household or per order. if we limit or cancel an order, we will notify you through the email, billing address or telephone number you provided when the order was placed. how do i quickly order items from a catalog? to make catalog orders easier online, we have a catalog quick order page available. you can easily enter the promo code and the item numbers from your catalog, as well as the quantity you want of each item. after you have entered this information, click “add to cart” and all of your items will be entered into your shopping cart. can i cancel an order after it has been submitted? orders that have advanced to the fulfillment process cannot have items added, removed, or be cancelled. to check the status of your order, contact our customer service team at (800) 582-5700, 7 days a week, 7am - midnight cst. what should i do if i get a "server error" or “site busy error” message? we strive to provide you with error-free websites ordering and navigation, but sometimes technical difficulties may cause server errors. if you receive an error, there may be instructions accompanying the error message. if there are no instructions, please contact our webmaster through our online form. in your message, please include a brief description of what happened, the date and time you encountered the error, your geographical location, the name and version of your browser, and the name of your internet provider (e.g. comcast). can i use my green & gold membership for orders placed online? yes. the green & gold membership discount is available for orders placed through all ordering channels. we strive to make the ordering process easy and this discount should be applied automatically. can i use my green & gold membership with other offers? yes. you can combine your savings with other discount promotions. your membership savings is automatic, so you can use any promotion code with your order! do you have spanish-speaking associates available to place my order by phone? yes, our spanish speaking associates are available by phone to place your order or assist with any questions, monday- friday, 8:30 am- 5:00 pm cst. if calling outside of this time window you will be given the option to leave a message and we will return your call. payments which credit cards do you accept? we accept visa, mastercard, american express, discover, and paypal. can i use a merchandise certificate online? yes. there is an area available during check out that will allow the entry of a merchandise certificate that has been issued from winston brands incorporated or one of its affiliates. keep in mind, shipping and handling, processing fee, and any applicable sales tax must be paid for by credit card for online purchases. when will my credit card be charged? your credit card is charged when the merchandise ships from our fulfillment center. backorders are not charged until the merchandise ships. returns what is your return policy? your complete satisfaction is our number one priority. winston brands incorporated offers a satisfaction guarantee for all of our merchandise. if for any reason you are not satisfied, simply return the item for exchange, refund, or full credit within 60 days* of the date of your purchase. shipping and handling charges are not refundable. for returns and exchanges instructions, please visit our returns and exchanges page. *halloween returns must be received by 11/15. christmas returns by 1/15. for furniture, please contact us within 7 days for a complete refund, credit or exchange. horticulture items cannot be returned. what if i receive an item that is not what i ordered or it is damaged? your complete satisfaction is our number one priority. winston brands incorporated offers an unconditional satisfaction guarantee for all of our merchandise. if for any reason you are not 100% satisfied, simply return the item for exchange, refund, or full credit within 60 days of the date of your purchase. shipping and handling charges are not refundable. for returns and exchanges instructions, please visit our returns and exchanges page. what if i'm not satisfied with my order? please give our customer service department a call at (800) 582-5700, 7 days a week, 7am - midnight cst before taking any action so that one of our associates can assist you with your concern. privacy & security is my online order and credit card secure? winston brands incorporated understands the importance of protecting you and your credit card information. our sites are equipped with verisign® secure buy software, providing advanced security encryption technology when sending your account and order information over the internet. this technology is state-of-the-art in commercial web transactions. all personal data and credit information is encrypted during transmission and is for our internal purpose only. what will you do with my name, e-mail address, and other ordering information we value and respect the privacy of our customers and make our privacy policy available to everyone on our website. our privacy policy details how and when we collect your personal information, and how we protect it. our website does not automatically collect any personal information on our visitors, including as names, emails, or postal address. my browser is showing that your certificate has expired? what do i do? winston brands incorporated utilizes ssl (secure socket layer) certificate encryption for sensitive information to be transmitted on our web site. recently, winston brands incorporated has updated our ssl certificate with verisign ( http://www.verisign.com ), the leading web site security registry. the new format of this global server id issued by verisign can cause older browsers to inaccurately state our certificate has expired. netscape navigator versions 4.05 and earlier as well as microsoft internet explorer versions 4.01, 4.5 and certain instances of 5.0 may include a security component which has expired. if you have not updated your browser, you may see a warning message when accessing secure parts of our website. the message may state the certificate used to protect the transmitted information has expired. this is inaccurate. in fact, the root certificate of the browser is actually out of date. to address this issue, you may do one of three things: click past the warning. this is just an alert. you can click "continue" to pass it, however, you will continue to receive the warning whenever you attempt to access a web site using a newly updated certificate for ssl encryption. you may also click on the verisign secure site image displayed at the top of our web pages to verify the information regarding our certificate directly from the verisign web site. upgrade your browser. download a new version of your favorite browser. the new versions of these browsers have updated root certificates that have not expired. update you browser's root certificate. further information can be obtained from verisign at the following internet address: http://www.verisign.com/support/site/rootdoc.html general horticulture questions i just got my plant and it looks bad. is it dying? most plants are picked and packed from a dormant state 3-5 days before they arrive to your door. they might arrive in various forms - bareroot, bulb, field-grown division, cell, or in pots. being without sunlight and water can take a toll on the current foliage. this foliage may be yellow, wilted, or even drop off. this is completely normal, although you might think it appears dead. read through and follow the entire planting guide provided before proceeding to plant. once your plant is replanted at its new home it will begin to sprout new foliage within a few weeks. just give it time to set its roots before you expect new foliage. most plants bounce back fine. there's mold on my plant when it arrived. what do i do? sometimes when bulbs and bareroot plants are shipped, white mold forms on them. this does not affect your plants in any way. it is just from the climate in the truck changing through different parts of the country. the mold generally wipes off with a damp towel. my plant has white stuff on the leaves. what is it? if the white is powder-like, it is most likely a type of mildew that can be taken care of with fungicide. if it is more like cotton, you may have a spidermite infestation and will need to get a pesticide. make sure to cover the entire plant- branches, the tops and undersides of each leaf- with your treatment. can i return a horticulture item? since horticulture items are living plants, we do apologize but they cannot be returned. up until a plant has been picked, packed and shipped out, it is in a protected growing environment for dormancy. once we remove the plant from this fragile state, it is expected to be planted into soil immediately upon receipt by the customer. any extended delay in planting may cause the plant to have unfavorable results. if you received a wrong plant or if you believe the plant arrived dead, please contact our customer care department at (800) 582-5700, 7 days a week, 7am - midnight cst or email them at [email protected] give us feedback! need help? check out our faqs orcontact us today! sign up today & save! be among the first to know new products,sales and the best promotions. email placeholder text our company about us career opportunities affiliate program community involvement customer support catalog request track order shipping information frequently asked questions how to shop contact us our policies returns & exchanges product recalls privacy policy cookie notice ca privacy rights do not sell my info stay connected facebook twitter instagram pinterest ©2020 collections etc., inc. all rights reserved. reproduction in whole or in part strictly prohibited.