来源URL: https://web.archive.org/web/20241228100629/https://www.bladehq.com/blog/best-otf-knives
================================================================================

15 best otf knives (by category) - knife life skip to content free standard shipping* on orders over $99! login / register cart knives knife types pocket knives automatic knives fixed blade knives out the front knives butterfly knives spring assisted knives throwing knives and axes exclusive knives knife uses everyday carry tactical knives hunting knives camping knives survival knives kitchen knives all knife uses knife styles bowie knives custom knives italian knives karambit knives machete knives neck knives traditional knives knife accessories beads & lanyards knife making supplies knife cases & storage pocket clips knife scales sheaths knife maintenance lubricants & cleaners polishing cloths aftermarket parts knife sharpeners tool kits popular models benchmade bugout spyderco paramilitary 2 kershaw lucha civivi elementum microtech ultratech boker kalashnikov kershaw launch 4 crkt ceo all knives view all knives view all autos view all fixed view all otfs view all butterfly new arrivals coming soon brands popular brands benchmade knives spyderco knives microtech knives boker knives kershaw knives zero tolerance knives protech knives we knife company gerber knives kizer knives buck knives crkt knives view all brands view all brands tools & gear multi tools leatherman gerber swiss army knives sog pocket tools view all multi tools utility axes scissors & shears saws shovels machetes swords view all utility gear flashlights lanterns bags, packs, & pouches paracords apparel handkerchiefs shemaghs wallets & money clips t-shirts keychain view all apparel self defense tactical pens batons / kubatons self defense knives knuckles view all self defense sale back to shop << back to shop learn knives home knifelife menu item learn best of reviews culture news search for: 15 best otf knives (by category) posted by jacob miller on september 8, 2023september 8, 2023, in best of, type tags: akc, benchmade, best knives, boker, guardian tactical, heretic knives, hogue knives, kershaw, microtech, otf knives, reate knives, smith & wesson, sog knives, switchblade introduction this best-of list isn’t your typical top ten. it lists fifteen otf knives that are the best in their respective categories. i’ll cover more than just our choice for the best edc otf and best tactical otf. have you ever wondered what the best otf for fidgeting is? or the best weird otf? what about an otf hidden gem? in addition to stating why each knife was chosen, they will be rated on a scale from 1-10 on the six points below. blade steel: the quality of the blade steel. ergonomics: how comfortable the knife is to hold and use. fit & finish: the quality of the build and the parts. operation: how practical, comfortable, and easy it is to open and close the knife. lockup: how tight the blade lockup is when the knife is open. affordability: how accessible the item’s price is. the higher the rating, the better! each knife will be given a total score to help you compare these models. without further ado, in no particular order, the 15 best otf knives by category: 1: best otf for edc: guardian tactical recon-035score: 48/60 fit & finish: 9 blade steel: 10 ergonomics: 8operation: 9 lockup: 8 affordability: 4 the recon-035 was the first knife to feature guardian tactical’s patented ultra-smooth slide mechanism. the mechanism consists of a thumb-friendly steel slide that moves up and down a polished steel plate on ceramic bearings. the result? the smoothest and most comfortable thumb slide operation on the market. couple that with the 035’s fantastic blade-to-handle ratio, edge geometry, and premium american craftsmanship, and you have the perfect otf for edc. it’s user-friendly, the ideal medium size, and has reliable, satisfying action. 2: most accessible otf: kershaw livewirescore: 48/60 fit & finish: 9 blade steel: 10 ergonomics: 7 operation: 10 lockup: 7 affordability: 5 the livewire, designed by matt diskin, is a hot pick for both longtime knife users and those new to otf automatics. not only is it extremely accessible, boasting a mechanism that anyone can comfortably use, but it comes with premium materials and premium craftsmanship at a very reasonable price! it makes a unique statement with its styling and angled pocket clip but doesn’t do so at the expense of user comfort. kershaw’s usa team has been positively electric lately, and the livewire is taking things to the next level. 3: best selling otf: microtech ultratechscore: 47/60 fit & finish: 10 blade steel: 10 ergonomics: 8 operation: 7 lockup: 9 affordability: 3 the ultratech is an otf so iconic you could call it the otf. microtech has a reputation for excellence and constant improvement. since the ultratech’s release in 1999, it has undergone iterative upgrades, turning it into the precise, reliable cutting tool it is today. it’s great for edc and tactical situations, with microtech’s signature x-button ensuring your thumb always gets enough purchase when deploying and retracting the blade. the ultratech’s premium quality and unparalleled fit and finish are two of the many reasons it’s the best-selling otf knife ever. pick from a vast array of colors and blade shapes to get the ultratech configuration that’s perfect for you. 4: best tactical otf: benchmade infidelscore: 42/60 fit & finish: 9 blade steel: 6 ergonomics: 9 operation: 7 lockup: 9 affordability: 2 the benchmade 3300 infidel is a bill mchenry design–the guy who designed the axis lock with jason williams. the knife has reliable double-action, a grippy thumb slide, and solid lockup. its double-edge blade is perfect for self-defense and can be perfectly controlled with its anodized aluminum handle. a pocket clip keeps the knife securely by your side until it’s time to deploy. the benchmade reputation is one of enduring american quality and lifelong satisfaction, and the infidel lives up to it completely. 5: best budget otf: akc f-16score: 42/60 fit & finish: 6 blade steel: 5 ergonomics: 7 operation: 8 lockup: 7 affordability: 9 the f-16 by akc is a taiwanese double-action otf knife that brings a load of value to your edc lineup. it boasts the unique design feature of having the thumb slide double as the italian stiletto-style guard. if you want some awesome otf action in your life and aren’t worried about getting the best of the best, look no further. 6: best premium otf: hawk knife designs deadlock (model c)score 51/60 fit & finish: 10 blade steel: 10 ergonomics: 10 operation: 10 lockup: 10 affordability: 1 the deadlock, engineered by father and son duo grant and gavin hawk, is a double-action otf automatic knife with no blade play. that’s right: the blade doesn’t move at all when it’s deployed. aside from that, it has an ergonomic handle, superb action, and a unique hinged pocket clip. if you need the best of the best and price isn’t an issue, this is the otf for you—if you can get your hands on one. 7: best mini otf: microtech utx-70score: 46/60 fit & finish: 10 blade steel: 10 ergonomics: 7 operation: 7 lockup: 9 affordability: 3 why is this the best mini otf knife? because it’s literally a scaled-down version of the best-selling otf of all time–it’s a mini ultratech! the utx-70 gets its name for being 70% the size of the ultratech. the two knives are congruent, apart from the lanyard hole that appears on the pocket clip of the ultratech. it’s a super fun, cute, even novel knife, but it’s built like a tank and features all the positive traits of microtech’s other otf automatic knives. without a doubt, it’s the best choice if you want a premium, fun-sized otf knife. 8: best large otf: guardian tactical recon-040/heretic cleric ii/microtech combat troodon recon-040 fit & finish: 9 blade steel: 10 ergonomics: 8 operation: 9 lockup: 8 affordability: 3 score: 47/60 cleric ii fit & finish: 10 blade steel: 10 ergonomics: 8 operation: 7 lockup: 9 affordability: 2 score: 46/60 combat troodon fit & finish: 10 blade steel: 10 ergonomics: 8 operation: 6 lockup: 9 affordability: 2 score: 45/60 it’s a three-way tie for the best large otf knife: the guardian tactical recon-040 is the biggest and most user-friendly, featuring guardian tactical’s patented thumb slide system; the heretic cleric ii is the best long otf, featuring a slender profile and a blade stretching over four inches long; and the microtech combat troodon is the og big-boy otf. all three are excellent options. pick the one that suits your style. are you looking for big and accessible? the 040 is for you. want something agile and sleek? try the cleric. want all-around beefiness and unparalleled quality? go with the combat troodon. 9: best single-action otf: para-xscore 46/60 fit & finish: 10 blade steel: 8 ergonomics: 9 operation: 6 lockup: 10 affordability: 3 the para-x was the knife that got paragon off its feet before the introduction of the warlock gravity knife. paragon recently took its knives to the next level with help from hypercut manufacturing, and the newest version of the para-x is hands down a masterpiece. the action is smooth and powerful, the button is responsive, and the blade locks firmly in place when deployed, ready to meet your cutting needs. single-action otfs are a dying breed, mostly due to requiring two hands to close, but the para-x proves they are still desirable today! 10: best gravity otf: exo-mscore: 48/60 fit & finish: 10 blade steel: 9 ergonomics: 8 operation: 9 lockup: 8 affordability: 4 the reate exo-m is a more edc-friendly version of the fan-favorite exo gravity knife, featuring a pocket clip, a safety lock to prevent the blade from opening or closing unintentionally, and a slightly shorter overall length. the exo-m is a joy to use: sliding its blade in and out with nothing but gravity is addictive! 11: best spring assisted otf: smith & wesson otfscore: 39/60 fit & finish: 7 blade steel: 4 ergonomics: 5 operation: 4 lockup: 9 affordability: 10 spring-assisted otf knives were created as a workaround for the federal switchblade act. initially, this made them more widely legal. a nudge on the blade via a switch pushing the blade passed a detent so the spring can carry it the rest of the way open. a big perk of smith & wesson’s assisted otfs is that they’re affordable and come with much of the fun you want when buying an otf. closing the knife gets a little complex, but its satisfying blade deployment easily offsets that. 12: best manual otf: boker plus slikescore 39/60 fit & finish: 7 blade steel: 6 ergonomics: 5 operation: 6 lockup: 6 affordability: 9 the boker slike is an extremely lightweight manual otf knife. it has a button lock that can secure the blade while it’s all the way out or just halfway out, making it a fantastic utility cutter. it has a tough d2 steel blade, a secure pocket clip, and a wicked-sharp double-edge blade. the slike is perfect for those wanting a low-profile utility knife with some gangster flare. 13: best otf for fidgeting: gtx-025score: 49/60 fit & finish: 9 blade steel: 10 ergonomics: 7 operation: 10 lockup: 8 affordability: 5 when i first got my hands on one of these, i knew i was holding something special. the guardian tactical gtx-025 has that same buttery action that the recon-035 and the recon-040 have, but it’s on a much smaller knife that uses a lighter spring. the result is fidget heaven. it’s hard to stop flicking the blade in and out once you start. and the best part is, it’s not just a fun otf; it’s a premium one that will hold up for years and cut like a chainsaw. if i had to pick one knife on this list that i recommend the most, without a doubt, it would be this little guy. 14: best weird otf: heretic rocscore: 45/60 fit & finish: 10 blade steel: 10 ergonomics: 8 operation: 6 lockup: 9 affordability: 2 looking for a non-standard or “weird” otf knife? check out the heretic knives roc: it’s curved! the karambit-style blade shoots in and out of the curved handle with snappy automatic action. it seems like it should be impossible, but it works like a charm! if you want a real conversation starter that doubles as a serious cutter, the heretic roc is here for you. 15: best underrated otf: hogue counterstrikescore 49/60 fit & finish: 8 blade steel: 10 ergonomics: 10 operation: 8 lockup: 9 affordability: 4 last but not least is the hogue counterstrike. this hidden gem is the perfect size for edc, has a textured handle that’s very tactilely pleasing, boasts a removable glass breaker, has a discrete pocket clip, and has fantastic lockup. it disappears into your pocket when it’s not in use but comes out with a bang when it’s time to work. when i first handled this knife, i was instantly impressed. well done, hogue! conclusion so, you ask, is there really one overall best otf? maybe there is (looking at you, ultratech), but i think the answer is more complicated than that. different types of otfs fill different roles. i hope that by perusing this list of the best otf knives by category, you better understand the sort of knife that will meet your needs and scratch that otf itch. you may not agree with our list, but now you know the types of otf knives out there and the features you might be looking for in your next (or first) otf knife buy. so…which one will it be? share on facebook tweet save post navigation best knives under $20 why you should carry a knife instead of a gun for self-defense article tags: smith & wesson benchmade kershaw hogue knives boker microtech related articles: best kershaw knives 2023 posted by jacob miller on october 13, 2023october 24, 2023, in best of kershaw has everything from premium out-the-front (otf) knives to budget-friendly assisted-opening knives. the breadth of its offerings in price range and style is part of what makes kershaw excellent—it has something for everyone! if you want a crossbar lock knife, kershaw has you covered. looking for a sweet karambit? look no further. in the market... read more the best automatic switchblade knives of 2023 posted by george muhlestein on october 6, 2023october 6, 2023, in best of automatic knives can make life a whole lot easier if you have a good one. they offer all the convenience and ease of carry you get from a folder, but they also bring the benefit of fast, one-hand opening and an extra cool factor that dazzles non-knife enthusiasts. if you’re reading this, i’ll assume you’re... read more best butterfly knives posted by george muhlestein on september 29, 2023september 29, 2023, in best of, type, uncategorized there are a lot of butterfly knives out there.  at the time of writing this article, we have over 300 butterfly knives in stock at blade hq, and that number is only growing. finding the right one for you can be a challenge, so we’ve compiled our list of the best butterfly knives for everyone. ... read more best civivi knives of 2023 posted by michelle hubbard on september 15, 2023september 15, 2023, in best of, brand in the knife world, where there are plenty of dazzling blades out there with all the bells and whistles, handles made from space-age materials, and secret, complicated locking mechanisms—people may wonder if a civivi knife is worth all the hype.   with a tendency towards minimalism—especially the tremendously popular and enduring elementum—we see knife buyers... read more all major credit cards accepted contact us phone hours (mst) monday-friday 7:00am-5:00pm phone: 1-888-252-3347 email: contact us here join our newsletter resources blog layaway plans warranty info privacy terms & conditions price matching returns shipping info frequently asked questions follow us on: store info our address 166 adwolfe rd marion, va 24354 store hours 10am-7pm tuesday - friday 8am-5pm saturday closed federal holidays copyright ©2022 blade hq. all rights reserved