来源URL: https://web.archive.org/web/20211226163705/https://americanapparel.com/terms
================================================================================

about us toggle menu backwomen women view all backfeatured featured view all #americanapparel best sellers backtops tops view all picter t-shirts & tanks tops hoodies & sweatshirts bodysuits & catsuits dresses rompers & jumpsuits outerwear & jackets sweaters & cardigans backbottoms bottoms view all picter jeans leggings pants skirts & shorts disco & metallics backaccessories accessories view all picter intimates socks & tights caps & beanies bags & backpacks backcollections collections view all halloween picter denim loungewear pets view all backmen men view all backfeatured featured view all #americanapparel best sellers backtops tops view all picter t-shirts & tanks hoodies & sweatshirts outerwear & jackets sweaters & cardigans shirts backbottoms bottoms view all picter pants backaccessories accessories view all picter underwear & socks caps & beanies bags & backpacks backcollections collections view all halloween picter loungewear pets view all backkids kids view all featured backby age by age view all picter toddler infant youth backtops tops view all picter backbottoms bottoms view all picter backinspiration email us help contact us about us meet the fabrics meet the models wholesale do not sell right to know privacy policy cookie policy your california privacy rights notice of collection and opt-out terms of use social compliance 2020 gildan activewear srl women #americanapparel best sellers all women tops m view all picter t-shirts & tanks tops hoodies & sweatshirts bodysuits & catsuits dresses rompers & jumpsuits outerwear & jackets sweaters & cardigans bottoms m view all picter jeans leggings pants skirts & shorts disco & metallics accessories m view all picter intimates socks & tights caps & beanies bags & backpacks collections m view all halloween picter denim loungewear pets men #americanapparel best sellers all men tops m view all picter t-shirts & tanks hoodies & sweatshirts outerwear & jackets sweaters & cardigans shirts bottoms m view all picter pants accessories m view all picter underwear & socks caps & beanies bags & backpacks collections m view all halloween picter loungewear pets kids all kids by age m view all picter toddler infant youth tops m view all picter bottoms m view all picter inspiration sign in or register compare search quick search search search home footer bottom terms of use terms of use website terms of use use of the website. these websites, www.americanapparel.com and global.americanapparel.com and their applications and tools, including, without limitation their content and materials, (all of the foregoing collectively, the “website”), are provided by and operated on behalf of gildan activewear srl (“site owner”) in conjunction with third parties. your use of the website is subject to these website terms of use (the “terms”) as well as all applicable laws. your access or use of the website indicates your (i) acceptance of the terms, and (ii) acknowledgement that the information you provide either directly or indirectly through the website will be managed in accordance with the privacy policy located at www.americanapparel.com/en/privacy-policy (the “privacy policy). each time you access or use the website, you accept these terms and any additional terms that will apply to you. if you do not agree with the terms, do not use the website. personal information. the privacy policy governs the collection, use, and disclosure of personal information gathered on or through the website, including, but not limited to, the personal information you provide while establishing an account, purchasing products and accessing and using the website. this policy can be found at: http://global.americanapparel.com/en/privacy-policy the website is considered a general audience site and is not intended to be used by children to browse or purchase products. if you are under 18, you may use the website only with the involvement of a parent or legal guardian. you must ensure that your access to the website is legal in each jurisdiction in or through which you access, view or otherwise use the website. 1. definitions. the following terms have the definitions set forth below: “material” means all text, graphical, audio, video, software, information, data, and other content available, displayed, or accessible on or through the website. "site owner" has the meaning set forth in the first paragraph of these website terms of use. "site owner parties" means site owner and its affiliates, licensors, vendors, retail partners, and any other party involved in the creation, operation, production or transmission of this website and their respective officers, directors, employees, representatives, and agents, successors, and assigns. "terms" has the meaning set forth in the first paragraph of these website terms of use. 2. caution about forward-looking statements. certain statements made on this website are forward-looking statements within the meaning of the u.s. private securities litigation reform act of 1995. such forward-looking statements involve known and unknown risks, uncertainties and other factors which could cause actual results to differ materially from future results expressed or implied by such forward-looking statements. we refer you to gildan activewear inc.’s filings with the u.s. securities and exchange commission and canadian securities regulatory authorities for a discussion of the various factors that may affect gildan activewear inc.’s future results. 3. your information, registration, and user accounts. you are not required to establish an account in order to access the website. however, in order to access some of the resources the website has to offer and to make purchases, you may be required to be or become a registered user. to establish a website account, you will be asked to provide registration details, which you agree to input, update, and maintain accurately and completely and so long as you are a registered user. you represent and warrant that you are authorized to provide all the information you provide upon registration for your website account. it is a condition of use of the website that all the details you provide be correct, current, and complete. if site owner believes, in its sole discretion, that the details are not true, correct, current, or complete, we have the right to refuse you access to the website, or any of its resources, and to terminate or suspend your account or cancel any order you may have placed. during the registration process, you will be asked to select a username and password. site owner, in its sole discretion, may refuse to grant you for any reason a username, including, by way of example only, any username that personally identifies you, belongs to or is being used by another person, impersonates someone else, is or may be illegal, is or maybe protected by trademark or other proprietary laws, violates intellectual property or other rights of any person, is vulgar or otherwise offensive, or may cause confusion. you will not transfer or resell your use of or access to the website to any third party. you are entirely responsible for maintaining the confidentiality of your username and password, and for use of your username and password, and for any and all activities (including, without limitation, purchases, as applicable) that are conducted through your account. site owner is not liable for any loss or damage arising from your failure to comply with any of the foregoing obligations. 4. use. in using the website you agree not to: a. disrupt or interfere with the security of, or otherwise abuse, the website or any material, or any services, system resources, accounts, servers, or networks connected to or accessible through the website or any material, or affiliated or linked websites; b. access, tamper with, or use non-public areas of the website, and you acknowledge that unauthorized individuals attempting to access these areas of the website may be subject to prosecution; c. frame the website within another website or webpage; or d. use a manual or automatic device or process to retrieve, index, “data mine” or in any way reproduce or circumvent the navigational structure or presentation of the website. nothing contained herein shall be construed as conferring by implication, estoppel, or otherwise any license or right under any patent, trademark, copyright, or other intellectual property, proprietary, or industrial right of site owner or any of its affiliates, or any licensors of any of the foregoing. 5. pricing and shipping. prices on the u.s. website (www.americanapparel.com) are in u.s. dollars for u.s. purchasers only. currency varies according to the location from which the website is accessed. prices and billing methods are subject to change at any time, effective immediately upon publication. american apparel partners with borderfree, a global e-commerce provider, to offer international shopping. border free allows us to show all our prices in your currency and displays your final total during checkout. border free also lets us take advantage of a fast, reliable shipping network. for global.americanapparel.com the order total is guaranteed at the exchange rate set when your order is placed. foreign exchange rates are determined by borderfree and are based on interbank rates of exchange. these rates correspond with the average aggregate exchange rates that would otherwise be applied in an e-commerce transaction. americanapparel.com and global.americanapparel.com update exchange rates on a daily basis. you will receive a message if exchange rates have been updated while you are shopping. international shipping costs will be calculated and guaranteed by borderfree based on the items you are purchasing, your chosen shipping method and your shipping destination. international customers may ship to multiple addresses by placing a separate order for each shipping address. we can’t ship single international orders to multiple addresses at this time. 6. product information and availability. there may be unintentional inaccuracies, omissions, or errors regarding price, offers, descriptions, promotions, availability, or other matters and except as provided by law, site owner will not be liable for these inaccuracies, omissions, or errors. site owner will attempt to correct such inaccuracies, omissions, or errors when brought to its attention. site owner reserves the right to limit the quantity of items purchased and to change and update information. site owner cannot guarantee that any product listed on the website will be in stock or remain available. further, site owner may discontinue or otherwise cease offering a product at any time, in its sole discretion. if a product is not available at the time you place your order, either because the product is permanently or temporarily (e.g., on back-order) unavailable, or if a product is permanently unavailable, we will cancel your order for the unavailable product. unless you notify us to cancel your entire order, we will fulfill the balance of your order pursuant to our ordinary order fulfillment policies. product information is for information purposes only and although site owner makes every effort to display products (including their colours) as accurately as possible, sometimes your computer and monitor settings can affect what you see when you look at the website. consequently, site owner cannot guarantee you will accurately be able to see the actual colours and specific features in every case. the technical information, opinions, recommendations and other information made available on the website, including commentary regarding particular products, are provided for convenience only and may not be relied upon as addressing your particular needs and circumstances. some products or services mentioned on the website may only be available in certain areas or jurisdictions. any products or services mentioned on the website are made available in accordance with local law and only where they may be lawfully offered for sale. site owner does not claim that the information on the website is appropriate for or applicable to your jurisdiction or that the products described on the website will be available for purchase in all jurisdictions. 7. purchases. you represent and warrant that you are at least 18 years of age prior to purchasing products. as stated above, site owner’s acknowledgement of an order is not acceptance of an order and site owner may reject or cancel an order at any time. all purchases are subject to, and you agree to pay, all charges and losses incurred in connection with your purchase, including all applicable taxes, customs duties, shipping, handling, and insurance. you must provide valid, authorized payment card information directly or a valid paypal account at the time of your transaction. the amount of your purchase, including all related fees, will be authorized on your credit card or paypal account at the time of your transaction and the funds will be reserved for payment of your purchase. however, the amount is only charged when your order is ready to leave our warehouse. you acknowledge that you are responsible for any fees charged by the issuer of your payment card or by paypal for currency conversion. please consult the terms provided by the issuer of your payment card or by paypal for applicable currency conversion rate, fees, and charges. you represent and warrant that you have the right to use any credit card or paypal account that you use in connection with a purchase on the website. if you have registered for a website account, you may purchase products through your website account. when you place a product in the shopping cart on the website, you will be prompted to enter your website account log-in information. upon completion of the online order process, your purchase will be charged to you using the billing information you provided in connection with your website account or during checkout. you will subsequently receive acknowledgement of the order or a receipt by email to the email address associated with your website account. if you do not have a website account, you may purchase products as a guest, without logging in, by providing payment, shipping, and related information as requested by site owner at the time of purchase. each time you make a purchase in this manner, you must provide us with accurate contact information so we may contact you regarding your purchase, if necessary, and you must agree to these terms and any other applicable terms. you agree that the site owner disclaims all consequential damages and site owner’s liability related to the products is the amount paid for such products. you agree that section 10 (the exclusion of warranties) set forth in these terms and the limitations of liability set forth in these terms apply to all products that you purchase through the website. in addition, you agree to indemnify, defend, and hold harmless the site owner parties from and against any third party claims in connection with your purchase of products through the website or use of products purchased through the website. for international orders our partner borderfree supports visa®, mastercard®, american express®, paypal®, paypal express®, interact online® and more, with additional payment options coming soon. payment methods vary by destination; you will see all your options during checkout. charges will be listed as “bf*americanapparel” on your credit card statement. for further information on international purchases see global.americanapparel.com/en/international/info/index.jsp 8. cancellations and returns. to the fullest extent permitted by law, site owner may, in its sole discretion, choose to cancel your order in certain circumstances (even if you received an automated confirmation). this may occur, for example, when information on the website is found to be inaccurate, the product you wish to purchase has been mispriced, when we suspect the request is fraudulent, or in other circumstances we deem appropriate. if you wish to change or cancel your order for any reason, you must contact the site owner by using the contact details provided on the website or by phone at 1(833) 222-7760 or by email at service@americanapparel.com. change or order cancellations cannot be guaranteed once the order is placed. if you wish to return a product, you can return the product within forty-five (45) days after the date of shipment in accordance with site owner’s published return policies accessible at the bottom of the website. for international cancellations, returns and refunds that includes duties, taxes and tariffs, please contact american apparel customer service (service@americanapparel.com) and ask them to initiate the return process. make sure to have your order number available and complete the “return merchandise authorization form. you will also get a shipping label to print. mail the completed form with your item(s) to borderfree, our international shipping partner. border free will credit your account when it receives the form and merchandise. you will also receive an email to confirm that the return has been completed. if you selected to pay duties and taxes at time of delivery (ddu), you will not be credited for original duties and taxes paid. border free will provide you with a refund of the original merchandise price and any duties and taxes originally paid on the item using the same currency and exchange rate as your original order. please note that you will still be responsible for any shipping charges. if you have any problems with your order, please contact us within 45 days to resolve the issue. we offer full refunds for new, unused merchandise within 45 days of the original purchase date. bras, panties, briefs, socks, pantyhose and legwarmers are not eligible for returns. swimsuits and bikini bottoms are only eligible for returns if the protective adhesive strip has not been removed. please be careful while trying on items as all items must be returned in new, unused and unaltered condition. swimsuits and bikini bottoms should be tried on over underwear, without removing the protective adhesive strip. at times, heavily discounted items may be marked as final sale. these items will not be eligible for returns. for further information on international cancellations and returns see global.americanapparel.com/en/international/info/index.jsp 9. exclusion of warranties. your use of this website is at your own risk. site owner makes no representations or warranties regarding the condition of or access, function, and performance of the website, or the suitability, accuracy, reliability, completeness, currency, quality, timeliness or usefulness of any of the foregoing, or that use of the foregoing will be uninterrupted or error-free. site owner does not represent or warrant that the website, the material, or the information or materials, or any other software, accessed from or through the website, will be uninterrupted or free of errors, defects, viruses, or other harmful components, or that any such problems which are discovered will be corrected. site owner is not responsible for any reliance you may place, in whole or in part, on the website, the material, and any such use or reliance is at your sole risk. the website, tools, material and all material or information on this website are provided to you “as is” without warranties of any kind. site owner disclaims all warranties or conditions, written or oral, statutory, express or implied, including without limitation, warranties, or conditions of merchantability, fitness for a particular purpose or freedom from infringement. to the full extent permitted under law, in no event shall site owner or any of its affiliates, or any directors, officers, employees, agents or representatives of any of the foregoing, be liable for any damages or losses whatsoever relating in any way to your use of or reliance on this website (or any content thereof or therein), or any material, whether in contract, tort or otherwise, including direct, indirect, special, incidental, consequential or punitive damages even if the site owner has been advised of the possibility of such damages. these exclusions are in addition to any specific exclusion otherwise provided in the terms. to the extent that the jurisdiction to which you are subject to does not allow the exclusion of certain warranties, such exclusions which are not permitted do not apply. 10. limitation of liability. to the fullest extent permitted by law, site owner will not be liable under any theory, whether based in contract, tort (including negligence), strict liability or otherwise, for any loss or damage, whether direct, indirect, punitive, actual, consequential, special, incidental, exemplary, or otherwise (including lost profits), arising from any use of, or inability to use, the website or any other website, or the material, information, software, facilities, services or other content on the website or any other website, regardless of the basis upon which liability is claimed and even if any releasee has been advised of the possibility of such loss or damage. without limitation, you (and not any releasee) assume the entire cost of all necessary servicing, repair, or correction in the event of any such loss or damage arising. to the fullest extent permitted by law, in no event shall the liability of the site owner parties for any damages (direct or otherwise), penalties, or losses arising out of or relating to the website or any other website, or the material, information, software, facilities, services or other content on the website or any other website, regardless of the form of action or claim, whether in contract, tort (including negligence), extra-contractual liability, delict, or otherwise of any type exceed one hundred dollars (usd $100). any claim for damages in excess thereof is hereby waived by you. without limitation and notwithstanding anything to the contrary, the site owner parties, to the extent permissible by law, shall not be responsible for and shall not be liable to you or to any third parties for any claims, losses, costs, expenses, damages, lost profits, business interruption, loss of programs or other data on your information handling system, or otherwise arising out of or in connection with: a. failure to perform, delays, interruptions, communication line or system failures including communication malfunctions that affect the transmission, accuracy or timeliness of information, materials, messages, or instructions between you and the site owner, or which prevent information, materials, messages or instructions from being transmitted in whole or in part between you and the site owner; b. your inability to access, at any time, any part of the website or any materials provided on it; c. interception, loss or disclosure of confidential or sensitive information transmitted over the internet, including personal information; d. lack of suitability, reliability, timeliness or availability of the website, material, or products or services offered on the website; or e. the site owner’s failure to take corrective measures. your sole and exclusive remedy is to discontinue using and accessing the website. if applicable law does not allow all or any part of the above limitation of liability to apply to you, the limitations will apply to you only to the extent permitted by applicable law. 11. indemnity. you agree to defend, indemnify, and hold harmless the site owner parties, from, and waive and release all site owner parties from all claims incurred or suffered by any release arising out of or based on any claim or threatened claim based on (a) your use of or access to the website, or that of or any other person to whom you have provided access to your computer system (b) your violation or breach of any of the terms, including, but not limited to, any unauthorized use of any of the material, or (c) your violation of any intellectual property rights of any site owner party or any third party. 12. ownership and confidentiality. except as otherwise expressly noted, site owner or its providers (as applicable) own all right, title and interest in and to all material, and the website (including, but not limited, the selection, arrangement and organization of any part or content of the website) (collectively, the “intellectual property”), and all copyright, trademark, service mark, trade dress, and other intellectual property and proprietary rights, rights of publicity and rights of privacy in or relating to any of the foregoing. site owner does not represent or warrant that such materials do not infringe the rights of any other person or entity. trademarks, logos, and service marks (collectively, “marks”) displayed on the website are registered or unregistered marks of site owner, its affiliates or its licensors, and may not be used without site owner's written authorization or license of the owner of such marks. without the express written consent of site owner in each instance, you may not reproduce, republish, download, upload, post, display, perform, frame, transmit, distribute, modify, or use the material or marks, in whole or in part, whether in text, graphical, audio, video, executable, or other forms except as expressly permitted by these terms. any other access to the website or use of material is strictly forbidden without the prior written consent of the site owner. any information or material contained on the website which may be reproduced pursuant to these terms must bear the proprietary rights notices which originally appear on or in conjunction with such information or materials. the use of tools should be made according to the terms. the use of tools for purposes other than your use and information from the website, as well as any reproduction of tools from the website, are prohibited without the prior written authorization of the site owner. 13. risks related to the internet. complete confidentiality and security is not possible over the internet. use of the internet and communications over the internet are subject to possible interception, loss, and alteration. therefore, you should not communicate any personal information to the site owner by email, unless adequate security measures are in place in order to ensure the security of the transmission. the site owner, its affiliates and their respective agents, administrators and employees will not be liable in any manner whatsoever, to you or any third parties, for any damage as a result of information transmitted by email to the site owner. you assume all risks related to such communications. 14. software. except for software expressly identified as being owned by the site owner, any software available for downloading through the website is provided by third-party software vendors pursuant to license agreements or other arrangements between such vendors and end-users. the site owner does not sell, resell, license, or sub-license any such software on its website, and the site owner disclaims any responsibility or liability related to the software. any questions, complaints, or claims related to the software should be directed to the appropriate vendor. you are solely responsible for adequate protection and backup of the data and equipment used in connection with any of the software downloaded through the website. in the event of any express inconsistency between these terms and those contained in any license agreement with a software vendor, the terms (i.e., the terms contained herein) are paramount. 15. hyperlinks. this website may contain hyperlinks and references to other websites. such hyperlinks and references are provided to you as a convenience only. the site owner has not reviewed and does not expressly or implicitly endorse other websites or any information or material, or the accessibility thereof, via such hyperlinks, and does not assume any responsibility for any such other websites, information or materials posted thereon, or products or services offered thereon. you may not create hyperlinks from other websites to the website, except if expressly permitted by the site owner. to obtain permission, contact customer service at 1(833) 222-7760 or by email at support@americanapparel.com. 16. damage to others. it is forbidden to introduce into or through the website any information or materials which may be deemed harmful to others. among other things, you agree not to include, knowingly or otherwise, any error or defect in material or information which may, among other things, be a libel, slander, defamation, or obscenity, or promote hatred or otherwise give rise to a criminal offence or civil liability on the part of any person or entity. 17. liability for computer system. you will at all times remain liable for all damages caused by your computer system as a result of (i) the connection, configuration, or compatibility of the different components of your computer system (ii) your use of any material on any website, including, without limitation, use of the material (iii) your access to any website, including, without limitation, the website or materials, or (iv) your downloading of data, content, software and/or viruses. the site owner, its affiliates and their respective agents, administrators and employees do not assume any liability whatsoever for any unauthorized access to your computer system by hackers or the quality, reliability, compatibility or speed of services rendered by your internet service provider. 18. termination. the site owner, in its sole discretion, may terminate or suspend your use of the website and material at any time and for any or no reason in its sole discretion, even if access and use continues to be allowed to others. upon such suspension or termination, you must immediately (a) discontinue use of the website, and (b) destroy any copies you have made of any portion of the material. accessing the website after such termination, suspension, or discontinuation shall constitute an act of trespass. further, you agree that site owner shall not be liable to you or any third party for any termination or suspension of your access to the website. 19. investigations. site owner reserves the right to investigate suspected violations of these terms. site owner may seek to gather information from the user who is suspected of violating these terms, and from any other user. site owner may suspend any users whose conduct or postings are under investigation and may remove such material from its servers as it deems appropriate and without notice. if site owner believes, in its sole discretion, that a violation of these terms has occurred, it may edit or modify any submission, posting, or upload, remove the material permanently, cancel postings, warn users, suspend users and passwords, terminate accounts, or take other corrective action it deems appropriate. site owner will fully cooperate with any law enforcement authorities or court order requesting or directing site owner to disclose the identity of anyone publishing or otherwise making available any materials that are believed to violate these terms. you waive and hold harmless all site owner parties from any claims resulting from any action taken by any site owner parties during or as a result of its investigations, or from any actions taken as a consequence of investigations by either a releasee or law enforcement authorities. 20. notice for california users. under california code section 1789.3, california users of the website are entitled to the following specific consumer rights notice: the complaint assistance unit of the division of consumer services of the california department of consumer affairs may be contacted in writing at 400 r street, suite 1080, sacramento, ca 95814, or by telephone at (916) 445 1254 or (800) 952 5210. 21. reservation of rights. all rights not expressly granted in these terms are reserved by the site owner. nothing contained in these terms shall be construed as conferring by implication, estoppel, or otherwise any license or right under any copyright, patent, trademark or other intellectual property right of the site owner or any other person or entity. 22. governing law. these terms shall be governed by the laws of the state of new york, without regards to principles of conflicts of law. you agree to submit to the exclusive jurisdiction of any state or federal court located in the new york, united states of america, and waive any jurisdictional, venue, or inconvenient forum objections to such courts. 23. jurisdiction. you are responsible for complying with local laws, if and to the extent local laws are applicable. you specifically agree to comply with all applicable laws concerning the transmission of technical data exported from the country in which you reside. you may not use, export, or re-export the products or any copy or adaptation in violation of any applicable laws or regulations including, without limitation, united states, canadian or european export laws and regulations. 24. severability. if any provision hereof is held illegal, invalid or unenforceable by any competent authority in any jurisdiction, such illegality, invalidity or unenforceability shall not in any manner affect or render illegal, invalid or unenforceable such provision in any other jurisdiction or any other provision hereof in any jurisdiction. 25. modification of these terms. the site owner may modify, alter, or otherwise update these terms and additional terms and conditions applicable to the website, including eliminating or discontinuing any content on or feature of the website, or changing any fees or charges for use of the website or product or services available on the website, at any time by updating this posting. we will provide additional notice in advance if material changes are being made to these terms, which site owner may provide by any means permitted under applicable law (e.g., a disclaimer on our website or an email to subscribers). your continued use of the website after such notice shall be deemed acceptance of such changes. you can determine when these terms were last revised by referring to the “last updated” legend at the top of these terms. you agree to review these terms each time you access and use the website and to be bound by such terms of use as are in effect at the time when you access the website. 26. survival. these terms apply while you are accessing the website and remain in effect thereafter. in the event that the website is no longer accessible to you, the provisions set out in sections 2, 3, 4 and 10 through 26 of these terms and conditions shall survive thereafter. ©gildan activewear srl. all rights reserved. all rules, terms and conditions are subject to change without notice. × ok follow us on instagram @americanapparel view instagram subscribe to our newsletter let’s be friends. subscribe to the newsletter for update on what's next for american apparel email address customer service help contact us our brand about us meet the fabrics meet the models wholesale email us facebook twitter instagram 2020 gildan activewear srl do not sell right to know privacy policy cookie policy your california privacy rights notice of collection and opt-out terms of use social compliance cookie preference 2020 gildan activewear srl back to top