来源URL: https://web.archive.org/web/20231230214342/https://www.rawlings.com/information-rewards.html
================================================================================

rawlings, easton, miken, & worth rewards & loyalty | rawlings skip to main content skip to footer content 🎁 order by 12/15 for guaranteed christmas delivery learn more 🎄 check out our holiday gift guide ☰ our brands rawlings easton miken worth my account log in order status cart 0 0 back close × holiday deals holiday deals glove deals bat deals helmet deals catcher's gear deals apparel deals bag deals ball deals view all sport baseball fastpitch holiday deals save up to 60% now custom custom custom baseball gloves custom fastpitch gloves custom helmets personalize personalized gloves engraved gloves engraved batting helmets new custom glove options your game. your way. custom fastpitch gloves unlimited choices for fastpitch gloves series custom baseball gloves custom fastpitch gloves mlb® team logo gloves gameday 57 rev1x pro preferred heart of the hide liberty advanced encore breakout foundation series r9 exclusives position infield outfield pitcher catcher first base sport baseball fastpitch training size 11.25" 11.5" 11.75" 12" 12.25" 12.5" 12.75" 13" 32" 33" 34" age group 6u 8u 10u 12u 14u high school pro/college t-ball this is rawlings gold glove award platinum glove award gold glove winners ncaa advisory baseball schools ncaa advisory softball schools holiday glove deals up to $75 off hoh & pro preferred models get free engraving too bats series mach ai icon clout quatro pro velo 5150 mantra threat big stick elite impact all bats sport baseball fastpitch certification bbcor usssa baseball usa baseball fastpitch all association drop -3 -5 -8 -9 -10 -11 -12 -16 material alloy composite all wood ash birch maple wood composite icon bat family the hottest series avaiable shop bbcor, usssa, & usa balls league mlb little league ncaa babe ruth cal ripken usa pony usssa view all usage game practice memorabilia display cubes mlb special events world series all-star game spring training postseason franchise milestones player milestones view all sport baseball softball basketball football quantity 1 each 3 pack 6 pack dozen bucket shop tons of top memorabilia balls own a piece of history protective category batting helmets catcher's gear umpire gear facemasks batting helmets baseball fastpitch mach velo coolflo view all helmets catcher's gear baseball fastpitch catcher's sets chest protectors leg guards catcher's helmets catcher's masks mach velo renegade view all catcher's gear helmet sizes senior junior small medium large x-large catcher's gear sizes adult youth the new high-viz faceguard improves visibility by 30% plus save up to 15% on select helmets bags usage backpack catcher's bag duffle bag ball bag sackpack sling bag glove crib view all series gold glove legion franchise hybrid player throwback view all sport baseball fastpitch color black navy royal scarlet dark green gray view all new gold collection bags shop backpack, wheeled, or duffel bags apparel sport baseball fastpitch football usage pants outerwear jerseys shirts joggers shorts hats footwear belts & socks gender men women boys girls size adult youth color black white gray navy royal green view all holiday deals save 50% on select apparel hats, t-shirts, hoodies, & more batting gloves sport baseball softball view all series pro preferred workhorse 5150 up to 60% off select batting gloves buy for the entire roster accessories leather goods wallets backpacks tote bags duffle bags briefcase portfolio dog collection batting gloves baseball fastpitch view all field equipment bases home plates pitching rubbers base accessories view all training gloves batting tees hitting nets training balls coaching for fans mlb baseballs gloves helmets snack helmets tailgating usage glove care batting coaching sunglasses hats save up to 60% off leather goods the perfect holiday gift clearance usage gloves bats helmets catcher's gear apparel batting gloves weekly deal balls view all sport baseball fastpitch save over $200 on select bats get your batting cage bat while you can team rawlings gold glove gold glove award platinum glove award gold glove winners teams and advisors mlb pro advisory staff ncaa advisory baseball schools ncaa advisory softball schools custom gloves custom baseball gloves custom fastpitch gloves demo the latest rawlings bats find your local d-bat store today my account rawlings easton miken worth rewards1 point for every $1 spent every 100 points = $5 offbenefits1 point for every $1 spentevery 100 points = $5 in rewards redeem reward dollars on any purchaseexclusive offerstrack your rewards by signing into your accountkeep an eye out for products with double points on special daysprogram informationhow do i enroll?log into your existing account or create an account here: account register﻿once you are logged in, under loyalty, select enroll and add your phone number.﻿why join the loyalty program?membership is freeearn 1 point for every $1 you spendearn points in-store and onlineredeem points right awayreceive member-exclusive offerswhere can i use my rewards dollars?online at: ﻿rawlings.com﻿easton.com miken.comworth.com ﻿any questions:call customer service at 1-866-678-4327 or email service@rawlings.comcan i cancel my membership?yes, call customer service at 1-866-678-4327 or email service@rawlings.com﻿﻿can i get points for purchasing a gift card?no, gift cards, taxes, and fees are excluded﻿how soon after purchase do my points appear in my account?points appear after the items have been shipped and the shipping confirmation email has been sent. can other offers be combined with the loyalty program?yes﻿for how long are my points valid?points expire 18 months after the points were earned﻿will my information be given out in any email or marketing list?only rawlings sporting goods company, inc will have access to your email address. your email will not be shared with any other company.﻿is this a credit card?no, this is a free rewards program. ﻿where can i locate lost information?click "forgot password" on the sign-in page, enter your email, and a link to reset your password will be sent to you.﻿when using points, does it count to acquiring new points?ex: if i spend $350 and then use the $10 rewards points, do i get credit for spending $360 or is it just deducted.no, the reward amount does not get rewarded. you will be eligible to receive points on the subtotal of your purchase.if i forgot to use my account but had one, is there any way to redeem those points?yes call customer service at 1-866-678-4327membership rules﻿revised august 23, 2021﻿subject to the terms and conditions set forth below (these "terms"), members ("members") of the rawlings sporting goods, inc. ("rawlings") rewards program (the "program") will earn points in connection with the purchase of qualifying products online that are redeemable towards the purchase of certain products. 1.membershipfree membership no purchase is necessary to obtain membership in the program.2. eligibility.you must be age 13 years or older and a resident of the united states to be eligible for membership. membership in the program is limited to individuals only and is limited to one account per individual. persons under the age of 18 ("minors") must obtain their parents' or legal guardians' consent prior to participation. by signing up for the program, you agree that you are over the age of 18 (or if you are a minor, that your parent or legal guardian has consented) and you agree (or, if you are a minor, your parent or legal guardian agrees) to be bound by these terms and conditions. to enroll in the program, you must provide your first name, last name, mailing address, phone number, and email address. the program is void where prohibited by law. members are entitled to only one member account.3.opening an account.you may apply to become a member of the program by visiting www.rawlings.com (the "website"). in order to apply on the website, you must first be a registered user of the website and have a user name and password.4.access/change member information.members must keep their personal information on their program membership account (the "account") up-to-date by visiting the website. registered users of the website must provide their individual email address when logging on the website, which will allow the member to update their personal profile. if you are a member of the program but not a registered user of the website, you may become a registered user of the website by clicking the "my rewards" link in the header of the my account section, then click "create an account" and proceeding through the associated registration screens. once you are a registered user of the website and have signed up for the program, the "my account" link will allow maintenance of both site registration and program associated information. rawlings may also obtain change of address updates from other sources such as the u.s. postal service, but is not obligated to do so. the information you provide as a member of the program will be handled according to rawlings’ privacy policy. to learn more about rawlings' privacy policy, please visit www.rawlings.com or contact customer care service at 1-866-678-4327.﻿5.member cancellation.you may cancel your program membership at any time by sending an email to service@rawlings.com. upon cancellation, any unused points accrued in your account will be forfeited and cannot be redeemed and you will no longer be eligible for any program benefits.2.earning points1.generalmembers can earn points on the purchase of qualifying products at the website. for all website purchases, you must be a registered user of the website to get credit for online purchases. you must be signed into this account to receive any credit.﻿2.earning rate.members earn one (1) point for every one dollar ($1) spent when they purchase qualifying products on the website if the member is logged into the website. points are rounded up. for example, if you spend $19.99, you will receive 20 points. calculation is as follows: $19.99 x 1 point per dollar = 19.99 points, which is rounded up to 20 points.3.gift cards.when a member makes a qualifying purchase on the website using a gift card, the member will earn points on the amount of the purchase. 4.exclusions.members earn program points only on the purchase price of qualifying products if they are logged onto the website. calculation of program points excludes payment by the member for shipping charges and all taxes, including without limitation, federal, state, and local taxes or use taxes. program points will not be earned on any discounts or other credits offered in connection with a product. for example, if a product that is normally $100 is on sale for $75, a member will only earn points on the purchase price of $75. purchases of gift cards, redemption of merchandise vouchers, and any type of price adjustments, including merchandise returns, are not eligible for points. all purchases made: (i) by a member prior to such member joining the program or (ii) on the website without a member being logged onto the member's account, are not eligible for program credit.﻿5.returns.points earned for a purchase that is then the subject of a return, refund, returned check due to non-sufficient funds, or other credit will be deducted from the member's account in an amount equal to the points earned for the original transaction, including bonus points. if a return will cause your account to have a negative point balance, a zero account balance will be placed into your account.﻿6.bonus point promotions.from time to time, rawlings may run certain bonus point promotions. under bonus point promotions, members can earn additional or "bonus points" in connection with the purchase of certain products through the website. when these products are purchased by a member, the member will earn bonus points on each product, as specified in the offer. bonus point promotions are subject to the terms and conditions of the offer and may be offered at any time in rawlings' sole discretion. bonus point offers cannot be combined with any other offer. if a member purchases a product during a bonus point promotion and the product comes with an additional, free product, bonus points will not be issued on the retail value of the free product. if a member redeems points towards the purchase of a bonus point product and pays a portion of the retail price after point redemption, the member will receive bonus points on the balance of the retail amount actually paid by the member. if a member redeems points towards the purchase of a bonus point product in an amount equal to the full price of the bonus point product, the member will not earn any bonus points. you may also earn additional points on non-purchase activities in accordance with the terms published by rawlings. you may also earn additional points on certain purchases from eligible third parties in accordance with the terms published by rawlings. from time to time, rawlings may offer you the chance to win various prizes, including points. there is no purchase necessary to play or to win. rules and restrictions will apply to such promotions.3.redeeming points﻿1.general.points earned by a member may be redeemed for money off products purchased through the website, provided a member is using a minimum of 100 points.2.gift cards.points cannot be used towards the purchase of gift cards.3.redemption.members may redeem their points on any purchase made on the website. to redeem points towards a purchase on the website, a member must be a registered user of the website and must have linked their account number with their online account. points may be redeemed on the purchase price of qualifying products only and cannot be used towards the payment of sales tax or shipping and handling charges or for the purchase of gift cards.﻿4.exclusions.points accumulated on different accounts of different members may not be shared, transferred, combined or aggregated to make purchases of products or for any other reason. points earned in a transaction cannot be redeemed in the same transaction.﻿4.general﻿by joining the program, you agree to be bound by the terms and conditions set forth in these program rules. rawlings reserves the right to cancel, modify, or restrict any aspect of the program, including, without limitation, the point conversion ratio and the point expiration policy, at any time. any changes can be made without advance notice and any such changes would be stated in an updated version of these terms. rawlings may make changes to these terms even though such changes may affect the member's ability to use points already accumulated. you are responsible for remaining knowledgeable about these terms, so review these terms regularly. a member's points balance, as reflected in rawlings' records, shall be deemed conclusive and correct. rawlings reserves the right to determine the amount of points in any member's account based on rawlings' internal records related to such member's account. in the event of an inconsistency between the amount accrued in a member's account and rawlings' internal records, rawlings' internal records will control. rawlings assumes no responsibility for errors caused by incorrect member information. your right to transfer points earned or granted under the program is strictly limited. the sale of points is prohibited and may result in the confiscation or cancellation of your points as well as suspension or termination of your membership, which in each case shall be final and conclusive. rawlings may revoke any member's membership in the program at any time if such member engages in abuse of the program or fails to follow these terms. fraud or abuse relating to the accrual of points or redemption of rewards may result in revocation of membership in the program and may affect a member's eligibility for participation in any other rawlings program. rawlings rewards points are non-transferable and cannot be redeemed for cash. the interpretation and application of the program's terms are at the sole discretion and determination of rawlings. for information or other questions, click on contact or call rawlings customer care at 1-866-678-4327.﻿ sign up for email to receive 20% off * sign up * valid on your next order; some exclusions apply follow us baseball softball support ordering order status your account shipping & delivery warranty information returns information sizing charts rewards affiliate program download a catalog team or group sales my locker / uniform builder store locator safety notice about careers website accessibility ca transparency act transparency in coverage supplier code of conduct patents terms of use privacy security policy contact live chat service@rawlings.com commerce: 1-866-678-4327 mon - fri: 9am - 6pm et rawlings bat warranty dept: 1-877-225-1041 mon - fri: 10am - 7pm et © rawlings sporting goods.