来源URL: https://web.archive.org/web/20231230214342/https://www.rawlings.com/support-ordering.html
================================================================================

learn how to order from rawlings | ordering support | rawlings skip to main content skip to footer content free shipping on all orders over $35 shop now ☰ our brands rawlings easton miken worth my account log in order status cart 0 0 back close × custom custom custom baseball gloves custom fastpitch gloves custom helmets personalize personalized gloves engraved gloves engraved batting helmets new custom glove options your game. your way. custom fastpitch gloves unlimited choices for fastpitch gloves series custom baseball gloves custom fastpitch gloves mlbâ® team logo gloves gameday 57 rev1x pro preferred heart of the hide liberty advanced encore breakout foundation series r9 exclusives position infield outfield pitcher catcher first base sport baseball fastpitch training size 11.25" 11.5" 11.75" 12" 12.25" 12.5" 12.75" 13" 32" 33" 34" age group 6u 8u 10u 12u 14u high school pro/college t-ball this is rawlings gold glove award platinum glove award gold glove winners ncaa advisory baseball schools ncaa advisory softball schools get 15% off today breakout series gloves get your new gamer now bats series mach ai icon clout quatro pro velo 5150 mantra threat big stick elite impact all bats sport baseball fastpitch certification bbcor usssa baseball usa baseball fastpitch all association drop -3 -5 -8 -9 -10 -11 -12 -16 material alloy composite all wood ash birch maple wood composite icon bat family the hottest series avaiable shop bbcor, usssa, & usa balls league mlb little league ncaa babe ruth cal ripken usa pony usssa view all usage game practice memorabilia display cubes mlb special events world series all-star game spring training postseason franchise milestones player milestones view all sport baseball softball basketball football quantity 1 each 3 pack 6 pack dozen bucket shop tons of top memorabilia balls own a piece of history protective category batting helmets catcher's gear umpire gear facemasks batting helmets baseball fastpitch mach velo coolflo view all helmets catcher's gear baseball fastpitch catcher's sets chest protectors leg guards catcher's helmets catcher's masks mach velo renegade view all catcher's gear helmet sizes senior junior small medium large x-large catcher's gear sizes adult youth the new high-viz faceguard improves visibility by 30% bags usage backpack catcher's bag duffle bag ball bag sling bag glove crib view all series gold collection legion franchise hybrid player throwback view all sport baseball fastpitch color black navy royal scarlet dark green gray view all new gold collection bags shop backpack, wheeled, or duffel bags apparel sport baseball fastpitch football usage pants outerwear jerseys shirts joggers shorts hats footwear belts & socks gender men women boys girls size adult youth color black white gray navy royal green view all up to 60% off select apparel hats, t-shirts, hoodies, & more batting gloves sport baseball softball view all series pro preferred workhorse 5150 pro preferred batting gloves unleash you potential like jonah heim accessories leather goods wallets backpacks tote bags duffle bags briefcase portfolio dog collection batting gloves baseball fastpitch view all field equipment bases home plates pitching rubbers base accessories view all training gloves batting tees hitting nets training balls coaching for fans mlb baseballs gloves helmets snack helmets tailgating usage glove care batting coaching sunglasses hats official base supplier of the mlb get yours now clearance usage gloves bats helmets catcher's gear apparel batting gloves weekly deal balls view all sport baseball fastpitch save over $200 on select bats get your batting cage bat while you can team rawlings gold glove gold glove award platinum glove award gold glove winners teams and advisors mlb pro advisory staff ncaa advisory baseball schools ncaa advisory softball schools custom gloves custom baseball gloves custom fastpitch gloves demo the latest rawlings bats find your local d-bat store today my account rawlings easton miken worth orderingemails about your orderafter submitting the order, we will keep you updated regarding order status via email. an order confirmation email will be sent immediately following completion of the checkout process. it will outline upcoming steps and summarize the contents of your order. if you do not receive an order confirmation email within 1 hour of the order being submitted, please contact customer care, toll-free at 1-866-678-4327. one of our customer care specialists will be happy to assist you. if you are notified when adding an item to your cart that it will be special ordered, we will email when that occurs. the final email regarding your order will include shipping confirmation. and that's it! your order should arrive in accordance with the shipping option selected during the checkout process. if for some reason there is a problem or delay processing your order, we will email with details.canceling or modifying an orderif you need to cancel a recently placed order, please contact our customer care department at 1-866-678-4327 toll-free.at rawlings we process orders as quickly as possible. if the order has already been processed, you will not be able to cancel or modify it, but we will process an exchange or return of the item(s) in question after we receive them back from you. for more information about refunds and exchanges, click here.item availabilityitem availability can be determined using your shopping cart or contacting customer care, toll-free at 1-866-678-4327.not available - if an item is unavailable, you will not be able to add it to the shopping cart.special order - if an item needs to be special ordered, it will be noted in red within your shopping cart. typically, special ordered items require an additional 5 business days to process.in-stock - in-stock items will appear normally in the shopping cart and will be shipped within 1 business day upon completion of the order.occasionally, our system may inaccurately reflect an item's availability. in this event, you will be notified via email during the order fulfillment process. details will be provided regarding additional processing requirements and applicable options.discount policycoupon codes and promotional discountsall valid coupon codes should be applied in the cart at the time of checkout.we do not accept expired coupon codes.we do not accept competitor coupon codes or discounts.when purchasing single or multiple items, we will accept one coupon code or promotional discount per order.coupon codes cannot be used in conjunction with a promotional discount in the same order. when a coupon is entered, if that coupon has a greater value than the promotional discount, the promotional discount will be removed and the coupon will be applied. if the promotional discount has a greater value than the coupon, the coupon will not be applied.for example, a catchers set (chest protectors, leg guards, and catcher's helmet) for $250 is added to the shopping cart and a 10% discount ($25) is automatically shown in the cart for a total of $225. during checkout, a coupon code is applied for $20 off a $200 purchase. the $250 catchers set will not receive the $20 off for the coupon code since the promotional discount has a greater value. so, the total for this purchase will be $225.minimum advertised price (map)minimum advertised price (map) a map is an agreement between suppliers and retailers that specifies the lowest price at which an item is allowed to be advertised. if you've ever tried to shop around for an item and kept coming across the same price, you probably discovered that item's map.rawlings performance products fall into this category. as part of the map policy, these performance products also are not eligible for discounts or promotions. the map policy helps to support the technology and development needed for these performance products.payment optionsfor your convenience we offer the following payment options...credit cardwe are proud to accept visa, mastercard, american express, and discover.paypal checkoutapplepayto protect our customers, we verify all shipping and billing addresses with credit card companies when processing orders. if shipping merchandise to an address other than your billing address, the order may be delayed for verification.sales taxstate laws require that we charge applicable sales tax on orders shipped to addresses in all 50 states. sales tax will be charged on shipping and handling where applicable. we do not charge sales tax on the purchase of gift certificates; however, items paid for with gift certificates will be taxed if shipped to addresses in the states or regions mentioned above.placing an orderwe have tried to make ordering on-line as simple as possible. the following steps will guide you through the process...select your merchandiseď»żthe simplest way to find merchandise is to browse by category or perform a search using the search box in the upper right hand corner.after locating the merchandise you wish to purchase, select the appropriate size and color (if necessary) and click the "add to cart" button. changes to the shopping cart are allowed up until the order is submitted.if problems are experienced when adding items to the shopping cart, it is possible that your internet browser does not accept cookies.proceed to checkout - once you have finished shopping, it is time to checkout. from the shopping cart select the begin checkout button. note: it is important to make sure the shopping cart contents are correct; you will not be able to change them after submitting the order.billing & shipping information - the first step of the checkout process is to enter billing and shipping addresses. then select which shipping method you wish to use. for express shipping options, click on the express shipping rates button. this will calculate rates based on the package destination and the weight of the items in the shopping cart. if you have previously registered with us, enter the email address and password to automatically fill in billing and shipping information. if not registered with us, you will have the opportunity at the end of the checkout process to create a profile for future convenience. enter any rawlings gear gift cards or coupon codes at this time. note: only one gift card and one coupon code are allowed to be entered per order.review & payment information - the next step is to review the order and provide payment information. our online system allows credit card payments only. for your security, we use verisignâ® to encrypt and authorize all credit card transactions. if your credit card is not successfully authorized, please contact our customer care department for further assistance.receipt/order processing - after submitting payment information, an order confirmation page will be provided. this page will contain important order information, including the order number. print this page for your records. if you have any questions or wish to check order status, please provide this order number. we will keep you informed via email as the order is processed.redeeming a gift card onlinegift cards may be applied to orders placed through our website or over the phone by customer care. you will be prompted for a gift card code during the second step of the checkout process. if the amount of your gift card exceeds the order total, the balance will remain active for later use. if you have questions regarding gift cards please call our customer care department, toll-free at 1-866-678-gear (4327), or email us at service@rawlings.com.team saleswe are more than happy to assist with team or group sale needs. for more details, please contact team sales, toll-free at 1-866-678-4327. sign up for email to receive 20% off * sign up * valid on your next order; some exclusions apply follow us baseball softball support ordering order status your account shipping & delivery warranty information returns information sizing charts rewards affiliate program download a catalog team or group sales my locker / uniform builder store locator safety notice about careers website accessibility ca transparency act transparency in coverage supplier code of conduct patents terms of use privacy security policy contact live chat service@rawlings.com commerce: 1-866-678-4327 mon - fri: 9am - 6pm et; closed 1/1 rawlings bat warranty dept: 1-877-225-1041 mon - fri: 10am - 7pm et; closed 1/1 © rawlings sporting goods.