来源URL: https://web.archive.org/web/20121222215435/http://www.build.com/returns
================================================================================

build.com: returns (800) 375-3403 call center hours monday through friday:5:00 am to 6:00 pm pstsaturday: 8:00 am to 1:00 pm pstsunday: 8:00 am to 1:00 pm pst hello. login my account contact us help cart - 0 items search home shop by room bathroom kitchen dining room bedroom laundry room living room patio garage home office bar & game room shop by department plumbing lighting hardware ventilation tools appliances flooring & tile fans power equipment outdoor heating & cooling cleaning storage & organization home decor lawn & garden independent living products coupons diy guides bathroom articles kitchen articles lighting articles outdoor articles door hardware articles garage articles project: home faq's brands american standard baldwin hardware broan delta kichler lighting kohler kraus kwikset moen progress lighting quoizel schlage view all brands ordering product availability backorders manufacturer warranty payment methods special pricing sales tax information shipping & returns order tracking shipping rates shipping methods returns policy shipping policy why build.com? safest place to shop best value reasons to shop security & privacy our company about us contact us terms of use affiliate program network of stores become a vendor professional accounts you are: home > help center > returns returns build.com is the best place to buy products online. we stand behind our products and guarantee your satisfaction with every order. build.com promises to deliver high-quality products, in excellent condition, to your door. if, for any reason, your shipment is not satisfactory, we will gladly replace it or accept a return of the merchandise. the following items may be returned for a refund: merchandise that has not been removed from its original packing defective merchandise merchandise that was mispacked or was not shipped correctly merchandise that has not been installed need to setup a return? click here to log into your account and setup your return online—24/7! build.com will accept returns within 90 days of when you place your order. there is no minimum value on returns and no restocking fees. build.com is not responsible for any labor costs incurred as the result of the installation of wrong or defective parts. in addition, we’re not responsible for lost shipments. instead, you must file a lost shipment freight claim with the respective shipper. finally, merchandise must have not been damaged in freight transit. some items build.com sells are not available in our web catalog but can be purchased over the phone. if you purchase a special-order item by contacting or calling our toll-free number, it may not be returnable. if the item is defective or damaged, we will issue credit in full or send you a replacement product if it’s still available for purchase. please call our customer service number if you are uncertain about any part of this return policy or if you have unanswered questions. general returns* we can process general returns and refunds only for items purchased from build.com or one of its affiliates. to set up a general return online you can visit our returns tool here. all general returns must be set up within 90 days from the day you receive your product. to receive a refund, please make sure of the following: all returned merchandise must be in resalable condition the product must be free from scratches and/or defects all merchandise cannot have been installed you must have the original packaging for the item there cannot be any writing or labels on the packaging for the item packages must be sent back by customer via a traceable source, such as fedex or ups. please do not use usps all items must be returned with their assigned return authorization (rga) number. items returned without an rga number may delay credit please note: items marked as clearance are not eligible for return unless defective. please be aware that due to the nature of clearance sales we may not be able to offer a replacement on a defective clearance item. gas powered items that have had gasoline put in them are not returnable due to shipping restrictions on hazardous materials. once gasoline has been put in the tank the item immediately falls under manufacturer warranty. you may contact us or the manufacturer in order to locate a service center near you. you can also cancel items that have not been shipped yet. to cancel an order that has not yet shipped, please call our customer service department immediately. once an item or an order has been shipped it cannot be canceled, and you will have to process a general return. if you’re not completely happy with your purchase,build.com has simplified the return process. we now offer pre-paid labels (ppls) on all general returns just by setting up a return through the call center. the cost to ship the item back to us is deducted from the credit the customer receives once the item is returned. defective returns** we can process defective returns and refunds only for items purchased from build.com or one of its affiliates. to set up a defective return online you can visit our returns tool here. all defective returns must be set up within 60 days from the day you receive your product. there are no restocking fees on defective returns. **the following manufacturers do not accept defective returns: campbell hausfeld & ridgid tools. instead items must be sent or taken to an authoorized service center where they will be inspected and repaired or replaced at the manufacturers option. returns on flooring product purchaser is responsible for confirming the order accuracy and contacting us immediately with any discrepancies or changes. all orders are fulfilled as soon as they are placed. once an order has been fulfilled the ability to change or cancel the order is not guaranteed. if you need to cancel an order, please call us immediately. order cancellations must be initiated over the phone. orders canceled after being shipped will be treated as a "return" and will be assessed a 25% non-negotiable restocking fee plus any associated freight charges. if you need to return an order, you may return and unopened and resalable cartons of flooring. items must be returned within 30 days after receipt, some restrictions apply. returned product will be assessed a 25% non-negotiable restocking fee plus any associated freight charges. we will accept returns on entire orders and partial orders with a 1 carton minimum. we only sell in full-box quantities. similarly, we only accept returns in full-box quantities. all wood flooring manufacturers recommend that you purchase 5% additional flooring to use as a waste factor. we do not take back waste, or left over flooring pieces. returned products must be in resalable condition in their original packaging. your responsibilities include, but are not limited to: applicable cancellation or restocking fee. associated actual freight costs, which may be different from invoiced amounts. preparing material for successful return transit. all costs for items returned without prior authorization; including refused deliveries. non-returnable items: – returns policy special order and/or custom milled flooring not subject to returns. flooring accessories; molding, trim and/or transition items. (note: moldings are generic and are sold as a complimentary color and may not be an exact match to your flooring color). installation materials; adhesives and trowels. underlayment. cleaning materials. promotional products; including coupon and/or weekly items. need to setup a return? click here to log into your account and setup your return online—24/7! build.com will accept returns within 30 days of when you place your order. there is no minimum value on returns and a 25% restocking fee. build.com is not responsible for any labor costs incurred as the result of the installation of wrong or defective parts. in addition, we’re not responsible for lost shipments. instead, you must file a lost shipment freight claim with the respective shipper. finally, merchandise must have not been damaged in freight transit. some items build.com sells are not available in our web catalog but can be purchased over the phone. if the item is defective or damaged, we will issue credit in full or send you a replacement product if it’s still available for purchase. please call our customer service number if you are uncertain about any part of this return policy or if you have unanswered questions. missing items policy please inspect the merchandise immediately when you receive it. we will not honor any complaints on visible defects after the product has been cut or installed. there are occasions when an order is shipped from multiple locations and will arrive at different times.  in the event that all material is not delivered, please call us immediately. it is important to mark on your delivery receipt or bill of lading at the time of delivery any missing parts, pieces, rolls, or boxes. if you believe you have received the wrong product please verify the item number of the item(s) you received compared to you order confirmation and/or invoice. if it does not match, we recommend you refuse this delivery and contact us immediately.  you must return product in original packaging and will be reimbursed for returned freight charges if the wrong product was shipped. defective / damaged returns we can process defective returns and refunds only for items purchased from build.com or one of its affiliates. to set up a defective return online you can visit our returns tool here. all defective returns must be set up within 60 days from the day you receive your product. there are no restocking fees on defective returns. installed flooring cannot be returned for any reason including defective. in the case where defective merchandise is found after installation, a warranty claim must be filed with the manufacturer and may be covered under the manufacturers warranty. our freight carriers are selected through stringent guidelines for service and quality. if you have a concern regarding delivery, please let us know. in the rare occasion that you receive damaged material, please: notate the bill of lading. damages not noted at time of delivery may not be covered for refund or replacement. only refuse material that is damaged on arrival. we recommend that you accept the intact portion of your shipment and refuse the amount that is damaged. this will help us expedite the replacement process for damaged goods do not discard the damaged material. once reported, the damaged material is the property of the carrier and they have 30 days to decide if they wish to inspect, pick-up or discard the material. notify us immediately. you have 15 days to acknowledge a claim. refer to our freight claims policy (below) for details. occasionally, at the time of delivery, you may find scuffed, ripped, or torn cartons. this is not serious unless the actual flooring or item itself has been damaged. it is possible, from time to time, to receive carton(s) of flooring that have minor freight damage to one or two sections of a few boards within a carton of perfectly good ones. in this scenario, where only a few pieces within a carton are damaged, cut the damaged portion of the board off during installation so the majority of the board is usable. if a greater percent of the boards within a carton are damaged then you should put all of the damaged boards together and combine them to create a single carton(s) of solely damaged product to be claimed as damaged freight. a single damaged piece or two does not warrant the entire carton of flooring to be discarded. if you fail to note visible damage or missing items on the driver's bill of lading or if you later refuse to allow the damaged item(s) to be inspected by the freight company for any reason, we will be unable to file a claim against the carrier and you will be responsible for costs for additional stock and shipping. freight companies reserve the right to examine the damaged material. damaged items, once inspected, become the property of the freight company so do not dispose of any damaged items unless instructed to do so. any concealed damage seen later should be notified to us within 3 days of receipt. freight claim policy we're committed to providing the best possible service in the industry. although claims can be cumbersome, it is our intention to make this process as painless to you as we possibly can. if you have found damaged or defective material prior to installation, we are happy to take care of the issue. installation is acceptance. all claims for shortage/deduction must be made within 3 days after receipt of goods. please be prepared to follow the steps below so that your claim may be processed in a timely manner: provide a brief description of the issue. minimum of (6) pictures clearly showing the issue. reference your order number on all communications. include contact information; email address and a working phone number. preferred resolution; either credit or replacement. returns from canada we strive to streamline the returns process. please be aware that whether you’re doing a general or defective return, anytime you are sending something back across the border, certain documents are required by customs to clear the shipment. we will provide you with these documents along with detailed instructions of where to place them when you return the items to ensure that you’re not charged any taxes or duties to return them and to ensure that they clear customs with no delay. please follow all of the instructions included with your return authorization. processing canadian returns can take 1-2 business days longer in order for us to generate all of the appropriate customs documents. returns via mail follow the simple directions below to make your return by mail: contact our returns department by telephone or email to process your return and receive a return goods authorization (rga) number. once you’ve set up your return, you’ll receive an email with an rga number within 2 business days. along with this return number you’ll receive a ship-to address where you must send your merchandise. be sure to include your rga number with your merchandise. this number will be used to guarantee you receive your credit. note: if you return a product to us without an rga number, your return may be subject to additional fees. include all original packing materials, manuals, and accessories with the product to avoid any additional fees. we recommend items be returned via ups or insured parcel post for proof of delivery. please be certain that items are secure in their packaging so damage does not occur while they are in transit back to our warehouse. you are responsible for all freight charges. however, you’ll be credited all reasonable and customary freight charges relevant to that item if product is defective or the wrong item was shipped. refunds we will notify you via email of your refund once we’ve received and processed the returned item. please note: we will refund shipping costs only if the return is a result of our error. we will do our best to process the return quickly. please allow 14-21 days for processing. refunds will be credited to the original purchasing credit card account number only. if you paid by check, please allow an additional 14-21 days for delivery of check via usps. to begin processing a return, please visit our customer service department. your recently viewed items kohler k-5818-4 hartland 28-1/4" double basin top-mount enameled cas... compare don't miss a deal! sign up for email savings privacy policy faucetdirect.com bathroom faucets kitchen faucets toilets lightingdirect.com lamps chandeliers ceiling fans handlesets.com door locks door knobs door levers ventingdirect.com range hoods exhaust fans heaters ventingpipe.com stove pipe chimney pipe stoves my account my account login/register professional accounts my shopping cart my order history customer care contact us returns shipping policy about about us corporate site careers site map helpful links affiliate programs special pricing nonstock build.com policies security & privacy terms of use stay in the loop facebook google+ youtube twitter pinterest blog payments accepted © 2000-2013 build.com, inc.. all rights reserved. build.com is a build.com, inc network store your customer code: 82-14nts3g please enable javascript in your browser to experience all the custom features of our site, including the ability to make a purchase.