来源URL: https://web.archive.org/web/20131231220652/http://www.build.com/careers
================================================================================

build.com smarter home improvement - plumbing, lighting, hvac, door hardware & more - build.com × shipping rates & methods the cost to ship items varies by item, shipment and shipping option. free ground shipping on orders over $49 standard ground shipping transit time is 5-7 business days. free freight shipping on orders over $1500 curb side delivery (also called freight or "ltl" shipping) is reserved for large, heavy, or oversized items like chandeliers, bathtubs, shower doors, etc. items are palletized and loaded onto a large truck for shipment, and delivered to your curb by scheduled appointment. transit time is 7-10 business days. * for exact shipping costs, add the product(s) to your cart and enter your zip code. learn more about shipping rates and policies free ground shipping on orders over $49* click for details sign up log in order status pro account help (800) 375-3403 live chat 0cart is empty bathroom bathroom faucets bathroom sinks shower faucets bathroom hardware and accessories toilets bathtubs more bathroom showers bathroom lighting tub faucets exhaust fans vanities medicine cabinets shop all bathroom what can we help you with? let one of our experts help guide you through your project with expert advice ranging from inspiration to installation. (800) 375-3403 kitchen kitchen faucets kitchen sinks garbage disposals kitchen appliances cabinet hardware bar faucets more kitchen bar and prep sinks kitchen accessories cabinet storage & organization hot and cold water dispensers pot filler faucets kitchen lighting shop all kitchen what can we help you with? let one of our experts help guide you through your project with expert advice ranging from inspiration to installation. (800) 375-3403 lighting bathroom lighting chandeliers pendant lighting ceiling lighting wall sconces outdoor wall sconces more lighting all outdoor lighting recessed lighting post lights landscape lighting island lighting under cabinet lights shop all lighting what can we help you with? let one of our experts help guide you through your project with expert advice ranging from inspiration to installation. (800) 375-3403 fans indoor ceiling fans outdoor ceiling fans all ceiling fans ceiling fan accessories bath fans air circulators more fans in-line fans utility fans attic fans whole house fans shop all fans what can we help you with? let one of our experts help guide you through your project with expert advice ranging from inspiration to installation. (800) 375-3403 hardware door levers door knobs deadbolts door entry sets cabinet hardware keyless entry more hardware closet and pocket door hardware door accessories door hinges lock combo packs home accents multi point door hardware shop all hardware what can we help you with? let one of our experts help guide you through your project with expert advice ranging from inspiration to installation. (800) 375-3403 appliances refrigerators ranges washers and dryers range hoods wall ovens dishwashers more appliances microwave ovens cooktops beverage coolers and dispensers air conditioners small appliances trash compactors shop all appliances what can we help you with? let one of our experts help guide you through your project with expert advice ranging from inspiration to installation. (800) 375-3403 heating & cooling ceiling fans stove and chimney pipe stoves and fireplaces heaters water heaters air filters more heating & cooling thermostats air circulators register vents fireplace accessories ducting air conditioners shop all heating & cooling what can we help you with? let one of our experts help guide you through your project with expert advice ranging from inspiration to installation. (800) 375-3403 tools power tools hand tools cordless tools air tools tool accessories batteries and chargers more tools safety equipment garage cabinets plumbing tools wood working tools metal working tools automotive tools shop all tools what can we help you with? let one of our experts help guide you through your project with expert advice ranging from inspiration to installation. (800) 375-3403 outdoor outdoor lighting generators snowblowers lawn and garden power equipment barbecue grills more outdoor water pumps firepits patio heaters outdoor fireplaces outdoor storage sheds fountains shop all outdoor what can we help you with? let one of our experts help guide you through your project with expert advice ranging from inspiration to installation. (800) 375-3403 flooring hardwood flooring laminate flooring tile flooring multi-surface tile vinyl flooring bamboo flooring more flooring cork flooring rugs garage flooring flooring accessories installation tools vacuums shop all flooring what can we help you with? let one of our experts help guide you through your project with expert advice ranging from inspiration to installation. (800) 375-3403 / careers build.com careers build your career here our company "if you can bring great, fresh ideas and can execute on those ideas, your opportunity here is virtually limitless." -christian friedland, president and founder of build.com build.com is the fastest-growing online home improvement retailer. we are committed to providing the best selection, unmatched customer service and the easiest online shopping experience. at build.com, creative thinking and collaboration are the keys to our success. we continually encourage our employees to contribute their ideas, and we are looking for individuals who want to be part of a team and grow with us as a community. our culture work hard at build.com, we believe in taking risks and taking ownership. every employee has the opportunity to make their ideas a reality and we empower them to shine. we push the envelope when it comes to developing, refining, and implementing complex web applications. our in-house developers make build.com a force to be reckoned with amongst leading online retailers. play hard work can be stressful, so we put a lot of effort into providing activities to break up the day and build camaraderie off the clock. during the day, you can zen out in one of our weekly yoga classes, participate in a ping-pong tournament on the patio, or play a game of foosball in the game room. take the competition to the field by joining a build.com sports team - from soccer to softball, kickball to basketball, you’ll have no trouble getting involved. customers first customer experience is our top priority at build.com. with the customer service, marketing, and software development teams all located at our headquarters in chico, ca, we are always dedicating a 110% to our customers. from shipping issues to site maintenance, operations run fully in-house, which means fewer fires, fewer delays, and more happy customers. our city dive right in chico is a watersports haven. you’ll find plenty of buildies out wakeboarding on lake oroville, floating down the sacramento river, or cooling off at bear hole in upper park while enjoying the beautiful summer weather. great outdoors chico is home to bidwell park, the third-largest municipal park in california. mountain bike in upper bidwell, take a 10-mile hike up to feather falls, or take a stroll on table mountain in the spring and enjoy the wildflowers. get away take advantage of our amazing paid time-off benefits and venture out of town for a bit. chico is just a short drive from some of the best skiing and snowboarding north america has to offer, and only a couple hours from the beach. take a day trip up to one of lake tahoe’s seven resorts to let loose on the slopes or catch a giants game in the bay. after hours want to grab a beer after work? stop by sierra nevada taproom to taste a seasonal brew or visit the banshee, a downtown pub with a spectacular list of draft and bottled beer. whether you feel like singing karaoke, dancing to 80s music, or shooting some pool, downtown chico provides great options for a fun night out. shop local the biggest perk of living in the heart of california farmland is the ease of buying organic. shop the thursday night market or the saturday morning farmers market to stock up on some local goods or visit our neighbors at the csu, chico university farm for organic meat and produce. and we can’t forget about the downtown boutiques - did we mention buildies get discounts? family friendly thinking about starting a family? already have kids? with a variety of parks, great schools, and tons of fun and educational activities, chico is a safe and nurturing environment for you and your family. our jobs compare order samples customer service help center contact us returns shipping policy account my account login/register pro accounts my cart resources affiliate programs special pricing coupons nonstock items security & privacy terms of use company info about us careers site map stay connected - don't miss out on exclusive email offers! sign me up © 2000-2013 build.com, inc. all rights reserved. your customer code: 82-22yrr6c please enable javascript in your browser to experience all the custom features of our site, including the ability to make a purchase. what can we help you with? let one of our experts help guide you through your project with expert advice ranging from inspiration to installation. alberto h. view expert profiles what can we help you with? let one of our experts help guide you through your project with expert advice ranging from inspiration to installation. rob p. view expert profiles what can we help you with? let one of our experts help guide you through your project with expert advice ranging from inspiration to installation. aimee f. view expert profiles what can we help you with? let one of our experts help guide you through your project with expert advice ranging from inspiration to installation. rory e. view expert profiles what can we help you with? let one of our experts help guide you through your project with expert advice ranging from inspiration to installation. james b. view expert profiles what can we help you with? let one of our experts help guide you through your project with expert advice ranging from inspiration to installation. chris l. view expert profiles what can we help you with? let one of our experts help guide you through your project with expert advice ranging from inspiration to installation. gary c. view expert profiles what can we help you with? let one of our experts help guide you through your project with expert advice ranging from inspiration to installation. frankie r. view expert profiles what can we help you with? let one of our experts help guide you through your project with expert advice ranging from inspiration to installation. victor v. view expert profiles what can we help you with? let one of our experts help guide you through your project with expert advice ranging from inspiration to installation. ashley r. view expert profiles