来源URL: https://web.archive.org/web/20131231220652/http://www.build.com/learning-center/kitchen
================================================================================

kitchen learning center | build.com: diy, how to, ideas & more × shipping rates & methods the cost to ship items varies by item, shipment and shipping option. free ground shipping on orders over $49 standard ground shipping transit time is 5-7 business days. * this offer excludes deliveries made to alaska and hawaii. free freight shipping on orders over $1500 curb side delivery (also called freight or "ltl" shipping) is reserved for large, heavy, or oversized items like chandeliers, bathtubs, shower doors, etc. items are palletized and loaded onto a large truck for shipment, and delivered to your curb by scheduled appointment. transit time is 7-10 business days. * for exact shipping costs, add the product(s) to your cart and enter your zip code. learn more about shipping rates and policies free ground shipping on orders over $49* click for details sign up log in order status pro account help (800) 375-3403 live chat 0cart is empty bathroom bathroom faucets bathroom sinks shower faucets bathroom hardware and accessories toilets bathtubs more bathroom showers bathroom lighting tub faucets exhaust fans vanities medicine cabinets shop all bathroom what can we help you with? let one of our experts help guide you through your project with expert advice ranging from inspiration to installation. (800) 375-3403 kitchen kitchen faucets kitchen sinks garbage disposals kitchen appliances cabinet hardware bar faucets more kitchen bar and prep sinks kitchen accessories cabinet storage & organization hot and cold water dispensers pot filler faucets kitchen lighting shop all kitchen what can we help you with? let one of our experts help guide you through your project with expert advice ranging from inspiration to installation. (800) 375-3403 lighting bathroom lighting chandeliers pendant lighting ceiling lighting wall sconces outdoor wall sconces more lighting all outdoor lighting recessed lighting post lights island lighting under cabinet lights lamps shop all lighting what can we help you with? let one of our experts help guide you through your project with expert advice ranging from inspiration to installation. (800) 375-3403 fans indoor ceiling fans outdoor ceiling fans all ceiling fans ceiling fan accessories bath fans air circulators more fans in-line fans utility fans attic fans whole house fans shop all fans what can we help you with? let one of our experts help guide you through your project with expert advice ranging from inspiration to installation. (800) 375-3403 hardware door levers door knobs deadbolts door entry sets cabinet hardware keyless entry more hardware closet and pocket door hardware door accessories door hinges lock combo packs home accents multi point door hardware shop all hardware what can we help you with? let one of our experts help guide you through your project with expert advice ranging from inspiration to installation. (800) 375-3403 appliances refrigerators ranges washers and dryers range hoods wall ovens dishwashers more appliances microwave ovens cooktops beverage coolers and dispensers air conditioners small appliances trash compactors shop all appliances what can we help you with? let one of our experts help guide you through your project with expert advice ranging from inspiration to installation. (800) 375-3403 heating & cooling ceiling fans stove and chimney pipe stoves and fireplaces heaters water heaters air filters more heating & cooling thermostats air circulators register vents fireplace accessories ducting air conditioners shop all heating & cooling what can we help you with? let one of our experts help guide you through your project with expert advice ranging from inspiration to installation. (800) 375-3403 tools power tools hand tools cordless tools air tools tool accessories batteries and chargers more tools safety equipment garage cabinets plumbing tools wood working tools metal working tools automotive tools shop all tools what can we help you with? let one of our experts help guide you through your project with expert advice ranging from inspiration to installation. (800) 375-3403 outdoor outdoor lighting generators snowblowers lawn and garden power equipment barbecue grills more outdoor water pumps firepits patio heaters outdoor fireplaces outdoor storage sheds fountains shop all outdoor what can we help you with? let one of our experts help guide you through your project with expert advice ranging from inspiration to installation. (800) 375-3403 flooring hardwood flooring laminate flooring tile flooring multi-surface tile vinyl flooring bamboo flooring more flooring cork flooring rugs garage flooring flooring accessories installation tools vacuums shop all flooring what can we help you with? let one of our experts help guide you through your project with expert advice ranging from inspiration to installation. (800) 375-3403 / learning center > kitchen kitchen center from inspiration to installation plan your remodel ten tips to consider when choosing a contractor top 10 tips when choosing the right contractor for your next remodel project. read this article get inspired small kitchen ideas: style me modern get inspired with these modern products that fit perfectly in a small kitchen. read this article get inspired kitchen design ideas great tips for making your kitchen both functional and beautiful as you start planning your remodel. read this article plan your remodel micro-remodel: cabinet update find ways to upgrade your kitchen cabinets and save with these micro-remodel ideas! read this article plan your remodel design on a dime: kitchen remodel budget tips check out these 10 tips that will help you stay on budget for your kitchen remodel. read this article do it yourself how to make a spice rack make a spice rack to save your cabinet and counter space using this guide. read this article before and after before and after: gary's kitchen remodel gary upgrades his kitchen for a new modern look on a budget. read this article buying guide how to choose a kitchen faucet follow our guide to help you choose the best kitchen faucet. read this article buying guide how to choose a range follow our guide to help you choose the best range for your kitchen. read this article buying guide how to choose a gargbage disposal follow our guide understand important considerations when choosing the right garbage disposal. read this article before and after before and after: milan's budget remodel milan upgrades kitchen counters to add contrast. read this article planning your remodel kitchen remodel ideas: lighting make the most of your kitchen lighting with these simple tips. read this article buying guide how to choose a range hood use this guide to determine the right range hood for you. read this article buying guide how to choose a refrigerator use this guide to determine the right refrigerator for you. read this article buying guide how to choose a kitchen sink use this guide to determine the right kitchen sink for you. read this article do it yourself how to install a hot water dispenser learn how to install a hot water dispenser in your kitchen with these simple step by step instructions. read this article do it yourself how to remove a built in microwave learn how to remove a built in microwave from your kitchen with this video and simple step by step instructions read this article do it yourself how to install a kitchen sink learn how to install your kitchen sink with these simple step by step instructions and an extra set of hands. read this article do it yourself how to install a kitchen faucet learn how to install your kitchen faucet without the help of a plumber with these simple step by step instructions. read this article do it yourself how to install a range hood learn how to install a range hood with these simple step by step instructions. read this article do it yourself how to install a garbage disposal learn how to install a garbage disposal with these simple step by step instructions. read this article do it yourself how to fix a leaky faucet learn how to how to fix a leaky faucet without calling a plumber with these simple step by step instructions. read this article do it yourself how to drill into a kitchen sink learn how to drill a hole into a kitchen sink with these simple step by step instructions. read this article back to top recently viewed items compare kraus kgw-1700-pu-10-cl waterfall single hole vessel bathroom fa... compare amerock tmp-multi hardware alignment template for cabinet ... compare kraus khu100-32-kpf1612-ksd30 32" undermount single bowl 16 gauge stai... compare kraus kbu12 23-1/2" undermount single bowl 16 gauge ... compare kingston brass kb96 magellan widespread bathroom faucet with... compare kingston brass gkb96.ll legacy widespread bathroom faucet with p... compare grohe 20 121 arden widespread bathroom faucet with si... compare order samples customer service help center contact us returns shipping policy account my account login/register pro accounts my cart resources affiliate programs special pricing coupons nonstock items security & privacy terms of use company info about us careers site map stay connected - don't miss out on exclusive email offers! sign me up © 2000-2014 build.com, inc. all rights reserved. your customer code: 82-24fyw1c please enable javascript in your browser to experience all the custom features of our site, including the ability to make a purchase. what can we help you with? let one of our experts help guide you through your project with expert advice ranging from inspiration to installation. ray c. view expert profiles what can we help you with? let one of our experts help guide you through your project with expert advice ranging from inspiration to installation. helen s. view expert profiles what can we help you with? let one of our experts help guide you through your project with expert advice ranging from inspiration to installation. alberto h. view expert profiles what can we help you with? let one of our experts help guide you through your project with expert advice ranging from inspiration to installation. andrew c. view expert profiles what can we help you with? let one of our experts help guide you through your project with expert advice ranging from inspiration to installation. james b. view expert profiles what can we help you with? let one of our experts help guide you through your project with expert advice ranging from inspiration to installation. chris l. view expert profiles what can we help you with? let one of our experts help guide you through your project with expert advice ranging from inspiration to installation. joel t. view expert profiles what can we help you with? let one of our experts help guide you through your project with expert advice ranging from inspiration to installation. frankie r. view expert profiles what can we help you with? let one of our experts help guide you through your project with expert advice ranging from inspiration to installation. liana c. view expert profiles what can we help you with? let one of our experts help guide you through your project with expert advice ranging from inspiration to installation. brent n. view expert profiles