来源URL: https://web.archive.org/web/20141231194925/http://www.build.com/learning-center/outdoor
================================================================================

outdoor learning center | build.com: diy, how to, ideas & more free ground shipping on orders over $49* click for details my account order status rewards program help (800) 375-3403 0cart is empty bathroom bathroom faucets bathroom sinks shower faucets bathroom hardware and accessories toilets bathtubs showers bathroom lighting tub faucets exhaust fans bathroom vanities bathroom learning center view expert profiles kitchen kitchen faucets kitchen sinks garbage disposals kitchen appliances cabinet hardware bar faucets bar and prep sinks cabinet storage & organization pot filler faucets kitchen accessories kitchen lighting kitchen learning center view expert profiles lighting bathroom lighting chandeliers pendant lighting ceiling lights wall sconces outdoor wall sconces outdoor lighting recessed lighting island lighting under cabinet lights lamps lighting learning center view expert profiles fans indoor ceiling fans outdoor ceiling fans all ceiling fans ceiling fan accessories bath fans air circulators in-line fans utility fans attic fans whole house fans view expert profiles hardware door levers door knobs deadbolts door entry sets cabinet hardware keyless entry closet and pocket door hardware door accessories door hinges lock combo packs commercial door hardware mortise locks view expert profiles appliances laundry refrigeration appliance packages dishwashers cooking range hoods cooktops ranges wall ovens microwave small appliances view expert profiles heating & cooling stove and chimney pipe stoves and fireplaces heaters all ceiling fans air conditioners air circulators water heaters thermostats air filters register vents fireplace accessories ducting view expert profiles tools power tools hand tools cordless tools air tools tool accessories batteries and chargers safety equipment cabinets & shelving plumbing tools wood working tools metal working tools automotive tools view expert profiles outdoor outdoor lighting generators lawn and garden pressure washers power equipment barbecue grills water pumps firepits patio heaters outdoor fireplaces lawn mowers outdoor learning center view expert profiles flooring wood flooring laminate flooring tile vinyl flooring bamboo flooring cork flooring flooring accessories view expert profiles savings bathroom clearance kitchen & bar clearance lighting & fans clearance hardware clearance best buys under $100 special deal of the week build smart kits free shipping on all kohler kichler clearance save 5% on kraus coupon center best buys under $100 view expert profiles / learning center > outdoor bathroom resources kitchen resources outdoor resources lighting resources how to's and installation guides outdoor center from inspiration to installation buying guide how to choose a ceiling fan learn how to find the right ceiling fan for your home. read this article buying guide how to choose outdoor lighting learn how to choose the right outdoor light for your home. read this article buying guide how to choose front door hardware learn how to choose the right front door hardware for your home. read this article buying guide how to choose a tankless water heater learn how to find the right tankless water heater for your home and save water and energy. read this article buying guide how to choose landscape lighting learn how to choose landscape lighting for your home to add to the design at night and keep your home safer. read this article inspiration how to build an outdoor kitchen learn how to build an outdoor kitchen so you can better your summer outdoor experience. read this article installation how to install string lights learn how to install string lights in your backyard this summer. read this article installation how to install an outdoor wall sconce learn how to install a outdoor wall light with these simple step by step instructions. read this article installation how to install a ceiling fan learn how to install a ceiling fan on your porch to keep you cooler this summer. read this article buying guide how to choose a wall sconce learn how to find the right wall sconce for your home's exterior. read this article installation how to install a wall sconce learn how to install a wall sconce for your front or back porch or on either side of your garage door. read this article inspiration making a great first impression: curb appeal make the best impression on guests and neighbors with these simple tips for improving the curb appeal of your home. read this article buying guide how to choose a lawn mower learn how to find the right lawn mower for your landscape and the amount grass or brush you need to maintain. read this article best-selling best lawn mowers learn which lawn mower is rated the best for your landscape and terrain. read this article quick fix how to adjust your sprinkler learn how to adjust your sprinklers to eliminate water waste and keep you plants and lawn healthy. read this article inspiration water garden ideas six tips for creating an outdoor oasis in your own backyard. read this article buying guide how to choose a spray gun choose the right spray gun for your paint spraying needs. read this article buying guide how to choose a power saw choose the right power saw for your next home improvement or diy project. read this article buying guide how to choose a router choose the right router for your next wood finishing project. read this article fast project how to make a shovel a measuring stick this fast project will make your shovel a handy measuring instrument too. read this article buying guide how to choose a snow blower choose the right snow blower for the amount of snow you get each year. read this article buying guide how to choose a generator choose the right generator for your power back up needs from whole house to portable options. read this article buying guide residential hardware terminology all the words you need to know to help you choose the best hardware for your home. read this article quick fix [infographic] water saving tips use these tips to save water and keep your water bills lower. read this article fast project how to make a ground anchor learn how to make a ground anchor in your yard. read this article quick fix how to clean concrete learn how to clean your concrete with a shop broom. read this article fast project how to improve plant drainage learn how to keep your plants healthy and the water properly drained with this affordable trick. read this article fast project [infographic] choosing a contractor top 10 tips when choosing the right contractor for your next remodel project. read this article fast project how to roll up an extension cord this fast project will keep your extension cords untangled and more manageable. read this article quick fix how to fix a sprinkler head this quick fix will help you switch out a broken sprinkler head the next time you need to do so. read this article installation how to install an attic fan learn how to install an attic fan to keep your attic at a more manageable temperature this summer. read this article fast project how to butterfly and grill a chicken learn how to properly butterfly and grill a whole chicken for your next bbq. read this article fast project how to make a shovel a measuring stick this fast project will make your shovel a handy measuring instrument too. read this article fast project how to grill asparagus learn how to perfectly grill the best asparagus for your next summer bbq. read this article fast project when to water your lawn find out the best time to water your lawn so you can maintain beautifully green grass. read this article quick fix how to protect your trees when doing yard work learn how to protect your trees from your weed eater with this simple video. read this article quick fix how to eliminate noisy rain gutters learn how to eliminate the noise from your rain gutters in under 30 seconds. read this article fast project how to water your plants when away learn how to water your plants when you are gone without a sprinkler system. read this article quick fix how to clean wood fence learn how to clean up your wood fence so that it looks new after the winter season. read this article quick fix how to seal wood fence learn how to seal a wood fence after you clean it up in under 30 seconds. read this article quick fix how to clean window screens learn how to properly clean your window screens in less than 30 seconds. read this article fast project flower pot drainage learn how to keep your flower pots properly drained with out leaking. read this article fast project how to add storage to your wheelbarrow learn how to add some added storage to your wheelbarrow to save you trips on your next garden project. read this article quick fix how to change air conditioning filter learn how to change out your air conditioning filters to keep your air clean and healthy. read this article fast project how to make a tiki torch learn how to make a tiki torch for your outdoor patio this summer. read this article fast project how to water your plants when away learn how to make a way to for your plants to water themselves while you are away. read this article installation how to install an outdoor wall sconce learn how to install a outdoor wall light with these simple step by step instructions. read this article installation how to install string lights learn how to install string lights in your backyard this summer. read this article fast project how to grill a tri tip learn how to grill the best tri tip for your bbq this summer. read this article quick fix how to remove hard water stains learn how to remove hard water stains from your shower doors. read this article quick fix how to clean a grill learn how to clean your bbq to keep other food flavors off your next meal in under 30 seconds. read this article quick fix how to remove oil stains from concrete learn how to clean up oil stains from your driveway in under 30 seconds. read this article fast project how to build a patio table learn how to build an outdoor picnic table for your backyard to enjoy many summer meals. read this article fast project how to make patio bench cushions learn how to make some complementary bench cushions for your picnic table to add a touch of design. read this article fast project how to plant a summer garden learn how to plant the perfect summer garden so that you can enjoy home grown food all summer long. read this article compare order samples customer service help center contact us returns shipping policy account my account order status rewards program my cart resources learning center affiliate programs special pricing coupons nonstock items security & privacy terms of use company info about us careers site map our catalog view catalog more catalogs stay connected - don't miss out on exclusive email offers! sign me up © 2000-2014 build.com, inc. all rights reserved. please enable javascript in your browser to experience all the custom features of our site, including the ability to make a purchase. × shipping rates & methods the cost to ship items varies by item, shipment and shipping option. free ground shipping on orders over $49 * standard ground shipping transit time is 5-7 business days. free freight shipping on orders over $1500 * curb side delivery (also called freight or "ltl" shipping) is reserved for large, heavy, or oversized items like chandeliers, bathtubs, shower doors, etc. items are palletized and loaded onto a large truck for shipment, and delivered to your curb by scheduled appointment. transit time is 7-10 business days. * for exact shipping costs, add the product(s) to your cart and enter your zip code. all offers pertain to the lower 48 states and do not include deliveries to alaska, hawaii or canada. learn more about shipping rates and policies