来源URL: https://web.archive.org/web/20151231175041/http://www.build.com/learning-center/buying-guides?intcmp=pub_lp_header_buyingguides
================================================================================

buying guides | build.com: bathroom, kitchen & more buyers' guides are you a pro? my account account overview update account login order status rewards program diy articles bathroom kitchen lighting outdoor buying guides installation guides view all help (800) 375-3403 available now mon-fri 5:00am - 7:00pm pst sat & sun 6:00am - 4:00pm pst live chat chat now 0 cart bathroom bathroom faucets bathroom sinks shower faucets bathroom hardware and accessories toilets bathtubs more bathroom showers bathroom lighting tub faucets bath fans bathroom vanities bathroom learning center shop all bathroom what can we help you with? let one of our experts help guide you through your project with expert advice ranging from inspiration to installation. tavis c view expert profiles kitchen kitchen faucets kitchen sinks garbage disposals cabinet hardware bar faucets kitchen appliances more kitchen pot filler faucets bar and prep sinks kitchen lighting cabinet storage & organization kitchen sink combos kitchen accessories shop all kitchen what can we help you with? let one of our experts help guide you through your project with expert advice ranging from inspiration to installation. codee f view expert profiles lighting bathroom lighting chandeliers pendant lighting ceiling lights wall sconces outdoor wall sconces more lighting outdoor lighting recessed lighting island lighting under cabinet lights lamps lighting learning center shop all lighting what can we help you with? let one of our experts help guide you through your project with expert advice ranging from inspiration to installation. lisa m view expert profiles fans indoor ceiling fans outdoor ceiling fans all ceiling fans ceiling fan accessories bath fans air circulators more fans in-line fans attic fans fans shop all fans what can we help you with? let one of our experts help guide you through your project with expert advice ranging from inspiration to installation. tj c view expert profiles hardware door levers door knobs deadbolts door entry sets cabinet hardware keyless entry more hardware closet and pocket door hardware door accessories door hinges lock combo packs commercial door hardware mortise locks shop all hardware what can we help you with? let one of our experts help guide you through your project with expert advice ranging from inspiration to installation. frankie r view expert profiles decor rugs decorative mirrors wall decor home accents clocks decorative pillows more decor accent furniture kitchen decor home organization wallpaper and wallcoverings garden decor shop all decor what can we help you with? let one of our experts help guide you through your project with expert advice ranging from inspiration to installation. angie h view expert profiles appliances laundry refrigeration appliance packages dishwashers cooking range hoods more appliances cooktops ranges wall ovens microwaves small appliances shop all appliances what can we help you with? let one of our experts help guide you through your project with expert advice ranging from inspiration to installation. tj c view expert profiles heating & air heaters stove and chimney pipe stoves and fireplaces thermostats water heaters air conditioners more heating & air air circulators all ceiling fans register vents fireplace accessories ducting air filters shop all heating & air what can we help you with? let one of our experts help guide you through your project with expert advice ranging from inspiration to installation. tavis c view expert profiles flooring wood flooring laminate flooring tile bamboo flooring cork flooring daltile more flooring flooring accessories shop all flooring what can we help you with? let one of our experts help guide you through your project with expert advice ranging from inspiration to installation. aimee f view expert profiles smart home hubs & controllers security solutions energy efficiency solutions smart locks lighting solutions works with nest more smart home new products deals & savings cameras heating and cooling irrigation smoke detectors shop all smart home what can we help you with? let one of our experts help guide you through your project with expert advice ranging from inspiration to installation. lisa m view expert profiles outdoor patio furniture outdoor rugs and pillows outdoor ceiling fans outdoor decor outdoor lighting outdoor kitchens more outdoor firepits security and flood lights landscape lighting outdoor bar barbecue grills outdoor cooking storage shop all outdoor what can we help you with? let one of our experts help guide you through your project with expert advice ranging from inspiration to installation. todd b view expert profiles savings bathroom clearance kitchen & bar clearance lighting & fans clearance hardware clearance special deal of the week best buys under $100 more savings coupon center build smart kits kraus exclusive liquidation sale shop all savings what can we help you with? let one of our experts help guide you through your project with expert advice ranging from inspiration to installation. andrew c view expert profiles save more with build.com/coupons free ground shipping on orders over $49 learning center > buying guides buying guides from inspiration to installation bathroom resources kitchen resources outdoor resources lighting resources buying guides install guides bathroom buying guides how to choose a bathroom faucet step by step guide to choosing the best faucet for your bathroom read this article how to choose a bathroom sink step by step guide to choosing the best sink for your bathroom. read this article how to choose a bath fan step by step guide to choosing the best bath fan for your bathroom. read this article how to choose a toilet step by step guide to choosing the best toilet for your bathroom. read this article bathroom vanity sizing tips learn how to determine the right measurements so your vanity will fit. read this article how to build a custom shower here are some important factors to consider when designing your custom shower. read this article how to choose a bathtub step by step guide to choosing the best bathtub for your bathroom. read this article how to choose bathroom lighting learn how to choose the right bathroom lights based on your needs and spacing. read this article how to choose cabinet door hardware learn how to determine the right cabinet pull or knob for your needs and design preference. read this article more bathroom articles here kitchen buying guides how to choose a kitchen faucet follow our guide to help you choose the best kitchen faucet. read this article how to choose a kitchen sink use this guide to determine the right kitchen sink for you. read this article how to choose a garbage disposal follow our guide understand important considerations when choosing the right garbage disposal. read this article how to choose a range hood use this guide to determine the right range hood for you. read this article how to choose recessed lighting learn how to choose the right recessed lighting for your home. read this article how to choose under cabinet lighting learn how to find the right under cabinet light for your home. read this article how to choose a tankless water heater learn how to find the right tankless water heater for your home and save water and energy. read this article how to choose pendant lighting learn how to choose the right pendants for your kitchen. read this article how to choose a chandelier learn how to choose the right chandelier for your kitchen. read this article how to choose a dishwasher learn how to choose the right dishwasher for your kitchen and to fit your needs. read this article how to choose a range follow our guide to help you choose the best range for your kitchen. read this article how to choose a refrigerator use this guide to determine the right refrigerator for you. read this article how to choose a cooktop learn how to choose the right cooktop for your kitchen. read this article how to choose a wall oven learn how to choose the right wall oven to fit your kitchen and match your other appliances read this article how to choose cabinet door hardware learn how to determine the right cabinet pull or knob for your needs and design preference. read this article induction- what you need to know learn about induction technology and why it may or may not be right for you. read this article more kitchen articles here outdoor buying guides how to choose a ceiling fan learn how to find the right ceiling fan for your home. read this article how to choose outdoor lighting learn how to choose the right outdoor light for your home. read this article how to choose front door hardware learn how to choose the right front door hardware for your home. read this article how to choose a tankless water heater learn how to find the right tankless water heater for your home and save water and energy. read this article how to choose landscape lighting learn how to choose landscape lighting for your home to add to the design at night and keep your home safer. read this article how to choose a wall sconce learn how to find the right wall sconce for your home's exterior. read this article how to choose a lawn mower learn how to find the right lawn mower for your landscape and the amount grass or brush you need to maintain. read this article how to choose a spray gun choose the right spray gun for your paint spraying needs. read this article how to choose a power saw choose the right power saw for your next home improvement or diy project. read this article how to choose a router choose the right router for your next wood finishing project. read this article how to choose a generator choose the right generator for your power back up needs from whole house to portable options. read this article residential hardware terminology all the words you need to know to help you choose the best hardware for your home. read this article how to choose a snow blower choose the right snow blower for the amount of snow you get each year. read this article more outdoor articles here lighting buying guides how to choose a chandelier learn how to choose the right chandelier for your home based on your favorite style and room size. read this article how to choose a ceiling fan learn how to find the right ceiling fan for your home. read this article how to choose a bath fan step by step guide to choosing the best exhaust fan for your bathroom or laundry room. read this article how to choose a outdoor lighting learn how to choose the right outdoor light for your home. read this article how to choose under cabinet lighting learn how to find the right under cabinet light for your home. read this article how to choose recessed lighting learn how to choose the right recessed lighting for your home. read this article how to choose a wall sconce learn how to find the right wall sconce for your inside and out. read this article lighting design guide learn how to choose the right light fixture for your home based upon your style, your space and your needs. read this article how to choose a lamp learn how to choose the perfect lamp for your room to change out the look and feel without having to permanently install the light. read this article how to choose a bathroom light learn how to choose the right bathroom lights based on your needs and spacing. read this article more lighting articles here compare order samples recently viewed items compare kwikset 925 kevo db kevo single cylinder bluetooth deadbolt sign up to get the best deals! subscribe connect with build.com customer service help center contact us returns shipping policy account my account order status rewards program are you a pro? my cart resources learning center affiliate programs special pricing coupons nonstock items security & privacy terms of use company info about us careers site map our catalog more catalogs sign up to receive our catalog begin your home improvement journey today with seasonal tips, diy projects, best looks for every budget and the latest design trends sent right to your door. get the catalog phone: (800) 375-3403, email: cs@build.com 402 otterson dr. ste 100, chico, ca 95928 © 2000-2015 build.com, inc. all rights reserved. please enable javascript in your browser to experience all the custom features of our site, including the ability to make a purchase. × shipping rates & methods the cost to ship items varies by item, shipment and shipping option. free ground shipping on orders over $49 * standard ground shipping transit time is 5-7 business days. free freight shipping on orders over $1500 * curb side delivery (also called freight or "ltl" shipping) is reserved for large, heavy, or oversized items like chandeliers, bathtubs, shower doors, etc. items are palletized and loaded onto a large truck for shipment, and delivered to your curb by scheduled appointment. transit time is 7-10 business days. * for exact shipping costs, add the product(s) to your cart and enter your zip code. all offers pertain to the lower 48 states and do not include deliveries to alaska, hawaii or canada. learn more about shipping rates and policies × close