来源URL: https://web.archive.org/web/20151231175041/http://www.build.com/learning-center/kitchen
================================================================================

kitchen learning center | build.com: diy, how to, ideas & more are you a pro? my account account overview update account login order status rewards program diy articles bathroom kitchen lighting outdoor buying guides installation guides view all help (800) 375-3403 call center hours mon-fri 5:00am - 7:00pm pst sat & sun 6:00am - 4:00pm pst live chat chat hours 7 days a week 5:00am - 8:00pm pst 0 cart bathroom kitchen lighting fans hardware decor appliances heating & air flooring smart home outdoor savings bathroom bathroom faucets bathroom sinks shower faucets bathroom hardware and accessories toilets bathtubs more bathroom showers bathroom lighting tub faucets bath fans bathroom vanities bathroom learning center shop all bathroom what can we help you with? let one of our experts help guide you through your project with expert advice ranging from inspiration to installation. view expert profiles rick f kitchen kitchen faucets kitchen sinks garbage disposals cabinet hardware bar faucets kitchen appliances more kitchen pot filler faucets bar and prep sinks kitchen lighting cabinet storage & organization kitchen sink combos kitchen accessories shop all kitchen what can we help you with? let one of our experts help guide you through your project with expert advice ranging from inspiration to installation. view expert profiles jason e lighting bathroom lighting chandeliers pendant lighting ceiling lights wall sconces outdoor lighting more lighting outdoor wall sconces recessed lighting island lighting under cabinet lights lamps led lighting shop all lighting what can we help you with? let one of our experts help guide you through your project with expert advice ranging from inspiration to installation. view expert profiles dani k fans indoor ceiling fans outdoor ceiling fans all ceiling fans ceiling fan accessories bath fans air circulators more fans in-line fans attic fans fans shop all fans what can we help you with? let one of our experts help guide you through your project with expert advice ranging from inspiration to installation. view expert profiles frankie r hardware door levers door knobs deadbolts door entry sets cabinet hardware keyless entry more hardware closet and pocket door hardware door accessories door hinges lock combo packs commercial door hardware mortise locks shop all hardware what can we help you with? let one of our experts help guide you through your project with expert advice ranging from inspiration to installation. view expert profiles robert m decor rugs decorative mirrors wall decor home accents clocks decorative pillows more decor wallpaper and wallcoverings kitchen and dining room throw blankets accent furniture garden decor home organization shop all decor what can we help you with? let one of our experts help guide you through your project with expert advice ranging from inspiration to installation. view expert profiles helen s appliances laundry refrigeration appliance packages dishwashers cooking range hoods more appliances cooktops ranges wall ovens microwaves small appliances shop all appliances what can we help you with? let one of our experts help guide you through your project with expert advice ranging from inspiration to installation. view expert profiles elizabeth r heating & air heaters stove and chimney pipe stoves and fireplaces thermostats tankless water heaters air conditioners more heating & air air circulators all ceiling fans register vents fireplace accessories ducting air filters shop all heating & air what can we help you with? let one of our experts help guide you through your project with expert advice ranging from inspiration to installation. view expert profiles andrew c flooring wood flooring laminate flooring tile bamboo flooring cork flooring daltile more flooring flooring accessories shop all flooring what can we help you with? let one of our experts help guide you through your project with expert advice ranging from inspiration to installation. view expert profiles jason e smart home hubs & controllers security solutions energy efficiency solutions smart locks lighting solutions works with nest more smart home new products deals & savings cameras heating and cooling irrigation smoke detectors shop all smart home what can we help you with? let one of our experts help guide you through your project with expert advice ranging from inspiration to installation. view expert profiles james b outdoor patio furniture outdoor rugs and pillows outdoor ceiling fans outdoor decor outdoor lighting outdoor kitchens more outdoor firepits security and flood lights landscape lighting outdoor bar barbecue grills outdoor cooking storage shop all outdoor what can we help you with? let one of our experts help guide you through your project with expert advice ranging from inspiration to installation. view expert profiles jason e savings bathroom clearance kitchen & bar clearance lighting & fans clearance hardware clearance home decor clearance best buys under $100 more savings coupon center special deal of the week build smart kits kraus exclusive liquidation sale shop all savings what can we help you with? let one of our experts help guide you through your project with expert advice ranging from inspiration to installation. view expert profiles rick f save more with build.com/coupons free ground shipping on orders over $49 learning center > kitchen kitchen guides from inspiration to installation project resources home diy's bathroom guides kitchen guides outdoor guides lighting guides find a contractor community favorites buying guide how to choose a kitchen faucet follow our guide to help you choose the best kitchen faucet. read this article installation how to install a kitchen faucet learn how to install your kitchen faucet without the help of a plumber with these simple step by step instructions. read this article buying guide how to choose a kitchen sink use this guide to determine the right kitchen sink for you. read this article installation how to install a kitchen sink learn how to install your kitchen sink with these simple step by step instructions and an extra set of hands. read this article buying guide how to choose a garbage disposal follow our guide understand important considerations when choosing the right garbage disposal. read this article installation how to install a garbage disposal learn how to install a garbage disposal with these simple step by step instructions. read this article buying guide how to choose a range hood use this guide to determine the right range hood for you. read this article installation how to install a range hood learn how to install a range hood with these simple step by step instructions. read this article buying guide how to choose recessed lighting learn how to choose the right recessed lighting for your home. read this article buying guide how to choose under cabinet lighting learn how to find the right under cabinet light for your home. read this article buying guide how to choose a tankless water heater learn how to find the right tankless water heater for your home and save water and energy. read this article plan your remodel how to measure flooring learn how to measure flooring so you can order the correct amount. read this article buying guide how to choose pendant lighting learn how to choose the right pendants for your kitchen. read this article inspiration kitchen lighting design ideas make the most of your kitchen lighting with these simple tips. read this article buying guide how to choose a chandelier learn how to choose the right chandelier for your kitchen. read this article installation how to install a chandelier learn how to install a chandelier in your kitchen on your own. read this article inspiration modern small kitchen ideas get inspired with these modern products that fit perfectly in a small kitchen. read this article before & after before & after: kitchen remodel on a budget gary upgrades his kitchen for a new modern look on a budget. read this article fast project how to make a spice rack make a spice rack to save your cabinet and counter space using this guide. read this article plan your remodel kitchen remodel budget tips check out these 10 tips that will help you stay on budget for your kitchen remodel. read this article buying guide how to choose a cooktop learn how to choose the right cooktop for your kitchen. read this article buying guide how to choose a wall oven learn how to choose the right wall oven to fit your kitchen and match your other appliances read this article buying guide how to choose a range follow our guide to help you choose the best range for your kitchen. read this article buying guide how to choose a refrigerator use this guide to determine the right refrigerator for you. read this article inspiration pantry organization ideas check out these organization tips to keep your pantry clean. read this article inspiration kitchen cabinet organization ideas learn how to keep your kitchen cabinets decluttered. read this article inspiration corner cabinet organization ideas check out three awesome corner cabinet organizers and tips. read this article inspiration kitchen drawer organization ideas find out how to keep your drawers clean and organized. read this article buying guide how to choose a dishwasher learn how to choose the right dishwasher for your kitchen and to fit your needs. read this article before & after before & after: milan's kitchen counter upgrade milan upgrades kitchen counters to add contrast and update his kitchen's look and feel. read this article fast project how to remove a microwave learn how to remove a built in microwave from your kitchen with this video and simple step by step instructions read this article installation how to install a hot water faucet learn how to install a hot water dispenser in your kitchen with these simple step by step instructions. read this article quick fix how to fix a leaky faucet learn how to how to fix a leaky faucet without calling a plumber with these simple step by step instructions. read this article fast project how to drill into a kitchen sink learn how to drill a hole into a kitchen sink with these simple step by step instructions. read this article inspiration kitchen design ideas great tips for making your kitchen both functional and beautiful as you start planning your remodel. read this article plan your remodel [infographic] choosing a contractor top 10 tips when choosing the right contractor for your next remodel project. read this article inspiration cabinet micro-remodel find ways to upgrade your kitchen cabinets and save with these micro-remodel ideas. read this article quick fix [infographic] water saving tips use these tips to save water and keep your water bills lower. read this article fast project how to make a wine glass rack learn how to make a wine glass rack to optimize space. read this article plan your remodel ways to conserve water start saving water in your bathroom, kitchen and laundry today with these ideas, tips and products. read this article compare order samples recently viewed items compare kwikset 660-s single cylinder deadbolt with smartkey compare kwikset 405bl-s balboa reversible keyed entry door lever... sign up to get the best deals! subscribe connect with build.com customer service help center contact us returns shipping policy account my account order status rewards program are you a pro? my cart resources learning center affiliate programs special pricing coupons nonstock items security & privacy terms of use company info about us careers site map our catalog more catalogs sign up to receive our catalog begin your home improvement journey today with seasonal tips, diy projects, best looks for every budget and the latest design trends sent right to your door. get the catalog phone: (800) 375-3403, email: cs@build.com 402 otterson dr. ste 100, chico, ca 95928 © 2000-2016 build.com, inc. all rights reserved. please enable javascript in your browser to experience all the custom features of our site, including the ability to make a purchase. × shipping rates & methods the cost to ship items varies by item, shipment and shipping option. free ground shipping on orders over $49 * standard ground shipping transit time is 5-7 business days. free freight shipping on orders over $1500 * curb side delivery (also called freight or "ltl" shipping) is reserved for large, heavy, or oversized items like chandeliers, bathtubs, shower doors, etc. items are palletized and loaded onto a large truck for shipment, and delivered to your curb by scheduled appointment. transit time is 7-10 business days. * for exact shipping costs, add the product(s) to your cart and enter your zip code. all offers pertain to the lower 48 states and do not include deliveries to alaska, hawaii or canada. learn more about shipping rates and policies × close