来源URL: https://web.archive.org/web/20161231140323/https://www.build.com/support/returns
================================================================================

return policy | build.comare you a pro?my accountaccount overviewupdate accountloginprojectsorder statusrewards programdiy articlesbathroomkitchenlightingoutdoorbuying guidesinstallation guidesview allhelpexperts available nowmon - fri5:00am - 7:00pm pstsat & sun6:00am - 4:00pm pst (800) 375-3403 live chat0cartbathroomkitchenlightingfanshardwaredecorappliancesheating & airflooringoutdoorsavingsdesigner homesmart homeshop by brandcommercial productspaintshop all departmentsbathroombathroom faucetsbathroom sinksshower faucetsbathroom hardware and accessoriestoiletsbathtubsmore bathroomshowersbathroom lightingtub faucetsbath fansbathroom vanitiesbathroom learning centershop all bathroomwhat can we help you with?let one of our experts help guide you through your project with expert advice ranging from inspiration to installation.view expert profilesfrankie rfeatured vendorslogologologokitchenkitchen faucetskitchen sinksgarbage disposalscabinet hardwarebar faucetskitchen appliancesmore kitchenpot filler faucetsbar and prep sinkskitchen lightingcabinet storage & organizationkitchen sink comboskitchen accessoriesshop all kitchenwhat can we help you with?let one of our experts help guide you through your project with expert advice ranging from inspiration to installation.view expert profilesnicki tfeatured vendorslogologologolightingbathroom lightingchandelierspendant lightingceiling lightswall sconcesoutdoor lightingmore lightingoutdoor wall sconcesdesigner lightinglandscape lightingrecessed lightingled lightinglampsshop all lightingwhat can we help you with?let one of our experts help guide you through your project with expert advice ranging from inspiration to installation.view expert profilesmallory nfeatured vendorslogologologofansindoor ceiling fansoutdoor ceiling fansall ceiling fansceiling fan accessoriesbath fansair circulatorsmore fansin-line fansattic fansfansshop all fanswhat can we help you with?let one of our experts help guide you through your project with expert advice ranging from inspiration to installation.view expert profilesalissa nfeatured vendorslogologologohardwaredoor leversdoor knobsdeadboltsdoor entry setscabinet hardwarekeyless entrymore hardwarecloset and pocket door hardwaredoor accessoriesdoor hingeslock combo packscommercial door hardwaremortise locksshop all hardwarewhat can we help you with?let one of our experts help guide you through your project with expert advice ranging from inspiration to installation.view expert profilesfrankie rfeatured vendorslogologologodecormirrorspaintoutdoor and patio furniturewall decorhome accentsdecorative pillowsmore decorwallpaper and wallcoveringsthrow blanketsgarden decorkitchen and dining roomfurniturehome organizationshop all decorwhat can we help you with?let one of our experts help guide you through your project with expert advice ranging from inspiration to installation.view expert profilesnicki tfeatured vendorslogologologoappliancesrefrigerationcookinglaundrydishwashersrange hoodsappliance packagesmore appliancescooktopswall ovensrangesmicrowaveskegeratorsshop by brandshop all applianceswhat can we help you with?let one of our experts help guide you through your project with expert advice ranging from inspiration to installation.view expert profileskendal efeatured vendorslogologologoheating & airair conditionersthermostatsair circulatorswater heatersstoves and fireplacesstove and chimney pipemore heating & airheatersall ceiling fansregister ventsfireplace accessoriesductingair filtersshop all heating & airwhat can we help you with?let one of our experts help guide you through your project with expert advice ranging from inspiration to installation.view expert profileskendal efeatured vendorslogologologoflooringdaltiletilewood flooringlaminate flooringcork flooringluxury vinyl flooringmore flooringflooring accessoriestile that looks like woodbacksplash tileflooring installation / maintenanceflooring savingssubway tileshop all flooringwhat can we help you with?let one of our experts help guide you through your project with expert advice ranging from inspiration to installation.view expert profilesnicki tfeatured vendorslogologologooutdoorpatio furnitureoutdoor rugs and pillowsoutdoor ceiling fansbarbecue grillsoutdoor lightingoutdoor kitchensmore outdoorfire pitssecurity and flood lightslandscape lightingoutdoor baroutdoor decortoolsshop all outdoorwhat can we help you with?let one of our experts help guide you through your project with expert advice ranging from inspiration to installation.view expert profilesmallory nfeatured vendorslogologologosavingsbathroom clearancekitchen & bar clearancelighting & fans clearancehardware clearancehome decor clearancebest buys under $100more savingsbuild.com/dealsspecial deal of the weekshop all savingswhat can we help you with?let one of our experts help guide you through your project with expert advice ranging from inspiration to installation.view expert profilesalissa nfeatured vendorslogologologodesigner homedesigner bathroomdesigner kitchendesigner lightingdesigner ceiling fansdesigner door hardwaredesigner cabinet hardwaremore designer homeshop all designer homewhat can we help you with?let one of our experts help guide you through your project with expert advice ranging from inspiration to installation.view expert profilesdomenick tfeatured vendorslogologologosmart homehubs & controllerssmart lockssmart thermostatssmart lightingdeals & savingsbundles & kitsmore smart homesmart alarms & smoke detectorssmart garage doorsmart irrigationsmart cameras & motion sensorssmart home securityshop all smart homewhat can we help you with?let one of our experts help guide you through your project with expert advice ranging from inspiration to installation.view expert profilesmallory nfeatured vendorslogologologoshop by brandkohlerdeltaschlageprogress lightingmoenhansgrohemore shop by brandpark harborgrohekichleramerican standardbrizomisenoshop all shop by brandwhat can we help you with?let one of our experts help guide you through your project with expert advice ranging from inspiration to installation.view expert profilesterry bfeatured vendorslogologologocommercial productscommercial sink faucetscommercial sinkscommercial toiletscommercial lockscommercial door closerscommercial ceiling lightsmore commercial productscommercial wall lightsshop all commercial productswhat can we help you with?let one of our experts help guide you through your project with expert advice ranging from inspiration to installation.view expert profilesnicki tfeatured vendorslogologologopaintshop all paintpeel & stick sampleshow to choose the perfect colorhow much interior paint you should buyhow to choose the right indoor paint sheenprimers and coatingsmore paintpaint sundriesshop all paintwhat can we help you with?let one of our experts help guide you through your project with expert advice ranging from inspiration to installation.view expert profilesmallory nfeatured vendorslogologologosave more with build.com/dealsfree standard ground shipping on orders over $49contact us(800) 375-3403m-f: 5am-7pm pstsat & sun: 6am-4pm pst live chat email ussupport teamfaq meet our experts special pricingour policiessecurity & privacy terms of use rewards terms of useabout usabout us our promise careers press releases / media mentions affiliate program become a vendorto make a return, follow our simple process:set up a return online 24/7 from your “my account” page.prepare your package for shipping. make sure items are well packed.print your label and return authorization then attach them to your package.take your package to any ups drop-off location.return policyeffective june 1, 2016 general or defective returns are accepted for items purchased from build.com or a build.com network affiliate. we accept general returns up to 60 days after receipt and defective returns up to 90 days. there's no minimum value on returns. store credit may apply.  restocking fees are not charged in most cases. exceptions may include general returns for flooring and tile products, and any orders that receive customer negotiated discounts. clearance/liquidation/closeout items and all appliances may only be returned if found to be defective or damaged upon delivery.  qualifications for a general return:return requested within 60 days of delivery must be in resalable conditionmust be free from scratches and/or defectsmust not have been installedmust be in the original manufacturer’s box and packagingmay not have any writing on the original packagingmay not be missing piecesmust not be a clearance/liquidation/closeout item  qualifications for a defective return: return must be requested within 90 days of delivery item has a defect that hinders its usability for the purpose for which it was designed and manufactured build.com is not responsible for any labor costs related to handling, installing, or uninstalling items purchased. items that have had gasoline in them are not returnable due to shipping restrictions of hazardous materials. items that are special ordered may not be returnable. if an item is defective or damaged, we will issue credit in full, provide replacement parts, or send you an exact replacement. if any part of this return policy is unclear, or if you have additional questions, please contact the appropriate customer service team below. returns from canadasetting up returns for our neighbors to the north is easily accomplished. just keep in mind the following additional considerations and requirements:shipping charges are not refundable unless the product being returned is defective or damaged.taxes and duties on canadian shipments are fully refundable, but subject to current exchange rates.the customer is responsible for including all necessary return documents with the return shipment. if documents are missing, then taxes or duties may be charged to generate new documents and re-import the item back to the united states. these fees will be charged at current exchange rates.returns for canadian customers may be subject to an additional 3-5 business days of processing time.order cancellation requestscancellation requests must be processed by a customer service team member. please contact the appropriate customer service team listed below. speaking with a team member allows us to review and process your request as fast as possible. an order can only be cancelled if it has not shipped. once the order is en route, it then becomes a return and must follow our return policy listed above.customer support teams(800) 375-3403 – all products(855) 484-3292 – appliance specialist team(855) 484-3293 – flooring and tile specialist teamemail customer servicefaqshow do i set up a return?what is an rga and how long will it take to receive it after i set up my return?what is a ppl and when will i receive it?what is a bol and when will i receive it?how do i send my return?what is a call tag and how does it work?my purchase was damaged in transit. how do i return it, request a replacement, and file a freight claim?my purchase was lost in transit, what do i do?i did not receive all of my products, or i received the wrong product. what do i do?when and why do i have to pay a restocking fee?i purchased flooring, how do i return it?i checked out using my standard (non-guest) account. how will my refund be issued?i checked out as a guest. how will my refund be issued?i received store credit. where can i use it, and how long is it good for?when should i expect my refund?how do i set up a return?setting up a return request online is quick and easy; just log in to your account to access our return request tool. return requests 61-90 days after delivery cannot be submitted online. please contact the appropriate customer service team listed above for assistance with submitting a return request. once you've submitted a return request, you'll receive an email with an approved return goods authorization (rga) number or a denial within 3-5 business days. reasons or additional instructions will be provided with any denials. return shipments must use a carrier that offers tracking (like ups). please avoid non-traceable carriers (like us postal service). all items must be returned with the rga  number that we provide. the rga will be sent via email. items returned without an rga number may experience credit delays. by default, low-cost prepaid labels (ppls) or bills of lading (bol) are provided for all general returns set up by one of our customer service team members. the cost to ship the item back is deducted from your credit amount once the item has been received and inspected by our warehouse. you may opt out of receiving a ppl or bol by contacting the appropriate customer service teamlisted above. if you opt out, then you must provide us with valid tracking information to receive your credit and avoid processing delays. what is an rga and how long will it take to receive it after i set up my return?an rga is the return goods authorization number that we use to help track your return. this identifies the return and associates it with your order number. please allow 3-5 business days to process and issue an rga.what is a ppl and when will i receive it?a ppl is a prepaid label to return your item via ups. ppls are provided for all returns set up by one of our customer service team members. ppls for defective returns are provided at no cost. ppls for general returns are provided by default, but you may opt out. we encourage you to accept and use the low-cost ppl that we provide for general returns, but remember that the cost of shipping will be deducted from your credit. the ppl will be sent as an embedded url link in the body of your rga email. what is a bol and when will i receive it?a bol is a bill of lading to return your item via freight (semi-truck, ltl, etc.). this shipping method is used for bulky, heavy, or palletized products. the bol will be automatically issued and e-mailed at no charge for defective returns. bols will also be issued for general returns created by one of our customer service team members. we offer low-cost per-pallet flat-rate shipping for general freight returns. the flat-rate freight amount will be deducted from your credit for general returns. we encourage you to accept and use the low-cost bol that we provide. regardless of return type, the bol will be sent in a separate email, and will arrive after your rga email. the bol email will include instructions and carrier contact information for scheduling your freight pick up.  how do i send my return?repack all items very well and prepare them for shipment (we recommend using the packaging from the original shipment). follow the instructions provided with the rga number we sent via email. if you’re using a ppl that we provided, then print the ppl, attach it to the outside of the box, and drop your shipment off at any ups pickup facility. if you are not using a ppl that we provided, then please use a carrier that offers tracking (like ups) and remember to provide us with the carrier and tracking information. if your shipment will travel via freight (semi-truck, ltl, etc.), then repack all items very well, secure them to the original pallet(s), and prepare them for shipment (we recommend using the packaging from the original shipment). follow the instructions provided with the rga number we sent via email. print the bol that we provided via email. do not attach the bol to the shipment. use the instructions provided to contact the carrier and schedule your freight pick-up. what is a call tag and how does it work?a call tag is an additional convenience option for general returns, and is set up when a shipping carrier needs to pick up an item from your home or business, then deliver it back to our warehouse. call tags are for parcel shipments (ups) only. the cost of a call tag is $8.00 per package, plus the cost of shipping. the total cost of all call tags combined with all shipping charges will be deducted from your credit amount. a call tag takes 24 hours to process. once processed, the carrier will make up to 3 attempts to pick up the package(s) from your home or business.  my purchase was damaged in transit. how do i return it, request a replacement, and file a freight claim?if you notice damage while the carrier is on site, then do not take possession of the damaged product(s). instead, take pictures of the damage, gather copies of the paperwork from the carrier (if possible), and refuse delivery.  next, contact the appropriate customer service team listed above. if you notice damage after delivery (concealed damage), then take pictures of the damage, and contact the appropriate customer service team listed above. most carriers only allow 2 business days after delivery to file a freight claim, so please contact us as soon as possible. you may also log in to your account to access our return request tool. when setting up the return please select "it was damaged in shipping” as the return reason. in the description please give as much detail as possible of the damage. make sure to specify whether you would like a replacement item or would like to return the item for a credit.  after the return is set up please hold the damaged product(s), along with any damaged packaging, for 30 days as the carrier may want to pick up or inspect it. if after 30 days you have not been contacted by build.com or by the carrier you are free to dispose of the damaged product(s). we will not be able to help with any complaints of damages, including visible or material defects, after the product has been installed or altered. my purchase was lost in transit, what do i do?in the case of a lost shipment please contact one of our customer service teams listed above, as soon as possible.i did not receive all of my products, or i received the wrong product. what do i do?there are occasions when an order is shipped from multiple locations and will arrive at different times. in the event that all material is not delivered, please contact the appropriate customer service team listed above. if you believe you have received the wrong product, please verify the item number of the item(s) you received compared to your order confirmation e-mail and/or packing list. if anything does not match, then please contact the appropriate customer service team listed above so we can assist in getting the wrong item(s) returned and the correct item(s) sent out. when and why do i have to pay a restocking fee?most returns will not incur restocking fee charges. however, we do charge a 15% restocking fee on all flooring and tile general product returns. for more details about flooring purchases and returns, see "i purchased flooring, how do i return it?" any orders that receive customer-negotiated discounts may be subject to restocking fees. you will be notified of any restocking fees before they are deducted from your credit. i purchased flooring, how do i return it?when receiving flooring it is important to confirm the order accuracy and contact our flooring and tile specialist team at (855) 484-3293 with any discrepancies.     general flooring & tile returnsa 15% non-negotiable restocking fee, plus any associated return freight charges, will be deducted from all general flooring and tile return credits.  we will accept general returns on flooring and tile orders, with a 1 carton minimum. since we only sell in full-carton quantities, we only accept returns in full-carton quantities. all wood flooring manufacturers recommend that you purchase 5% additional flooring to use as a waste factor. we do not take back waste or leftover flooring pieces. general return products must be in resalable condition and in their original packaging. items must be returned within 60 days of receipt, some restrictions may apply. the following flooring-related items are not eligible for general return, and may only be returned if defective:special order and/or custom milled flooringflooring accessories; molding, trim and/or transition items. (note: moldings are generic and are sold as a complimentary color and may not be an exact match to your flooring color).installation materials: adhesives and trowelsunderlaymentcleaning materialspromotional products: including coupon and/or sale itemsdefective flooring & tile returnsdefective returns for flooring products will not incur a restocking fee. defective returns must be requested within 90 days of when the order was received. i checked out using my standard (non-guest) account. how will my refund be issued?general returns requested within 30 days of receiptfor customers that checked out using a standard account, general returns refunds requested 1-30 days after receipt will be issued to the original payment method(s). if a combination of store credit and another payment method (credit card, paypal, etc.) were used on the original order, then store credit will be issued first. once the full store credit amount has been refunded, then any additional amount due will be refunded to the second payment method used on the original order. examples below: 1 – 30 days : example a 1 – 30 days : example b original order cart total $100.00 $100.00 payment method store credit ($25.00) credit card ($100.00) ($75.00) order balance $0.00 $0.00 return cart total ($50.00) ($50.00) payment method store credit $25.00 credit card $50.00 $25.00 return balance $0.00 $0.00 overall transaction total $50.00 $50.00 general returns requested 31-60 days of receiptgeneral returns requested 31-60 days after receipt will receive store credit only. examples below: 31 – 60 days : example a 31 – 60 days : example b original order cart total $100.00 $100.00 payment method store credit ($25.00) credit card ($100.00) ($75.00) order balance $0.00 $0.00 return cart total ($50.00) ($50.00) payment method store credit $50.00 $50.00 credit card return balance $0.00 $0.00 overall transaction total $50.00 $50.00 i checked out as a guest. how will my refund be issued?general returns requested for guest checkoutfor customers that choose guest checkout, general returns refunds requested 1-30 days after receipt will be issued to the original payment method. general returns requested 31-60 days after receipt will be denied unless a standard (non-guest) account is created. please contact the appropriate customer service team above to create a standard account. once a standard account is active, then the general return window is extended to 60 days after receipt. refer to i checked out via my standard (non-guest) account. how will my refund be issued?  for refund details and examples. defective returns requested for guest checkoutfor defective returns requested 1-90 days after receipt the refund will be issued to the original payment method(s).i received store credit. where can i use it, and how long is it good for?store credit may be used at build.com or any affiliate in the build.com network. store credit does not expire.when should i expect my refund?for most general or defective returns, we will process your credit once we have confirmation that the item has been received and inspected by our warehouse. please allow 5-10 business days following delivery to our warehouse for credit to be issued. refunds will be issued per our return policy. for refused shipments, damaged shipments, and freight claims filed within 2 business days of receipt, credit will be issued as soon as possible. however, please allow 5-10 business days to complete processing. sign up to get the best deals!subscribeprivacy policyconnect with build.comlive product expertcustomer servicehelp centercontact usreturnsshipping policyaccountmy accountorder statusrewards programmy cartresourceslearning centeraffiliate programsspecial pricingcouponsrebate centernonstock itemssecurity & privacyterms of usecompany infoabout uscareerssite mapour catalogsign up to receive our catalogbegin your home improvement journey today with seasonal tips, diy projects, best looks for every budget and the latest design trends sent right to your door.get the catalogphone: (800) 375-3403, email: cs@build.com402 otterson dr. ste 100, chico, ca 95928© 2000–2016 build.com, inc.all rights reserved.copying prohibited by law×closethis image and all included logos are copyrighted by trust-guard © 2016.× login or sign up to save a list ofyour favoritesloginorsign up×closesubmitplease enter a valid email address!thanks for subscribing!we respect your privacy and promise to never spam you. privacy policy