来源URL: https://web.archive.org/web/20181227220450/https://www.build.com/support/returns
================================================================================

return policy | build.com (800) 375-3403mon - fri5:00am - 7:00pm pstsat & sun6:00am - 4:00pm pst chat hoursmon-fri5:00am - 7:00pm pstsat & sun6:00am - 4:00pm pstlearning centerhelp0cartfind a single order or return(guest orders)set up returnprojectslog increate accountlog inmy account log infor a better experienceare you a pro?get pricingbathroomkitchenlightingfanshardwareappliancesdecoroutdoorhvacfurnitureflooringcommercialclearancehome automationshop by branddesigner homeshop all departmentsbathroombathroom faucetsbathroom sinksshowersbathroom vanitiestoiletsbathtubsmore bathroomshower faucetsbathroom lightingtub faucetsbath fansbathroom hardware and accessoriesdesigner bathroomcustom vanity cabinetscalifornia compliant productsshop all bathroomwhat can we help you with?let one of our experts help guide you through your project with expert advice ranging from inspiration to installation.view expert profileslisa mfeatured vendorslogologologokitchenkitchen faucetskitchen sinksbar faucetsbar & prep sinkskitchen applianceskitchen accessoriesmore kitchenkitchen lightingcabinets - storage & organizationkitchen sink combosgarbage disposalspot filler faucetsdesigner kitchenshop all kitchenwhat can we help you with?let one of our experts help guide you through your project with expert advice ranging from inspiration to installation.view expert profileskendal efeatured vendorslogologologolightingbathroom lightingchandelierspendant lightingsemi flush and flush mountswall sconcesoutdoor lightingmore lightingoutdoor wall sconcesdesigner lightinglandscape lightingrecessed lightingled lightinglampscommercial lightingshop all lightingwhat can we help you with?let one of our experts help guide you through your project with expert advice ranging from inspiration to installation.view expert profileslisa mfeatured vendorslogologologofansceiling fansceiling fans with lightoutdoor ceiling fansceiling fan accessoriesbath fansair circulatorsmore fansled ceiling fansin-line fansutility fansattic fanswhole house fansshop all fanswhat can we help you with?let one of our experts help guide you through your project with expert advice ranging from inspiration to installation.view expert profilesgary cfeatured vendorslogologologohardwaredoor leversdoor knobscabinet hardwaredeadboltsdoor entry setskeyless entrymore hardwarecloset and pocket door hardwaredoorsdoor accessoriesdoor hingeslock combo packsmortise lockscommercial door hardwareshop all hardwarewhat can we help you with?let one of our experts help guide you through your project with expert advice ranging from inspiration to installation.view expert profilescodee ffeatured vendorslogologologoappliancesrefrigerationcookinglaundrydishwashersrange hoodsappliance packagesmore appliancescooktopswine coolerswall ovensbeverage centersrangesice makerskegeratorsshop all applianceswhat can we help you with?let one of our experts help guide you through your project with expert advice ranging from inspiration to installation.view expert profilesgary cfeatured vendorslogologologodecormirrorsfurniturerugslampswall decorhome accentsmore decorwallpaper and wallcoveringsclockswindow decor & filmsbedding & pillowspaintpaintings & printsstatues, figurines, & sculpturesmessage boardswallpaper bordersdimensional wall decorhome decor saleshop all decorwhat can we help you with?let one of our experts help guide you through your project with expert advice ranging from inspiration to installation.view expert profilesnicki tfeatured vendorslogologologooutdooroutdoor lightingoutdoor kitchensoutdoor & patio furniturerugsfire pitspatio heatersmore outdoorgazebos & pergolasgarden decoroutdoor fireplacesoutdoor ceiling fansoutdoor cooking & bbqsmail boxesumbrellasparty string lightsoutdoor salesshop all outdoorwhat can we help you with?let one of our experts help guide you through your project with expert advice ranging from inspiration to installation.view expert profilesnicki tfeatured vendorslogologologohvacair conditionersthermostatsheaterswater heatersstoves and fireplacesstove and chimney pipemore hvacair circulatorsindoor air qualityceiling fansregisters and grillesfireplace accessoriesductingair filtersshop all hvacwhat can we help you with?let one of our experts help guide you through your project with expert advice ranging from inspiration to installation.view expert profilesgary cfeatured vendorslogologologofurnitureliving room furniturekitchen and dining furniturebedroom furnitureentry and hallway furnitureoffice furniturebar and game room furnituremore furnitureoutdoor and patio furnitureshop by furniture typessofastablesbedschairsentertainmentdesksshelving & storagefurniture saleshop all furniturewhat can we help you with?let one of our experts help guide you through your project with expert advice ranging from inspiration to installation.view expert profileslisa mfeatured vendorslogologologoflooringtilehardwood flooringluxury vinyl flooringlaminate flooringcork flooringcarpet tilemore flooringwood-look tilestone-look tilesubway field tilemosaic tilefloor tilewall tilebacksplash tilesolid hardwood flooringengineered hardwood flooringflooring salesshop all flooringwhat can we help you with?let one of our experts help guide you through your project with expert advice ranging from inspiration to installation.view expert profilesnicki tfeatured vendorslogologologocommercialcommercial sink faucetscommercial sinkscommercial toiletscommercial lockscommercial ceiling lightsdrinking fountainsmore commercialurinalsflushometercommercial ventilationcommercial restroomcommercial lightingfood service equipmentshop all commercialwhat can we help you with?let one of our experts help guide you through your project with expert advice ranging from inspiration to installation.view expert profileskendal efeatured vendorslogologologoclearancebathroom clearancekitchen & bar clearancelighting and fans clearancehardware clearanceappliance clearancebest buys under $100more clearancehome decor clearancehvac clearancesmart home clearancestock blowoutbulk clearance dealsschlage exclusive clearancebuild.com/dealsshop all clearancewhat can we help you with?let one of our experts help guide you through your project with expert advice ranging from inspiration to installation.view expert profilesnicki tfeatured vendorslogologologohome automationsmart appliancessmart lockssmart thermostatssmart lightingsmart cameras & sensorssmart sensors & alarmsmore home automationhubs & bridgessmart switches, outlets & plug-inssmart irrigationbundles & kitsshop all home automationwhat can we help you with?let one of our experts help guide you through your project with expert advice ranging from inspiration to installation.view expert profilesnicki tfeatured vendorslogologologoshop by brandkohlerdeltaschlageprogress lightingmoenhansgrohemore shop by brandpark harborgrohekichleramerican standardbrizomisenoshop all shop by brandwhat can we help you with?let one of our experts help guide you through your project with expert advice ranging from inspiration to installation.view expert profilesnathan gfeatured vendorslogologologodesigner homedesigner bathroomdesigner kitchendesigner lightingluxury kitchen appliancesdesigner ceiling fansdesigner door hardwaremore designer homedesigner cabinet hardwareluxury furniture and decordesigner brandsdesigner custom cabinetryshop all designer homewhat can we help you with?let one of our experts help guide you through your project with expert advice ranging from inspiration to installation.view expert profilesfrankie rfeatured vendorslogologologotax day sale - save up to 20% build.com credit cardfree standard ground shipping on orders over $49contact us(800) 375-3403phone: m-f: 5am-7pm pstchat: m-f: 5am-7pm pstsat & sun: 6am-4pm pstholiday closure: 4/21/19 email ussupport teamfaq meet our experts special pricingour policiessecurity & privacy terms of useabout usabout us our promise careers become a vendor affiliate program build gives backhow to set up a return onlineclick on the 'find my order' button belowlog in to your account, or sign in as a guestselect the order(s) you wish to returnclick on ‘setup return’ find my ordergeneral returnsyou may initiate a return for an item(s) within 30 days of receipt for a refund. returns requested between 31 - 60 days after receipt will only qualify for store credit. returns outside of our 30 to 60 day general return policy will not be accepted. refunds will be applied to your account (minus return shipping) once the item has been received and inspected through our warehouse.  to qualify for a general return, the item(s): must be in resalable conditionmust be free from scratches and/or defectsmust not have been installedmust be in the original manufacturer’s box and packaging must not have any writing on the original packaging must not be missing pieces must not be clearance/liquidations/closeoutmust not be an appliance, furniture or paintrestocking fees: in most cases, restocking fees may not apply. however, tile & flooring returns are subject to restocking fees.see returns policy for:painttile & flooringappliancefurnituredefective returnsyou may initiate a return for defective item(s) within 90 days of receipt for a full refund. once a return has been set up and returned to our warehouse, it will be inspected. if the return is deemed to be defective, a full refund will be applied to your account.  to qualify for a defective return, one of the following must apply: item has a defect that hinders its usability for the purpose of which it was designed incorrect item was receivedcustomer support teamsall products: (800) 375-3403appliance specialist team: (855) 394-7243flooring and tile specialist team: (855) 484-3293 build.com and build.com network affiliates are not responsible for any labor costs related to handling, installing, or uninstalling items purchased. items that have had gasoline in them are not returnable due to shipping restrictions of hazardous material.frequently asked questionshow do i send my return? when and why do i have to pay a restocking fee?how do i cancel an order? i received store credit. where can i use it, and for how long is it good for? when should i expect my refund? what is a return goods authorization (rga) and how long will it take to receive it after i set one up? what is a prepaid label (ppl), and when will i receive it?what is a bill of lading (bol), and when will i receive it? what is a call tag and how does it work?i purchased flooring, how do i return it? i purchased paint, how do i return it?i purchased an appliance, can i return it?i purchased furniture, can i return it?i checked out using my standard (non-guest) account. how will my refund be issued? i checked out as a guest. how will my refund be issued?my purchase was damaged in transit. how do i return it, request a replacement, and/or file a freight claim? i did not receive all my products, or some items are not what i purchased. what do i do? my purchase was lost in transit, what should i do?1. how do i send my return? we recommend using the packaging from the original shipment. follow the instructions provided with the rga number we sent via email. if you’re using a pre-paid label that we provided, then print the ppl, attach it to the outside of the box, and drop your shipment off at any ups location. if you are not using a ppl that we provided, then please use a carrier that offers tracking (like ups) and remember to provide us with the carrier and tracking information. if your shipment will travel via freight (semi-truck, ltl, etc.), then repack all items very well, secure them to the original pallet(s), and prepare them for shipment (we recommend using the packaging from the original shipment). follow the instructions provided with the rga number we sent via email. print the bol that we provided via email. do not attach the bol to the shipment. use the instructions provided to contact the carrier and schedule your freight pickup.  once the return has been issued, you will only have 30 days to return the product(s). as a courtesy, we will email you a reminder within 20 days prior to the due date of the return. as our vendor's have their own return policy, we urge that you pack and ship the item(s) within the 30 days so that no delays or credit denials may occur.back to top  2. when and why do i have to pay a restocking fee?most returns will not incur restocking fee charges. however, any order that receives customer-negotiated discounts may be subject to restocking fees. we do charge a 15% restocking fee on all flooring and tile general product returns. for more details about flooring purchases and returns, see ‘i purchased flooring, how do i return it?’back to top  3. how do i cancel an order?cancellation requests must be processed by a customer service team member. please contact the appropriate customer service team for immediate cancellation requests as our orders process quickly. speaking with our service representatives allows us to review and process your request as quickly as possible. an order can only be cancelled if it has not shipped.back to top  4. i received store credit. where can i use it, and for how long is it good for? store credit can be used at build.com or any affiliate in the build.com network, without an expiration date. back to top  5. when should i expect my refund? for most general or defective returns, we will process your credit once we have confirmation that the item has been received and inspected by our warehouse. please allow 5 to 10 business days following delivery to our warehouse for credits to be issued. refunds will be issued per our return policy. for refused shipments, damaged shipments, and freight claims filed within two (2) business days of receipt, credit will be issued as soon as possible. however, please allow 5 to 10 business days to complete processing.back to top  6. what is a return goods authorization (rga) and how long will it take to receive it after i set one up? an rga is used as a reference to help us track returns. this identifies the return and associates it with your order number. it may take anywhere between 3 to 5 business days to process and issue an rga.back to top  7. what is a prepaid label (ppl), and when will i receive it?a ppl is a prepaid label to return your item(s) via ups. ppls are provided for all returns set up by one of our customer service team members, or via the web. ppls for defective returns are provided at no cost. for general returns, ppls are provided by default and the cost of shipping will be deducted from your credit. ppls will be sent as an embedded url link in the body of your rga email. back to top  8. what is a bill of lading (bol), and when will i receive it? a bol is used to return items via freight (semi-truck, ltl, etc.). this shipping method is used for bulky, heavy, or palletized products. the bol will be automatically issued and emailed at no charge for defective returns. bols for general returns are created by our customer service representatives and are offered at a low-cost per-pallet-flat-rate. the flat-rate freight amount will be deducted from your credit for general returns. bols are emailed in a separate email, and will arrive after your rga email with instructions and carrier contact information for scheduling pick-up timeframes. back to top  9. what is a call tag and how does it work?a call tag is an additional convenience option for general returns, and is set up when a shipping carrier needs to pick up an item from your home or business , then deliver it back to our warehouse. call tags are for parcel shipments (ups only).  the cost of a call tag is $8.00 per package, plus the cost of shipping. the total cost of all call tags combined with all shipping charges will be deducted from your credit amount. a call tag takes 24 hours to process. once processed, the carrier will make up to 3 attempts to pick up the package(s) from your home or business. back to top  10. i purchased flooring, how do i return it? when receiving flooring it is important to confirm the order accuracy and contact our flooring and tile specialist team at (855) 484-3293 with any discrepancies. please review our general and defective return policy for flooring & tile below.  general flooring & tile returns: a 15% non-negotiable restocking fee, plus any associated return freight charges, will be deducted from all general flooring and tile return credits. we will accept general returns on flooring and tile orders, with a 1 carton minimum. since we only sell in quantities, we only accept returns in quantities. all wood flooring manufacturers recommend that you purchase 5% additional flooring to use as a waste factor. we do not take back waste or leftover flooring pieces. general return products must be in resalable condition and in their original packaging. items must be returned within 60 days of receipt, some restrictions may apply. the following flooring-related items are not eligible for general return, and may only be returned if defective:special order and/or custom milled flooringflooring accessories; molding, trim and/or transition items. (note: moldings are generic and are sold as and may not be an exact match to your flooring color).tile trim (including chair rails, bullnoses, decorative accents, etc)installation materials: adhesives and trowelsunderlaymentcleaning materialspromotional products: including coupon and/or sale itemsflooring from mohawk industries that is under 5 cartons or $50.00, whichever is greaterproducts from daltile. all sample products   defective flooring & tile returns:defective returns for flooring products will not incur a restocking fee. defective returns must be requested within 90 days of when the order was received.back to top  11. i purchased paint, how do i return it?general returns: general returns are not accepted under any circumstances. this is because paints are mixed to order and non-refundable after purchase. we recommend requesting samples from our paint center and paint product pages. defective returns: defective returns for paint will not incur a restocking fee. in order to set up a defective return for paint, they must meet the following qualification: the return is requested within 30 days of receiptcontainer has been dented, or puncturedcontainer is the incorrect colorback to top  12. i purchased an appliance, can i return it?all purchases on appliances are final. before proceeding through checkout, we recommend confirming that the item(s) meets installation requirements. we understand that occasionally a customer will purchase an item that does not fit their needs. if this is the case, please reach out to us immediately so we can correct the purchase prior to the item(s) being shipped from our warehouse(s).  if the item is found to be damaged during shipping and you notice upon delivery or inspection, do not sign for or take possession of the item. if delivery is accepted but concealed damages are noticed within 48 hours, take pictures of the box and product(s). carriers only allow two business days to file a freight claim. as such, we recommend contacting us immediately to report damages.  after 48-hours from delivery if the item has damages or defects that hinder the usability for the purpose of which it was designed, and it was signed free and clear, you will need to contact the manufacturer for warranty, technical support, and/or part replacements. back to top13. i purchased furniture, can i return it?as stated on each product page related to furniture, all purchases are final. please make sure you take the time to thoroughly research the products before proceeding through checkout. we understand that occasionally items are purchased that do not fit our customer needs. if this is the case, please reach out to us immediately so we can correct the purchase prior to the item(s) being shipped from our warehouse(s). if the warehouse has processed the order, we may not be able to cancel or change the item(s) on the order.  if the item is found to be damaged during shipping and you notice upon delivery and/or inspection, do not sign nor take possession of the item. if delivery is accepted but you notice damages shortly after, provide pictures of the damaged box and product(s) within the first 48 hours. carriers only allow two business days to file a freight claim. as such, we recommend contacting us immediately to report damages. if there is no physical damage but the item has a defect that hinders its usability for the purpose of which it was designed, please contact us immediately to have this resolved with the manufacturer.back to top14. i checked out using my standard (non-guest) account. how will my refund be issued? for customers that checked out using a standard account, general return refunds requested 1 to 30 days after receipt will be issued to the original payment method(s). if a combination of store credit and another payment method (credit card, paypal, etc) were used on the original order, then store credit will be issued first. once the full store credit amount has been refunded, then any additional amount due will be refunded to the second payment method used on the original order.back to top  15. i checked out as a guest. how will my refund be issued? for customers that choose guest checkout, general return refunds requested 1 to 30 days after receipt will be issued to the original payment method. general returns requested 31 to 60 days after receipt will be denied unless a standard (non-guest) account is created.  please contact the appropriate customer service team to assist. once a standard account is active, then the general return window is extended to 60 days after receipt, where by any general returns after 31 days will receive store credit. refer to ‘i checked out via my standard account. how will my refund be issued?’ for details.  for defective returns requested up to 90 days after receipt, the refund will be issued to the original payment. back to top  16. my purchase was damaged in transit. how do i return it, request a replacement, and/or file a freight claim? if you notice damage while the carrier is on site, do not take possession of the damaged product(s). instead, take a picture of the damage, gather copies of the paperwork from the carrier (if possible), and refuse delivery. next, contact the appropriate customer service team.  if you notice damage after delivery (concealed damage), then take pictures of the damage, and contact the appropriate customer service team listed above. carriers only allow two (2) business days after delivery to file a freight claim, so please contact us as soon as possible. you may also log into your account to access our return request tool. when setting up the return please select “it was damaged in shipping” as the return reason. in the description please give us as much detail as possible of the damage. make sure to specify whether you would like a replacement item or would like to return the item for a credit. after the return is set up, please hold the damaged product(s), along with any damaged packaging, for 30 days as the carrier may want to pick up or inspect it. if after 30 days you have not been contacted by build.com or by the carrier, you are free to dispose of the damaged product(s). we will not be able to help with any complaints of damages, including visible or material defects, after the product has been installed or altered.back to top  17. i did not receive all my products, or some items are not what i purchased. what do i do?there are occasions when an order is shipped from multiple locations and will arrive at different times. in the event that all material is not delivered, please contact the appropriate customer service team.  if you believe you have received the wrong product, please verify the item number of the product you received against the order confirmation email and/or packing list. if anything does not match, please contact the appropriate customer service team so we can assist in getting the wrong item(s) returned and the order corrected. back to top  18. my purchase was lost in transit, what should i do?in case of a lost shipment, please contact one of our customer service teams as soon as possible.back to top  sign up to get the best deals!subscribeprivacy policyconnect with build.comdownload our mobile app. the easiest way to shop home improvement. learn morecustomer servicehelp centercontact usreturnsshipping policyaccountmy accountorder statusmy cartresourceslearning centeraffiliate programsspecial pricingcouponsrebate centernonstock itemssecurity & privacyterms of usecompany infoabout uscareerssite mapour catalogsign up to receive our catalogbegin your home improvement journey today with seasonal tips, diy projects, best looks for every budget and the latest design trends sent right to your door.get the catalogphone: (800) 375-3403, email: cs@build.com402 otterson dr. ste 100, chico, ca 95928© 2000–2019 build.com, inc. all rights reserved.×login or sign up to save a list ofyour favoritesloginorsign upcloseget a 5% off coupon*for joining our mailing list! we will email you a coupon to use on your next order.submitplease enter a valid email address!thanks for subscribing! you should receive a coupon in your inbox soon.we respect your privacy and promise to never spam you. if you do not receive the coupon soon, check your spam folder.privacy policy* some exclusions apply