来源URL: https://web.archive.org/web/20250501083550/https://www.build.com/support/faq
================================================================================

our frequently asked questions skip to main contentbuild with ferguson is becoming ferguson home. learn moreare you a pro?getpricingaccountmy projectsprojectscall(800) 375-3403chatchat with usshowroomshelp0cartshipping to:east haven, ctcancelmy projectsprojectslog inorders & returns0cartshop all departmentsbathroomkitchenlightingfanshardwareappliancesflooringcabinet hardwareoutdoorhvacclearanceoutdoor lighting salelearning centerfree standard ground shipping on orders over $49cancelsupport teamfaqspecial pricingour policiesreturnsshippingsecurity & privacyterms of useabout usabout usferguson showroomsnetwork of websitescareersbecome a vendoraffiliate programferguson financingferguson carescontact uscall us at (800) 375-3403phone supportm-f: 5:00am - 6:00pm pstsat: 6:00am - 4:00pm pstchat supportm-f: 6:00am - 6:00pm pstsat: 6:00am - 4:00pm pstcontact us help centertry our self service options!track an orderview an order summaryset up a return  returns inforeturns policyhow to set up a return onlineclick on the 'find my order' button belowlog into your account.select the order(s) you wish to returnclick on ‘setup return’find my ordergeneral returnswith certain exceptions*, you may initiate a return for an item(s) within 90 days of receipt for a refund (minus return shipping). returns outside of the 90-day return window will not be accepted. refunds will be applied to your account (minus return shipping) once the item has been received and inspected through our warehouse.to qualify for a general return, the item(s): must be in resalable condition must be free from scratches and/or defects must not have been installed must be in the original manufacturer’s box and packaging and be free of writing. must not be missing pieces must not be clearance/liquidations/closeout defective returnsyou may initiate a return for most defective items within 90 days of receipt for a full refund. once a return has been set up and the item has been returned to our warehouse, it will be inspected. if the item is deemed to be defective, a full refund will be applied to your account.to qualify for a defective return, one of the following must apply:item has a defect that hinders its usability for the purpose of which it was designedincorrect item was receivedexceptionscustomer support teamsall products: (800) 375-3403appliance specialist team: (855) 394-7243flooring and tile specialist team: (855) 484-3293ferguson home and ferguson network affiliates are not responsible for any labor costs related to handling, installing, or uninstalling items purchased. items that have had gasoline in them are not returnable due to shipping restrictions of hazardous material.frequently asked questionshow long do i have to return an item?which items are eligible for return?is there a restocking fee?the item i received was defective. how do i get a refund?i received the wrong item. how do i get a refund?how do i set up a return?how do i send my return?how do i cancel an order?when should i expect my refund?what is a freight return label and when will i receive it?what is a call tag and how does it work?my purchase was damaged in transit. how do i return it, request a replacement, and/or file a claim?i did not receive all my products. what do i do?my purchase was lost in transit, what should i do?who do i contact if i need assistance with a return?1. how long do i have to return an item?for most items, you may initiate a return for refund of the purchase price (not including shipping) within 90 days of receipt. items cannot be returned or exchanged after 90 days from receipt of the order. refunds will be applied to your account (minus return shipping) once the item(s) has been received and inspected by our warehouse team.back to top2. which items are eligible for return?*most items can be returned within the stated time frame for a refund (see exceptions list below).to qualify for a general return, the item: must be in resalable condition must be free from scratches and/or defects must not have been installed must be in the original manufacturer’s box and packaging and be free of writing. must not be missing pieces must not be clearance/liquidations/closeoutexceptionscertain product categories have specific returns policies. click on the links to learn more.tile & flooringappliancefurnitureback to top3. is there a restocking fee?no. there is no restocking fee on returned items.back to top4. the item i received was defective. how do i get a refund?you may initiate a return for a defective item within 90 days of receipt for a full refund. back to top5. i received the wrong item. how do i get a refund?you may initiate a return for an incorrect item within 90 days of receipt for a full refund. back to top6. how do i set up a return?you can set up your return online at with your fergusonhome.com account. an account is necessary to set up returns or cancel orders. account holderssign into your account.choose “set up a return” and follow the on-screen instructions. guest userselect “orders & returns” link from the header on fergusonhome.com, then choose “set up a return”follow the on-screen instructions to create an account so you may set up your return. find my orderback to top7. how do i send my return?we recommend using the packaging from the original shipment if possible. follow the instructions provided with the return goods authorization (rga) number we sent via email. if you’re using a return label that we provided, print the return label, attach it to the outside of the box, and drop your shipment off at any ups location. return labels help us efficiently track your return. if you choose another shipping method, please inform us by contacting customer service.  if your shipment will travel via freight (semi-truck, ltl, etc.), then repack all items very well, secure them to the original pallet(s), and prepare them for shipment (we recommend using the packaging from the original shipment). follow the instructions provided with the rga number we sent via email. print the freight label that we provided via email. do not attach the freight label to the shipment. use the instructions provided to contact the carrier and schedule your freight pickup.back to top8. how do i cancel an order?because our orders process quickly, there is a very short period of time in which an order can be cancelled. locate your order by logging into your account. you must have a fergusonhome.com account to cancel an order. if you placed your order as a “guest” you must create an account to proceed. if a “cancel order” button is visible, you may cancel your order online without assistance. if the “cancel order” button is not visible, it may be possible to request cancellation before an order ships by contacting our customer service team.back to top9. when should i expect my refund?for most general or defective returns, we will process your credit once we have confirmation that the item has been received and inspected by our warehouse. please allow 5 to 10 business days following delivery to our warehouse for credits to be issued. refunds will be issued per our return policy.for refused shipments, damaged shipments, and freight claims filed within two (2) business days of receipt, credit will be issued as soon as possible. however, please allow 5 to 10 business days to complete processing.back to top10. what is a freight return label and when will i receive it?a freight return label is used to return items via freight (semi-truck, ltl, etc.). this shipping method is used for bulky, heavy, or palletized products. a freight return label will automatically be issued at no charge for defective returns. freight return labels for general returns are offered at a per-pallet-flat-rate. the cost will be deducted from your credit. labels are emailed separately from your return authorization email. your label will come with instructions and carrier contact information for scheduling pick-up timeframe.back to top11. what is a call tag and how does it work?a call tag is an additional convenience option for general returns, and is set up when a shipping carrier needs to pick up an item from your home or business and deliver it back to our warehouse. call tags are for parcel shipments (ups only) and must be set up through customer service. the cost of a call tag is $8.00 per package, plus the cost of shipping. the total cost of all call tags combined with all shipping charges will be deducted from your credit amount. a call tag takes 24 hours to process. once processed, the carrier will make up to 3 attempts to pick up the package(s) from your home or business.back to top12. my purchase was damaged in transit. how do i return it, request a replacement, and/or file a claim?you may log into your account to access the return request tool. when setting up the return please select “it was damaged in shipping” as the return reason. in the description please provide as much detail as possible of the damage. you will be prompted to upload three (3) photographs of the damage.if you notice damage while the carrier is on site, do not take possession of the damaged product(s). instead, take a picture of the damage, gather copies of the paperwork from the carrier (if possible), and refuse delivery. next, contact the customer service team.if you notice damage after delivery (concealed damage), take pictures of the damage, and complete the return online, or contact the appropriate customer service team. items shipped via ground shipping must be reported within 30 days. freight carriers only allow two (2) business days after delivery to file a freight claim. you may set up a claim online through your account.we will not be able to help with any complaints of damages, including visible or material defects, after the product has been installed or altered.back to top13. i did not receive all my products. what do i do?there are occasions when an order is shipped from multiple locations and will arrive at different times. in the event that all material is not delivered, please contact our customer service team.back to top14. my purchase was lost in transit, what should i do?in case of a lost shipment, please contact our customer service team as soon as possible for assistance.back to top15. who do i contact if i need assistance with a return?please call one of our teams for help:all products: (800) 375-3403appliance specialist team: (855) 484-3292flooring & tile specialist team: (855) 484-3293back to topfor more information, please visit our shipping policies pageflooring returns policywhen receiving flooring it is important to confirm the order accuracy and contact our flooring and tile specialist team at (855) 484-3293 with any discrepancies. please review our general and defective return policy for flooring & tile below.general flooring & tile returnswe will accept general returns on flooring and tile orders, with a 1 carton minimum and within 90 days of purchase. returns must be in the same quantity measurement purchased - if purchased in cartons, we will not accept single sheets or pieces. all wood flooring manufacturers recommend that you purchase 5% additional flooring to use as a waste factor. we do not take back waste or leftover flooring pieces. general return products must be in resalable condition and in their original packaging.  the following flooring-related items are not eligible for general return, and may only be returned if defective: special order and/or custom milled flooring flooring accessories; molding, trim and/or transition items. (note: moldings are generic and are sold as is and may not be an exact match to your flooring color) tile trim (including chair rails, bullnoses, decorative accents, etc) installation materials: adhesives and trowels underlayment cleaning materials flooring from mohawk industries that is under 5 cartons or $50.00, whichever is greater all sample products defective flooring & tile returnsdefective returns for flooring products will not incur a restocking fee. defective returns must be requested within 90 days of when the order was received.appliance returns policygeneral appliance policyyou may initiate a return for an appliance within 30 days of purchase (exclusions below).to ensure eligibility, appliance returns can only be set up over the phone with our appliance specialist team: (855) 484-3292.returns must meet the following criteria:return must be set up within 30 days of purchaseproduct must be in original, factory sealed packaging with all associated literature and warranty cards in original conditionproduct cannot have been installed or usedpost purchase rebates cannot have been claimedproduct cannot be special order, made to order, clearance/liquidations/closeout or final saleproducts must be returned using the same shipping method as it was originally shippedphotos are required to ensure product is in original packagingferguson home with ferguson network affiliates reserve the right to deny any return if criteria is not met.defective appliance returnsif you receive a defective appliance product, you will need to contact the manufacturer. all warranty service for customers is provided by the manufacturer of the product purchased. please check your owner's manual for the customer service number of the manufacturer.damaged appliance returnsif the item is found to be damaged during shipping, and you notice the damage upon delivery or inspection, do not sign for or take possession of the item. if delivery is accepted but concealed damages are noticed within 48 hours, take pictures of the box and product(s). carriers only allow two business days to file a freight claim. contact our customer service team immediately to report damage.furniture returns policyas stated on each furniture product page, all furniture purchases are final. please take the time to thoroughly research the products before proceeding through checkout. we understand that occasionally items are purchased that do not fit our customers’ needs. if this is the case, please contact our customer service team immediately so we can correct the purchase prior to the item being shipped from our warehouse. if the warehouse has processed the order, we may not be able to cancel or change the item on the order. if the item is found to be damaged during shipping, and you notice the damage upon delivery and/or inspection, do not sign nor take possession of the item. if delivery is accepted but you notice damage shortly after, provide pictures of the damaged box and product within the first 48 hours. carriers only allow two business days to file a freight claim. contact our customer service team immediately to report damages.if there is no physical damage but the item has a defect that hinders its usability for the purpose of which it was designed, please contact us immediately to have this resolved with the manufacturer.shipping & order statuspayment & taxcanadamanufacturer warranty