来源URL: https://web.archive.org/web/20111220141702/http://barkbox.com/terms-of-service
================================================================================

barkbox how it works for a good cause log in join now barkbox.com make your best friend happy barkbox, inc. website terms of service acceptance of terms welcome to the barkbox website. by using our website, you indicate your unconditional acceptance of the following terms of service. please read them carefully, as they may have changed since your last visit. the most recent version of these terms and conditions may be viewed at barkbox.com/terms-of-service. these terms of service apply to all barkbox, inc. services and features unless otherwise indicated. scope of service barkbox, inc. (“barkbox” or “we”) maintain this website as a service to the user community that visits the site subject to these terms of service. the term “website” includes all services and features available on barkbox.com, including our monthly gift service. users of this website (“you”) are responsible for obtaining any equipment and internet service necessary to access our website and for any paying any fees for the equipment and service you select. we may alter, suspend, or discontinue this website in whole or in part, at any time and for any reason, without notice. the website may also periodically become unavailable due to maintenance or malfunction of computer equipment or for other reasons. website content users have a personal, non-transferable, non-exclusive right to access and use the content of this website subject to these terms and conditions. the term “content” means all information, text, images, data, links, software, or other material accessible through the website, whether created by us or provided by another person for display on the website. the content may contain typographical errors, other inadvertent errors or inaccuracies. we reserve the right to make changes to document names and content, descriptions or specifications of products or services, or other information without obligation to issue any notice of such changes. you may view, copy, download, and print content that is available on this website, subject to the following conditions: the content may be used solely for internal informational purposes. no part of this website or its content may be reproduced or transmitted in any form, by any means, electronic or mechanical, including photocopying and recording for any other purpose. the content may not be modified. copyright, trademark, and other proprietary notices may not be removed. nothing contained on this website should be construed as granting, by implication, estoppel, or otherwise, any license or right to use this website or any content displayed on this website, through the use of framing or otherwise, except: (a) as expressly permitted by these terms of use; or (b) with our prior written permission or the permission of such third party that may own the trademark or copyright of material displayed on this website. indemnification by using this website, you agree to indemnify, hold harmless and defend barkbox from any claims, damages, losses, liabilities, and all costs and expenses of defense, including but not limited to, attorneys' fees, resulting directly or indirectly from a claim by a third party that arises in connection with your use of this website. submitted content barkbox does not claim ownership of any materials you make available through the site. with respect to any materials you submit or make available for inclusion on the site, you grant barkbox a perpetual, irrevocable, non-terminable, worldwide, royalty-free and non-exclusive license to use, copy, distribute, publicly display, modify, create derivative works, and sublicense such materials or any part of such materials. you hereby represent, warrant and covenant that any materials you provide do not include anything (including, but not limited to, text, images, music or video) to which you do not have the full right to grant barkbox the license specified above. you further represent, warrant and covenant that any materials you provide will not contain libelous or otherwise unlawful, abusive or obscene material. barkbox will be entitled to use any content submitted by you without incurring obligations of confidentiality, attribution or compensation to you. children barkbox services are available only to, and may only be used by, individuals who are 18 years and older who can form legally binding contracts under applicable law. individuals under the age of 18 can use this service only in conjunction with and under the supervision of a parent or legal guardian. in this case, the adult is the user and is responsible for any and all activities. intellectual property rights unless otherwise noted, all content contained on this website is the property of barkbox and/or its affiliates or licensors, and is protected from unauthorized copying and dissemination by united states copyright law, trademark law, international conventions and other intellectual property laws. product names are trademarks or registered trademarks of their respective owners. we do not claim ownership of content submitted by users without compensation by barkbox and with the expectation that such content will be made publicly accessible through our website. by submitting such content, however, you agree to grant us a world-wide, royalty-free, perpetual, irrevocable, non-exclusive license to use, distribute, reproduce, modify, adapt, create derivative works from, and publicly perform or display such content. this license shall remain in effect until we delete the content from our systems. copyright infringement; notice and take down procedures if you believe that any materials on this website infringe your copyright, you may request that they be removed. this request must bear a signature (or electronic equivalent) of the copyright holder or an authorized representative and must include the following information: (1) identification of the copyrighted work that you believe to be infringed, including a description of the work and, where possible, a copy or the location of an authorized version of the work; (2) identification of the material that you believe to be infringing and its location, including a description of the material, its website location or other pertinent information that will help us to locate the material; (3) your name, address, telephone number, and email address; (4) a statement that you have a good faith belief that the complained of use of the materials is not authorized by the copyright owner, its agent, or the law; (5) a statement that the information in your claim is accurate; and (6) a statement that "under penalty of perjury," you declare that you are the lawful copyright owner or are authorized to act on the owner’s behalf. in an effort to protect the rights of copyright owners, we maintain a policy for the termination, in appropriate circumstances, of users of this website who are repeat infringers. security when you register to participate in barkbox services on this website, you may be required to establish a login identifier and a password. you are responsible for protecting your login and password from unauthorized use, and you are responsible for all activity that occurs on your account. you agree to notify us immediately if you believe that your login or password has been or may be used without your permission so that appropriate action can be taken. we are not responsible for losses or damage caused by your failure to safeguard your login and password. disclaimer of warranty under no circumstances will we be liable for any loss or damage caused by your reliance on information in any content on this website. it is your responsibility to evaluate the accuracy, completeness or usefulness of any information, opinion, advice or other content available through this website. you are responsible for seeking the advice of professionals, as appropriate, regarding the evaluation of any specific information, opinion, advice or other content. all text, images, and other information on or accessible from this website are provided "as is" without warranty of any kind, either express or implied, including but not limited to the implied warranties of merchantability, fitness for a particular purpose, and non-infringement. specifically, but without limitation, barkbox does not warrant that: (i) the information available on this website is free of errors; (ii) the functions or services (including but not limited to mechanisms for the downloading and uploading of content) provided by this website will be uninterrupted, secure, or free of errors; (iii) defects will be corrected, or (iv) this website or the server(s) that makes it available are free of viruses or other harmful components. limitation of liability in no event shall barkbox be liable to any user of this website or any other person or entity for any direct, indirect, special, incidental, consequential or exemplary damages (including, but not limited to, damages for loss of profits, loss of data, loss of use, or costs of obtaining substitute goods or services) arising out of the use, inability to use, unauthorized access to or use or misuse of the website or any information contained thereon, whether based upon warranty, contract, tort (including negligence), or otherwise, even if has been advised of the possibility of such damages or losses. exclusions some jurisdictions do not allow the exclusion of certain warranties or the limitation or exclusion of liability for incidental or consequential damages. accordingly, some of the above limitations may not apply to you. links to third-party websites this website may contain links to non-barkbox websites that are provided to you as a convenience. any outside website accessed from our website is independent from barkbox, and we have no control over the content of such websites. we are not responsible for the content of any linked website or for any loss or damage incurred in connection with your use such links or dealings with the operators of such non-barkbox websites. no implied endorsements in no event shall any reference to any third party or third party product or service be construed as an approval or endorsement by barkbox of that third party or of any product or service provided by a third party. likewise, a link to any non-barkbox website does not imply that we endorse or accept any responsibility for the content or use of such a website. barkbox does not endorse, warrant or guarantee any product or service offered by any third party through an online discussion forum or chat room accessible through this website and will not be a party to or in any way monitor any transaction involving any third party providers of products or services. as with the purchase of a product or service through any medium or in any environment, you are responsible for exercising appropriate judgment and caution. jurisdictional issues we make no representation that information on this website is appropriate or available for use outside the united states. those who choose to access this website from outside the united states do so on their own initiative and at their own risk and are responsible for compliance with applicable local laws. termination we may terminate any user’s access to our website, including access to any online discussion forum or chat room, in our sole discretion, for any reason and at any time, with or without prior notice. it is our policy to terminate users who violate these terms and conditions, as deemed appropriate in our sole discretion. you agree that we are not liable to you or any third party for any termination of your access to our website. enforcement these terms of service shall be governed and interpreted pursuant to the laws of the state of virginia, united states of america, notwithstanding any principles of conflicts of law. all disputes arising out of or relating to these terms of service shall be finally resolved by arbitration conducted in the english language in arlington, va, u.s.a. under the commercial arbitration rules of the american arbitration association. the parties shall appoint as sole arbitrator a retired judge who presided in the state of virginia. the parties shall bear equally the cost of the arbitration (except that the prevailing party shall be entitled to an award of reasonable attorneys' fees incurred in connection with the arbitration in such an amount as may be determined by the arbitrator). all decisions of the arbitrator shall be final and binding on both parties and enforceable in any court of competent jurisdiction. notwithstanding the foregoing, we shall be entitled to seek injunctive relief, security, or other equitable remedies from federal and state courts located in the state of virginia or any other court of competent jurisdiction. under no circumstances shall the arbitrator be authorized to award punitive damages, including but not limited to federal or state statutes permitting multiple or punitive damage awards. any purported award of punitive or multiple damages shall be beyond the arbitrator’s authority, void, and unenforceable. severability if any part of these terms of service is held to be unlawful, void, or unenforceable, that part will be deemed severable and shall not affect the validity and enforceability of the remaining provisions. entire agreement these terms of service constitute the entire agreement between the parties relating to the subject matter herein. we may, at our sole discretion and without notice, revise these terms at any time by updating this posting. for additional information if you have any questions about these terms of service, please contact support@barkbox.com copyright © 2010, barkbox, inc. all rights reserved. contact faq terms of service privacy policy