来源URL: https://web.archive.org/web/20120919234953/https://barkbox.com/faq
================================================================================

barkbox log in log in how it works for a good cause join now frequently asked questions general what is barkbox and who's behind it? barkbox is a new york city based subscription-commerce company serving dog owners and their four-legged friends every month. barkbox is from the minds of henrik werdelin/prehype, matt meeker, and carly strife. their dogs are hugo, cooper and roxy (from an nyc rescue). who else is involved? barkbox has launched thanks to a bunch of awesome dog loving people. besides the founding team, dogs across the country should add these fine folks to their evening prayers; philip petersen and keith holjencin (design), martin laxman (illustrations), julio carlos menendez (developer), kika gilbert (copy), joseph mauriello, and andy fisher. signing up how do i join barkbox? click on the "get started" button on the homepage. select the size of your dog (for optimal gift selection) and then select which barkbox plan you'd like. once you fill in the billing information page and click the "next" button, we ask for your shipping info and a bit of information about your dog. then, you're ready to go! what payment options do i have? you can pay using visa, mastercard, american express, or discover. we do not accept checks, money orders, or the family housecat in trade. i just signed up for a barkbox subscription -- what will my dog receive? each month your dog will receive a box full of 4-6 goodies to enjoy. each box will include a different mix of goodies like bones, bully sticks, toys, treats, gadgets, shampoos, hygiene products, food samples, and more. there's plenty in each box to discover what your dog really loves and wants more of in the future. when will i get my first barkbox? if you signed up before the cutoff date (the 10th of each month) you'll receive your barkbox this month! we ship barkboxes on the 15th of each month and you can see details on shipping below. if you signed up after the 10th, you'll receive your first box next month - and we promise it will be worth the wait :) my dog has allergies. do you guys offer special boxes for those pups that are a bit more sensitive? as much as we’d love to help out a furry friend in need, we do not offer customized boxes at this time. luckily, there are plenty of goodies in each box that your pup will be able to enjoy, even if they have to gift their treats to their other pup friends! shipping what are my shipping options? your shipping options are simple. if you order a box, we'll ship it. if you don't order a box, we won't ship it. we ship via a combination of dhl and usps, and it's pretty reliable. it's ground shipping, so it will take between 2 and 8 business days to get there. where does barkbox ship to? we currently ship everywhere in the united states and canada! will i be able to track my shipment? if you're in the us, each month we'll send you a tracking link once we've shipped your barkbox. what is your shipping policy? do you offer free shipping? shipping is free in the us. canada has a $5 shipping charge per month when will my dogs barkbox ship? barkboxes are sent every month, like clockwork. we'll send out boxes on the 15th(ish) of each month. you will receive your box 2-8 business days after the 15th in the continental us and up to 10 business days everywhere else. what if i want to change my address? head on over to your account page to change your address and any other information that needs updating-- by the 5th of each month. (otherwise your barkbox will go to your old address.) if you have problems changing your address, feel free to email us with your name and new address where you'd like your barkbox shipped. make sure to email us from the email address you registered with so we can ensure your friend's dog from down the street isn't trying to pull a fast one on us. i changed my address too late or i entered to wrong address when i signed up. you're silly. we can reship your barkbox but there is a $10.00 re-shipping fee for these orders. please make sure your address is updated on your subscription page before the next 5th of the month rolls around! help! my box never came. what do i do? oh shoot! we are so sorry about that -- just send an email to support@barkbox.com and we’ll get everything sorted out for you. :) billing why do you guys charge the total cost of the subscription up front? good question! the reason that we can offer such good prices on our longer subscriptions is because we charge up front. and we want to help as many pups as we can! :) when will i be billed? depending on your plan, we bill you every 30, 90, and 180 days from the day you signed up in the month. so if you sign up for a one-month subscription on the 21st, you will be billed on the 21st of every subsequent month. if you sign up for a three-month subscription, you will be billed on the 21st every 90 days... and so on. gifting can i gift a barkbox subscription? of course! you can gift 1, 3 or 6 months of barkbox to anyone you’d like! all we need is your payment information and their email address to get started. once we have all those details, we’ll shoot your recipient an email letting them know what a great friend you are and prompt them to sign up using their unique gift code. if i have a gift subscription, what happens when i reach my last month? at the start of the last month of your gift subscription, we’ll shoot you an email to let you know where and how to sign up to continue receiving a barkbox. be aware, if you decide not to continue receiving barkbox, your dog may be very upset with you. what if i don't know my recipient's shipping address? if you are gifting a barkbox to a friend (they’re gonna love it!) we’ll send an email with a gift code letting them know about your thoughtful present. your recipient will then be able to login and create an account using their own information using the gift code that was sent to them. other do you have a referral program? you betcha! we love sharing the barkbox love. to find your customized barkbox referral link, login to your account and click on the “invite” tab. copy the link in the box on the right side of the page and share away! for every new subscriber that you refer to barkbox, you’ll receive one extra month of barkbox for free. nifty, eh? do you have a privacy policy? yes we do. you can find it here. i want to talk to a person there, can i call you? sure, why not! our number is 973-532-bark(2275). we're available by phone monday through friday from 10am to 5pm est how do i return a defective product? send it back to us and we can send you a new item, or we can just credit you. your choice. will you tell me what is coming in my box ahead of time? can my dog choose? no, we won't tell you, we like surprises. but we definitely want to know when your dog has ideas for future boxes. transcribe requests from your dog and we'll consider their ideas for the future. i love this bone/treat/toy/etc? where do i buy it? after you hand out the goodies to your dog, look deeper in the box. we included a write-up on all of the products including the website address of each product, and in many cases, promotional codes for discounts on the products. are there any hidden fees? nope, it's only your monthly subscription fee. although if you’re from canada, there is an extra $5/month shipping fee to get those barkboxes delivered in the great white north. what's your cancellation policy? you can cancel your subscription via the account page at any time. to cancel your subscription, just login to your account, click on “manage subscription” and hit “cancel subscription.” you will still receive the barkboxes you have already paid for but your subscription will not be renewed the next time it expires. we bet your pup would be happier if you didn't cancel! if i cancel in the middle of my subscription, will i still get all of my boxes? you will definitely receive all of the boxes from your subscription, but don’t be surprised by any rebellious brown smelly “presents” left on the living room floor when your dog learns of a barkbox cancellation. ;) i forgot to use my promo code! no problem, just send an email to and we will be sure to credit your account. what if my promo code doesn't work? the best thing to do is to email us at support@barkbox.com so we can help resolve your issue and ensure your barkbox makes its way to you. groupon i purchased a groupon - now what? head on over to barkbox.com/g and enter your voucher number and claim your code! follow all of the steps and the coupon will be applied on checkout. i typed in my groupon, but now you’re asking me for my credit card number. why do you need this? good question! since our subscriptions automatically renew, we collect your credit card information for future renewals. we also collect it in case your purchase is greater than the amount of credit you got from groupon. bottom line-- we won't charge you unless your subscription is renewing or your purchase exceeds your credit balance. you can cancel your subscription anytime and you will still receive all of the boxes you paid for. i am already a member, can i buy a groupon for barkbox? unfortunately, the groupon only works for new members. i want to buy a groupon to give barkbox as a gift. can i do this? yep! (how generous of you!) you need to send your friend the groupon voucher and then they can sign themselves up to get a barkbox and make their pup the happiest pup on the block. for any other questions, or to get in contact with us, please feel free to use our contact us page or email us directly at support@barkbox.com! back to top sign up for our awesome barkbox email newsletter. we get a kick out of hearing from people who contact us. give our faq a quick read, or, if you love legal copy, take a look at our privacy policy and terms of service. get our doggy newsletter × get great doggy updates! top 5 lists, videos and photos to make you smile. email: dog's name: dog's birthday: sign up today we promise not to spam you. have a groupon code?