来源URL: https://web.archive.org/web/20141230201659/https://barkbox.com/privacy-policy
================================================================================

privacy policy | barkbox says woof! a free month will be added at checkout. go! log in how it works faq for a good cause join now how it works faq for a good cause give as a gift join now log in claim a gift get our doggy newsletter privacy policy barkbox knows that you care how information about you is used and shared, and we appreciate your trust that we will do so carefully and sensibly. this notice describes our privacy policy for the barkbox.com web site (the “site”). if you have questions or concerns regarding this statement, you should contact us at happy@barkbox.com. this privacy policy covers only information that is collected through the site and does not cover websites to which we link. notice of information we collect and how we use it our primary purpose in collecting personal information is to provide you with a safe, smooth, efficient, and customized experience. this allows us to provide services and features that most likely meet your needs, and to customize our service to make your experience safer and easier. we only collect personal information about you that we consider necessary for achieving this purpose. in general, our collection and use of information is as follows: barkbox will not sell or disclose your name or email address to third parties without your explicit consent, except as specified in this privacy policy. when you subscribe to barkbox, we will collect personal information such as your name, e-mail address, shipping address and credit card information. we use this information to process and fulfill your order and to notify you of your order status. all archived credit card information is maintained in a secure and safe environment as described in this privacy policy. barkbox automatically receives and records information on our server logs from your browser, including your ip address, cookies, and the pages you request. barkbox uses information for the following general purposes: products and services provisioning, billing, identification and authentication, services improvement, contact, research, and anonymous reporting. ip addresses are automatically reported by your browser each time you view a web page. your ip address is stored in barkbox's user registration databases when you register with barkbox. ip addresses may be used for various research purposes, and/or delivering unique functionality to our service. information we collect about anonymous visitors we automatically track certain information based upon your behavior on the site. we use this information to do internal research on our users’ demographics, interests, and behavior to better understand, protect and serve you and our community. log files like many web sites, we automatically gather certain information about our site traffic and store it in log files. this information includes internet protocol (ip) addresses, browser type, internet service provider (isp), referring/exit pages, operating system, date/time stamp, and clickstream data. we use this information, which does not identify individual users, to analyze trends, to administer the site, to track users’ movements around the site and to gather demographic information about our user base. we do not link this automatically collected data to personally identifiable information. cookies a cookie is a small text file that is stored on a user’s computer for record-keeping purposes. we use cookies on this site. as noted above, we [do not] link the information we store in cookies to any personally identifiable information you submit while on our site. this privacy policy covers the use of cookies by the site only and does not cover. some of our business partners (e.g., advertisers) use cookies on our site. we have no access to or control over these cookies. see “third party advertisers.” clear gifs (web beacons/web bugs) we employ a software technology called clear gifs, also referred to as web beacons or web bugs, that help manage content on the site by tracking what content is effective. clear gifs are tiny graphics with a unique identifier, similar in function to cookies, and are used to track the online movements of web users. in contrast to cookies, which are stored on a user’s computer hard drive, clear gifs are embedded invisibly on web pages and are about the size of the period at the end of this sentence. we [do not] tie the information gathered by clear gifs to our customers’ personally identifiable information. information we collect to respond to your choices and requests registration in order to use some features of this site, you must first subscriber to the barkbox service. during registration you are required to give truthful contact information (such as name and email address) in accordance with our terms of use. we use this information to contact you about the services on our site in which you have expressed interest. orders if you purchase a product or service from us, we request certain personally identifiable information from you on our order form. you must provide contact information (such as name, email, and shipping address) and financial information (such as a credit card number and expiration date). we use this information for billing purposes and to fill your orders. if we have trouble processing an order, we will use this information to contact you. surveys or contests we may provide you the opportunity to participate in contests or surveys on our site. if you participate, we will request certain personally identifiable information from you. the requested information typically includes contact information (such as name and shipping address) and demographic information. we use this information to notify contest winners and award prizes, to monitor site traffic, or to personalize the site (in the case of anonymous information collected in surveys) and to send participants an email newsletter. tell-a-friend if you choose to use our referral service to tell a friend about our site, we will ask you for your friend’s name and email address. we will automatically send your friend a one-time email inviting him or her to visit the site. barkbox does not store this information for the sole purpose of sending this one-time email and tracking the success of our referral program. your friend may contact us at happy@barkbox.com to request that we remove this information from our database. communication from us or the site special offers and updates we will occasionally send you information on products, services, special deals, and promotions. you can sign up for these emails from us on our registration page. out of respect for your privacy, we present the option not to receive these types of communications. please see the “choice and opt-out.” newsletters if you wish to subscribe to our newsletter(s), we will use your name and email address to send the newsletter to you. out of respect for your privacy, we provide you a way to unsubscribe. please see the “choice and opt-out” section. service-related announcements we will send you strictly service-related announcements on rare occasions when it is necessary to do so. for instance, if our service is temporarily suspended for maintenance, we might send you an email. generally, you may not opt-out of these communications, which are not promotional in nature. if you do not wish to receive them, you have the option to deactivate your account. customer service based upon the personally identifiable information you provide us, we will send you a welcoming email to verify your username and password. we will communicate with you in response to your inquiries, to provide the services you request, and to manage your account. we will communicate with you by email or telephone, in accordance with your wishes. you may contact customer service at happy@barkbox.comhappy@barkbox.com. id and address verification we use a third party to verify your identity and address for shipping purposes. conditions under which we share information aggregate information (non-personally identifiable) we share aggregated demographic information about our user base with our partners and advertisers. this information does not identify individual users. we do not link aggregate user data with personally identifiable information. personally identifiable information except as discussed below, we do not share personally identifiable information with third parties. agents we use an outside shipping company to fulfill orders, and a credit card processing company to bill you for goods and services. these companies do not retain, share, store or use personally identifiable information for any other purposes. legal disclaimer we reserve the right to disclose your personally identifiable information as required by law and when we believe that disclosure is necessary to protect our rights; to comply with a judicial proceeding, court order, or legal process served on us or the site; or in connection with an actual or proposed corporate transaction or insolvency proceeding involving all or part of the business or asset to which the information pertains. choice/opt-out we provide you the opportunity to ‘opt-out’ of having your personally identifiable information used for certain purposes, when we ask for this information. for example, if you purchase a product/service but do not wish to receive any additional marketing material from us, you can indicate your preference on our order form. if you no longer wish to receive our newsletter and promotional communications, you may opt-out of receiving them by following the instructions included in each newsletter or communication or by emailing us at happy@barkbox.com. links to other sites the site contains links to other sites that are not owned or controlled by barkbox. please be aware that we are not responsible for the privacy policies of such other sites. we encourage you to be aware when you leave the site and to read the privacy policies of each and every web site that collects personally identifiable information. this privacy policy applies only to information collected by the site. access to personally identifiable information if your personally identifiable information changes, or if you no longer desire our service, you may [correct, update, delete or deactivate] it by making the change on our member information page [or by emailing our customer support at happy@barkbox.com or by contacting us by telephone or postal mail at the contact information listed below. security the security of your personal information is important to us. when you enter sensitive information (such as credit card number and/or social security number) on our registration or order forms, we encrypt that information using secure socket layer technology (ssl). we follow generally accepted industry standards to protect the personal information submitted to us, both during transmission and once we receive it. no method of transmission over the internet, or method of electronic storage, is 100% secure, however. therefore, while we strive to use commercially acceptable means to protect your personal information, we cannot guarantee its absolute security. if you have any questions about security on our web site, you can email us at happy@barkbox.com changes in this privacy policy if we decide to change our privacy policy, we will post changes to this privacy policy and other places we deem appropriate so that you are aware of what information we collect, how we use it, and under what circumstances, if any, we disclose it. we reserve the right to modify this privacy policy at any time, so please review it frequently. if we make changes that materially affect our uses or disclosures of personally identifiable information that we have previously collected, we will notify you here, by email, or by means of a notice on our home page. contact us if you have any questions or suggestions regarding our privacy policy, please contact us at: happy@barkbox.com effective date: november 17th, 2011 get the barkbox app. claim a gift. sign up for our awesome barkbox email newsletter. we get a kick out of hearing from people who contact us. media inquiries please click here. vendor inquiry? put your paw here. check out our guides, give our faq a quick read, or, if you love legal copy, take a look at our privacy policy and terms of service. we're hiring!