来源URL: https://web.archive.org/web/20201231201700/https://www.barkbox.com/privacy-policy
================================================================================

bark barkbox {{ (!expanded && unreadmessagecount > 0) ? unreadmessagecount : "" }} login login more from bark privacy policy this privacy policy (“policy”) describes how the bark family of websites - barkbox, inc. and its affiliates and subsidiaries (collectively, “bark”, “we”, “our” or “us”) - collects, uses and discloses personal information about you; how we protect this information; and the rights you may have in relation to this information. this policy applies to all bark websites that link to this policy, including www.barkbox.com, www.barkpost.com, www.barkeats.com, www.barkbright.com, www.barkessentials.com, www.superchewer.com, www.barkshop.com, and www.bark.co (together with any other bark sites, the “sites”) as well as to any downloadable applications that bark makes available (the "apps" and, together with the sites, the "platforms"). personal information we collect we collect personal information about you from a variety of sources. we collect information from you directly (e.g., when you contact us, provide feedback, sign up for emails, or purchase products or subscriptions), automatically, (e.g., data collected from cookies), and from other sources, including commercially available sources, such as providers of consumer insights (consistent with applicable law). by visiting our sites, downloading or using our apps, and/or using the features made available to you through the platforms, you are agreeing to the terms of this policy. the personal and other information that we collect about you is controlled by barkbox, inc., which is headquartered in the united states at 221 canal street, floor 2, new york, new york 10013. information we collect directly from you the categories of information that we may collect directly from you include the following: identifiers, such as your name, postal address, email address, account name, and other similar identifiers; demographics, such as your gender, age, and veteran status; commercial information, such as products or services purchased, other transactions, or consumption histories or tendencies; payment information (e.g., credit card or debit card numbers and expiration dates); and photos, audio, and video, such as photographs for identification, voice recordings of business calls, or information collected via video cameras at our facilities. information we automatically collect about you we and our service providers and business partners may collect information about you automatically through the use of cookies and similar technologies including information about your online activities over time and across different websites or online services. you may be able to limit our ability to automatically collect certain types of information by adjusting the cookie settings on your web browsers. we also may use an application known as a "web beacon" (also known as a "clear gif" or "web bug"). a web beacon is an electronic file that usually consists of a single-pixel image. it can be embedded in a web page or in an email to transmit information, which could include personal information. for example, it allows an email sender to determine whether a user has opened a particular email. the categories of information we may collect via such technologies include: identifiers, such as unique device identifiers, cookie numbers, ip addresses, and other persistent identifiers; geolocation data, such as precise location collected from your mobile device or location information inferred from your ip address or other network information; commercial information, such as products or subscriptions purchased, content downloaded from our sites, or other transaction histories or tendencies; and internet or other electronic network activity information, such as information regarding your interactions with our platforms, the urls you visit before and after the platforms, and information about the software and hardware you use. information we collect from other sources we may collect information from other sources. for example: identifiers. we collect contact information such as email addresses from marketing services, data suppliers, and social media services. commercial information. we collect information on your purchasing history and potential interests from data supplementation services. demographics, such as your gender, age, or veteran status provided by marketing companies, data supplementation services, social media services, and digital advertising companies; internet or other electronic network activity information. we collect information from third parties that provide analytics or digital marketing services. we may combine personal information collected through the platforms with other information that we or third parties collect about you in other contexts—such as our communications with you via email or phone, or your customer service records. we will treat such combined information as personal information and protect it in accordance with this policy. how we use the information that we collect bark uses the information that we collect for a variety of purposes, including: to respond to your questions or requests concerning the platforms or other services offered by bark or our partners; to fulfill the terms of any agreement you have with us; to fulfill your requests for our services and orders for products or otherwise complete a transaction with you; to manage your participation in surveys, contests, or promotions; to send you information about our services, the status of any orders, and other topics that are likely to be of interest to you, including newsletters, updates, or other communications; to authenticate billing and identification information; to deliver confirmations, account information, notifications, awards, service-related announcements, and similar operational communications; to improve or personalize your user experience; to improve the quality of our products and services; to protect our rights and interests; to analyze how visitors use and interact with the platforms; to learn about users’ demographics, interests, and behavior; to provide you with advertising that we believe suits your interests; to comply with legal and/or regulatory requirements; and to manage our business. we may partner with certain third parties to collect, analyze, and use information collected via the platforms or in email communications from bark. this information may be used for a variety of purposes, including online behavioral advertising, as discussed below (see the section entitled "how we share personal information with third parties"). we also may use information that we collect to send you promotional communications, including emails or postal mail about the products and services offered by bark or our partners. although we hope you will find our promotional emails of interest, you may opt out of receiving them by clicking on the "unsubscribe" link in any promotional email. if you choose to use our referral service to tell a friend about our products or services, we will ask you for your friend’s name and email address. we will automatically send your friend emails inviting him or her to visit the platforms. this personal information may be used to track the success of our referral program. your friend may opt out of receiving these emails. how we share personal information with third parties we may share certain categories of your personal information by disclosing it to our service providers, business partners, or affiliates to achieve our business purposes. we may disclose your personal information in the following circumstances: service providers and business partners: we engage service providers and business partners to assist us with operating and providing you our services. these service providers or business partners may perform marketing services, help us process or ship orders, support email and messaging services, support our online advertising efforts, help us learn about customer trends and interests, and analyze information. some of our service providers or business partners may engage their own service providers or business partners to further assist us. unless otherwise specified, these companies will only use your personal information in the ways described in this policy. analytics and digital advertising. we partner with certain third parties to collect information regarding how people interact with the platforms and other digital services to engage in analysis, auditing, research, and reporting. and we use the information to personalize your experiences on the platforms. the third parties we work with may use cookies, web logs, web beacons, or other similar technologies to collect this information. in particular, as of the effective date of this policy, certain of the sites and apps use such third-party services as google and facebook to help collect and analyze certain information for the purposes discussed above. the platforms also enable third-party tracking mechanisms to collect information for use in online behavioral advertising. for example, third parties may use the fact that you visited the platforms to target online ads for bark services to you on non-bark websites or services. in addition, our third-party advertising networks might use information about your use of the platforms to help target non-bark advertisements based on your online behavior in general. for information about behavioral advertising practices, including privacy and confidentiality, visit the network advertising initiative website or the digital advertising alliance website. the use of online tracking mechanisms by third parties is subject to those third parties’ own privacy policies, and not this policy. if you prefer to prevent third parties from setting and accessing cookies on your computer, you may set your browser to block cookies. additionally, you may remove yourself from the targeted advertising of companies within the network advertising initiative by opting out here, or of companies participating in the digital advertising alliance program by opting out here. our platforms currently do not respond to "do not track" browser headers. to comply with law or cooperate with reasonable requests: we may share your personal information with law enforcement agencies, courts, other government authorities or other third parties where we believe necessary to comply with a legal or regulatory obligation. we may share personal information as we deem reasonably necessary to support lawful investigations or otherwise to protect our rights or the rights of you or any other party. in the context of a transaction: we may share your personal information with potential transaction partners, service providers, advisors, and other third parties in connection with the consideration, negotiation, or completion of a corporate transaction in which we are acquired by or merged with another company or we sell or transfer all or a portion of our assets or business. the following categories of your personal information may be shared with these parties: identifiers; demographics; commercial information; payment information; and pictures, audio, and video; we do not sell your personal information in exchange for money. however, we may disclose information to third parties in exchange for analytics, insights, marketing support, or other valuable services. california law treats such disclosures as “sales” even though the information is not exchanged for money. we disclose the following categories of information for such purposes: identifiers; demographics; commercial information; geolocation data; internet or other electronic network activity information; and inferences regarding preferences or other characteristics. your direct sharing of information on the platforms. certain features of our platforms make it possible for you to share comments or feedback publicly with all other users of the platforms. any information that you submit through such features will be available to the public at large and potentially accessible through third-party search engines. such information can be read, collected, and/or used by others, and it could be used to send you unsolicited messages if you disclose personal information. accordingly, please take care when using these features of the platforms. your direct sharing of personal information through third-party websites and services. the platforms may enable you to share directly personal information with websites or online services operated by third parties. for example, the platforms contain links to third-party websites that incorporate comment and social media features. the platforms may also contain a facebook "like" button, a twitter "follow" button, or similar features. if you choose to use these features, you may disclose your personal information not just to those third-party websites and services, but also to their users and the public more generally. because these third-party websites and services are not operated by bark, we are not responsible for the content or practices of those websites or services. the collection, use, and disclosure of information will be subject to the privacy policies of the third-party websites or services, and not this policy. third-party plugins. the platforms integrate certain third-party plug-ins (such as a facebook "like" button). even if you do not click on these plug-ins, they may collect information about you, such as your ip address and the pages that you view. they also may set and/or access a cookie. these plugins are governed by the privacy policy of the company providing them. aggregated and de-identified information. from time to time, bark may also share aggregated or de-identified information that cannot reasonably identify platform users or the devices they use, such as by publishing a report on trends in the usage of the platforms. security bark uses commercially reasonable physical, technical, and administrative security measures to reduce the risks of loss, misuse, unauthorized access, disclosure, and alteration. when you enter sensitive information (such as credit card number) on our registration or order forms, we encrypt that information using secure socket layer technology (ssl). please be aware, however, that no security measures are perfect or impenetrable. you remain responsible for protecting your username and password and for the security of information you transmit to us over the internet. your choices and rights you can stop email marketing from us by using the “opt out,” or “unsubscribe” mechanism at the bottom of our email marketing messages. we may give you a choice about stopping just one kind of email or opting out of all email marketing from us. if you want to learn more about the personal information that bark has about you, or you would like to update or change that information, or deactivate your account, please contact us by email at [email protected]. note that deactivating your account does not cause your account information to be deleted from our servers. depending on where you live, you may have certain rights regarding your personal information. for example, you may have one or more of the following: right to know: request information about the personal information that we collect, use, disclose, and sell. right to delete: request the deletion of personal information that we have collected, though we may be permitted to retain personal information for certain purposes; right to opt-out of sales: we do not share your information with third parties in exchange for money. however, we may disclose information to third parties in exchange for analytics, insights, marketing support, or other valuable services. some states treat such disclosures as “sales” even though the information is not exchanged for money. non-discrimination: we may not discriminate against you for exercising your rights under certain laws. we may, however, provide a different level of service or charge a different rate if the difference is reasonably related to the value of your information. to exercise the rights you may have, please email us at [email protected] or click here: i want to exercise my rights. if you would like to exercise your right to opt out of the sale of your personal information, please click here: do not sell my info. if you are concerned about having cookies on your computer or device, you can set your browser to refuse all cookies or to indicate when a cookie is being set, allowing you to decide whether to accept it. you can also delete cookies from your computer or device. however, if you choose to block or delete cookies, certain features of the platforms may not operate correctly. you can: disable browser cookies: your browser may allow you to control cookies, some of which may enable third parties to collect data about your use of our websites. instructions for blocking cookies on commonly used browsers can be found below. you must adjust the settings on each browser and on each device for which you wish to block cookies. internet explorer microsoft edge chrome instructions for blocking cookies from a specific website firefox instructions for blocking cookies from a specific website safari disable flash cookies: to disable flash cookies, follow these instructions. this setting will need to be adjusted on each device for which you wish to block flash cookies. exercise interest-based advertising opt-outs: certain advertising groups allow consumers to opt-out of receiving interest-based advertising from their respective members. you can use the links below to opt out. you will need to exercise these opt-outs on each browser on each device for which you wish to opt-out. digital advertising alliance opt-out network advertising initiative opt-out limit mobile device interest-based advertising: you can adjust your advertising preferences on mobile devices through your device settings: ios devices: go to settings > privacy > advertising (at the bottom of the screen) > turn on limit ad tracking android devices: go to google settings > ads > opt out of interest-based ads information for platform users from outside the united states the personal and non-personal information that we collect through or in connection with the platforms is transferred to and processed in the united states for the purposes described above. bark also may subcontract the processing of your data to, or otherwise share your data with, affiliates or third parties in the united states or countries other than your country of residence. the data-protection laws in these countries may be different from, and less stringent than, those in your country of residence. by using the platforms or by providing any personal or non-personal information to us, you expressly consent to such transfer and processing. children’s privacy the platforms are not directed to children under the age of 13, and bark will never knowingly collect personal or other information from anyone it knows is under the age of 13. persons over 13 but under 18 years of age may use the platforms only in conjunction with and under the supervision of a parent or legal guardian. changes to this policy we reserve the right to amend this policy at any time. we will post all changes to this policy on this website, so you should review the policy periodically. any such amendments to this policy may apply to information we collect in the future as well as any information we obtained prior to such amendment. if we make a material change to this policy, we will provide appropriate notice as required by law. how to contact us if you have any questions or comments regarding our policy, please contact us at: 221 canal street, floor 2new york, new york 10013phone: (833) 227-5686 or (833)-bar-k686e-mail: [email protected] effective date: january 1, 2020. our bark app about bark our story careers investors affiliate program contact us faqs our products follow us © 2021 barkbox. all rights reserved. privacy policy terms of service do not sell my personal info