来源URL: https://web.archive.org/web/20131231012936/http://www.bookbyte.com/help.aspx
================================================================================

help center | rent, buy, & sell textbooks faq | bookbyte return rental get special offers subscribe thanks for signing up! connect with us: 41.6k bookbyte rent textbooks buy textbooks sell textbooks help advanced search your account     ▼ account information email preferences my orders change your password < marketplace update marketplace info login cart email customer service  please let us know some information about your issue so we can help you quickly. our customer service department is open from 8:30 am-5:00 pm pst, monday through friday. if contacting us after hours, we will reply the following business day. first name* last name* email* this email was used on my orderthis email was not used on my orderi have not yet placed an order order number (optional) subject* please choose a category buying selling renting shipping other what can we help you with? please verify that you are a human submit fields marked with * are required. help center track your books order status bookbyte / help center welcome to the help center you'll find the answers to our most frequently asked questions here. please click the question below that best describes your inquiry. if you still need help, you will receive a prompt to contact customer service. you can find more answers in our help database. buying & rentingtextbooks how do i return my rented books? when are my textbooks due? how will i know when my rental return is processed? why am i being charged for not returning my textbook? can i cancel my order? where do i enter coupon codes? sellingtextbooks when will i get paid? why is my payment different than my quote? what textbooks can i sell? what is an isbn? how do i send my textbooks? how do i know what condition a textbook is in? additionalquestions why was my credit card declined? was my credit card charged twice? what is the student marketplace? what is an auxiliary warehouse? does my textbook have the access code/cd/workbook/etc. i need? am i ordering the annotated or instructor edition? how do i return my textbooks? when it's time to return your textbooks: (1) login to your account. (2) click the orange button that says "return my rental." (3) you'll automatically download a pdf of the shipping label. (4) print out the label, pack your textbooks tightly in a heavy-duty shipping box, and attach the label to the box. (you don't need to use the packaging we used to send you the textbooks.) (5) take your package to your nearest fedex location. *note: do not place your shipment in an express drop box or a self-serve kiosk. they do not support the shipping method used by our labels. this could delay your return and result in non-return charges. when are my textbooks due? can i keep them longer? to find out when to return your textbooks: (1) login to your account. (2) next to the textbooks you've rented, you'll see the words "due date" with the date the textbooks are due back to our warehouse. if you need to keep your rented textbook longer, we provide one-time 30- to 150-day extensions. to request one, either let us know through live chat or by emailing help@bookbyte.com. when we respond, we'll let you know the fee for the extended term and instructions for paying. how will i know when my rental return is processed? we'll send you a confirmation email once we issue your rebate. you can also check the status of the order by logging into my account. if the status says "satisfied," we've processed it and issued payment. if it says "shipped," the package is either still on its way or at bookbyte waiting to be processed. why am i being charged for not returning my textbook? if we haven't received a rented textbook 20 days after its due date and we haven't received any word from the customer, we'll consider that textbook unreturned. at this point, we'll charge the credit card used for the original transaction the cost of buying that textbook plus a $10 default fee. if you returned your rental and still receive a notification that we have not received it, there are a few possible explanations: (1) did you ship the textbooks using one of the labels we provide? (these can be downloaded and printed from the my account page.) if we received a textbook with another type of label, it is possible the order was processed as a sale instead of a returned rental. (2) did you drop the returned textbooks into an express drop box or self-serve kiosk instead of taking it to a fedex location? these do not support the shipping method used by our labels. this can result in extended delays before fedex can deliver the package. if you think you have received an outstanding rental notice in error, please let us know via live chat or email at help@bookbyte.com. when do i get my rebate? rebate payments are typically issued no more than two business days after we receive and re-enter the rental into our inventory. they are issued in the form of a check. please allow 3-7 business days for it to arrive via usps first class mail. can i cancel my order? if you need to cancel your order, contact our customer service via live chat or email at help@bookbyte.com. if we are not able to cancel the order before it ships, you have 14 days from the date you receive the textbook to return it for a refund of the purchase price. items ordered from an auxiliary warehouse or the student marketplace cannot be canceled prior to shipment due to how quickly the order files are processed. you are still welcome to return them within 14 days of receiving them. however, please be aware that student marketplace items should be returned to the original seller, not to us. where do i enter coupon codes? coupon codes can be entered in the cart, and in each stage of the checkout process until you place your order. simply type the code into the field labeled "have a promo code?", and click apply. what textbooks can i sell? here's a short list of the types of textbooks we accept: textbooks laboratory manuals study guides student solutions manuals working papers annotated instructor's editions instructor's editions free/complimentary copies loose-leaf editions international editions for laboratory manuals and study guides, please note that these will only be accepted if there is little to no writing and all pages are intact. instructor's editions, annotated instructor's editions, and free/complimentary copies contain multiple isbns. be sure to double-check that you have entered the correct isbn to receive an accurate quote. if you're ever uncertain if we are purchasing a book, simply enter the isbn into the "sell textbooks" box on our homepage to receive an up-to-date quote. the quote you receive is secured for 30 days after processing the order. what is an isbn? the isbn (international standard book number) is a 10- or 13-digit number located on the back of the book next to the barcode. if a sticker has been placed over the barcode, you can also find it on the title page or the copyright page. each book (and each edition of that book) will have a unique isbn number. how do i send my textbooks? to send your books to us: (1) enter the isbn in the "sell textbooks" box on our homepage to get a quote and create a selling order. (2) after completing the order, we will provide you with a pdf of your free shipping label. if you've already navigated away from the “order complete” page, don't worry. you can find the label again by logging in to your account page. simply hover over “options for this item” below the book you are selling and select “print shipping label” from the dropdown menu. the pdf of the free shipping label will automatically save to your downloads folder. (3) print out the label, pack your books tightly in a heavy-duty shipping box, and attach the label to the box. (4) take your package to your nearest usps or fedex location (depending on which type of shipping you selected). *note: do not place your shipment in an express drop box or a self-serve kiosk. they do not support the shipping method used by our labels. this could delay delivery longer than expected. (5) we recommend you purchase optional insurance when shipping your buyback to us via us postal service media mail. if your package is received damaged and books are missing, we will not be able to pay for any missing books. when will i get paid? after you send your books, here's what happens: (1) transit. transit times vary depending on the shipping option you choose. usps media mail takes 4-14 business days to reach our warehouse. fedex takes 3-5 business days. (2) processing. after the book is delivered, it takes us 3-5 business days for us to process the order. (3) payment. after we've processed your order, it usually takes 1-3 business days to issue the payment. if you are being paid via paypal, the money will appear in your account as soon as we issue payment. if you are being paid via check, we will send payment via usps first class mail. this usually takes 3-7 business days to arrive. please note that these are estimates only and cannot be guaranteed. during peak seasons, processing times may be longer. how do i know what condition a textbook is in? regardless of whether the textbook you are selling is in new or used condition, we offer the same quote. however, textbooks that have excessive writing, highlighting, and other markings; cover damage; multiple torn pages; odor; or severe staining are purchased at half the quoted price. textbooks with excessive writing and highlighting, missing or damaged covers, missing pages, excessive odor, obscured text, or stuck-together pages have no resale value and will be recycled if sent. why is my payment different than my quote? your quote may different from the payment you receive if: (1) one or more of your textbooks has been marked at a lower value due to its condition. for example, excessive writing, highlighting, and other markings; cover damage; torn pages; odor; or staining can all contribute toward a reduced quote. (2) one or more of the textbooks mentioned in your order are missing. if the books were not packaged in a sturdy enough container, it is possible the packaging can become damaged in transit and books will fall out. if this happens, please contact us through live chat or email at help@bookbyte.com and we'll advise you on filing a lost package claim with fedex or usps. (3) the isbn(s) entered on the order does not match the textbook(s) in the shipment. be sure to enter the isbns of your books accurately! some books may have the same title but are worth very different amounts if they are different editions. why was my credit card declined? if your card was declined, here are the two most likely reasons: (1) does the billing address and card security code you entered during checkout match precisely what your credit card company or bank has on file? (2) do you have insufficient funds or have you reached your credit limit? *note: if your card is declined, do not attempt to submit payment again without double-checking the above possible reasons. failed attempts may cause your bank or credit card company to put a temporary hold (for a 24-72 hour period) on the funds used for the transaction as a fraud protection measure. was my credit card charged twice? if your card was declined when submitting payment, it is possible you’ll see what appears to be a charge on your credit card statement. don’t panic! these aren’t actually charges and they aren’t being done by bookbyte. here’s what happened: the declined payment caused your bank or credit card company to create a temporary pending hold. this is a way for banks and credit card companies to secure an amount of money for a short period of time until they can verify (or not verify) a transaction. these holds last for 24-72 hours, after which time they’ll disappear altogether from your account statement. what is the student marketplace? the student marketplace is a way for independent third-party sellers to sell their textbooks directly to customers. it’s a way for us to provide a greater selection of books and to give students a way to sell their old books directly to one another. if you’d like to become a marketplace seller, simply send an email to help@bookbyte.com and we’ll guide you through the application process. for more detailed information on buying and selling through the student marketplace, please visit the student marketplace topic in our help database. *note: be aware that orders for items in the student marketplace are not shipped by bookbyte, and therefore we cannot provide tracking information. what is an auxiliary warehouse? to increase our available inventory, bookbyte partners with a number of other online booksellers to make our textbooks available through their sites and their books available through ours. an order shipped from an auxiliary warehouse is an order placed through our website that is fulfilled by one of these partner companies. does my textbook have the access code/cd/workbook/etc. i need? if you are ordering a new textbook, you can find out exactly what you’re getting by looking at the isbn (international standard book number). isbns identify not just unique books, but unique complete packages. in other words, the isbn for a textbook by itself is not the same as the isbn for a textbook that comes with an access code, workbook, or other supplement. if you are ordering a used textbook, the book may or may not include the supplements. be sure to check the comments on the copy you are ordering (and not just the title) to find out if the textbook you are ordering is missing the supplements you need. (for the used textbooks we are selling, click “(view details)” on the product page to see comments on specific copies. for the used books sold through the student marketplace, you can find the comments just to the right of the listing of the individual copy.) am i ordering the annotated or instructor edition? for our used purchases and rentals, we will sometimes list annotated or instructor’s editions along with the normal student copies. for purchases, be sure to click “(view details)” to see the information about the edition of the textbook you are ordering. for rentals, if no other student editions are available, we will sometimes send an instructor’s edition. keep in mind that the instructor’s edition will contain all the same content as the student’s edition. still need help? contact customer service here: chat email twitter other popular topics how much time do i have to send my books after i sell them? mail your package within 7 days of receiving your quote, otherwise we cannot guarantee the quoted price. your order will be canceled if we do not receive it within 30 days of placing your order. if your order arrives after 30 days, you will be paid the current sell price, which may or may not be the same as originally quoted. still need help? contact customer service here: chat email twitter can i send multiple rentals back in one box? do i need to print out a shipping label for each book? as long as the books are all on the same order, you can pack them all together in one box. you only need to print out and attach one shipping label to the box. still need help? contact customer service here: chat email twitter can i use my own shipping label? you can, but we recommend that you use the labels we provide. this is for two reasons: (1) our shipping labels are provided free of charge and (2) using your own label can slow down order processing and lead to delays. still need help? contact customer service here: chat email twitter how long will it take to get a refund? this could vary depending on the sort of shipping used to send the textbook back to us. once it arrives at our warehouse, it typically takes 3-5 business days for us to process the returned book. it then takes another 1-2 days for your financial institution to post the credit to your account. still need help? contact customer service here: chat email twitter what is your policy for returns and refunds? all our textbooks can be returned for any reason 14 days from the delivery date for a refund of the purchase price (not including shipping). if we have made a mistake, for example, sending you the wrong textbook, please let us know immediately through live chat or email at help@bookbyte.com. we will provide you with a full refund (or if you prefer, the correct book) and a shipping label to send the book back to us. here's how to return textbooks to us: 1. send	an email to help@bookbyte.com, including: your name your order number the sku number (found on a small white sticker on the textbook) for each book you are returning 2. package the textbooks and send them to us at: bookbyte returns 2800 pringle rd. se suite 100 salem, or 97302 we encourage you to send your return via a trackable method. if your refund has not been processed, we are still able to expedite it if you’re able to provide delivery confirmation that it has reached our warehouse. 3. wait to hear from us. we’ll send you a confirmation email after we’ve received your textbooks and issued the refund. *note: if you are returning items purchased through the student marketplace, please don’t send them back to us! we aren’t the original owners of those books, so we won’t be able to process a refund. please contact the seller of the book using the email provided in your order confirmation email or on your account page. still need help? contact customer service here: chat email twitter what do i do if i never got my textbook? 1. have you checked your tracking information yet? you can see your book’s current status either by: logging into your account and clicking the “track this item” button next to your book, or entering your order number in the "track my order" box on bookbyte.com. keep in mind that some sorts of orders (such as those placed through the student marketplace) do not provide tracking information. 2. does the tracking information indicate the textbook has already been delivered? if the information from usps or fedex indicates that the book has been delivered, but you cannot locate it, you should contact the delivery company for further information. they may be holding the package at a local facility. 3. for student marketplace orders, have you contacted the seller yet? student marketplace seller contact information is provided in your order confirmation email and on the my account page next to the items you’ve ordered from the marketplace. 4. if you are still unable to locate your textbook, please let us know through live chat or email at help@bookbyte.com and we will assist you further. still need help? contact customer service here: chat email twitter my order is over $49 why am i still being charged shipping? the free standard shipping promotion is only applicable to bookbyte inventory and items purchased from an auxiliary warehouse. we are not able to apply this promotion to items purchased from the student marketplace, since these items are mailed separately from independent sellers. still need help? contact customer service here: chat email twitter why did my order get canceled? sometimes when orders are being submitted simultaneously, an order may be placed for a textbook that runs out of stock only seconds before. this slight delay can also happen when ordering books from the student marketplace or one of our auxiliary warehouses. when this happens, your order is canceled and a full refund is immediately processed. note that, depending on your bank, it may take them 24-72 hours to post the credit to your account. still need help? contact customer service here: chat email twitter how do i contact a student marketplace seller? student marketplace seller contact information is provided in your order confirmation email and on the my account page next to the items you’ve ordered from the marketplace. if you're unable to resolve an issue with the seller, you may file a safe buy claim with us and we will resolve the issue or, at the very least, make sure you receive a full refund. still need help? contact customer service here: chat email twitter i'm still getting emails to return my rental after i shipped it back. everything should still be ok. our email notifications are automated and will continue to be sent until we've fully processed a returned rental. we'll send you a confirmation email after we've processed the return and issued your rebate. please note that we don't consider a rented book unreturned until 20 days after its due date, so if your book is going to be only a little bit late, there's no extra charge and no need to contact us. still need help? contact customer service here: chat email twitter i need my textbook as soon as possible, can i expedite the shipping? unfortunately, once an order has been placed and is in our fulfillment queue we are not able to modify the shipping method. all of the available shipping options are displayed during the checkout process. please contact us via live chat or email if you would like to cancel the order and replace it with a faster shipping method. still need help? contact customer service here: chat email twitter didn't find your question? check out our complete help database. quick help track books order status shipping rates return policy useful links affiliate program textbook subjects mobile sitemap information company policies cheap textbooks bookbyte blog contact us8:30 am-5:00 pm pst monday thru friday help center  /  the fastest way to get help! email  /  send your questions to help@bookbyte.com twitter  /  @bookbytehelp for order status updates walk-in  /  2800 pringle road se, salem, or 97302 © 1999-2013 bookbyte. privacy | terms of use subscribe