来源URL: https://web.archive.org/web/20141223205219/https://www.bookbyte.com/help.aspx
================================================================================

help center | rent, buy, & sell textbooks faq | bookbyte return my rental connect with us: 51.9k bookbyte rent textbooks buy textbooks sell textbooks help advanced search my account my orders sign in email customer service  please let us know some information about your issue so we can help you quickly. our customer service department is open from 8:30 am-5:00 pm pst, monday through friday. if contacting us after hours, we will reply the following business day. first name* last name* email* this email was used on my orderthis email was not used on my orderi have not yet placed an order order number (optional) subject* please choose a category buying selling renting shipping other what can we help you with? please verify that you are a human submit fields marked with * are required. help center track your books order status bookbyte /  help center browse topics renting textbooks faqs how it works returning your books shipping troubleshooting buying textbooks faqs placing an order shipping troubleshooting selling textbooks faqs how it works editions & supplements shipping troubleshooting student marketplace for students for sellers return policies shipping payment renting textbooks faqs how do i return my rented books? when it's time to return your books: (1)	sign in to your account. (2)	click the orange button that says "return my rental." (3)	you’ll automatically download a pdf of the shipping label. (4)	print out the label, pack your books tightly in a heavy-duty shipping box, and attach the label to the box. (you don’t need to use the packaging we used to send you the books.) (5) take your package to your nearest fedex location. *note: do not place your shipment in an express drop box or a self-serve kiosk. they do not support the shipping method used by our labels. this could delay your return and result in non-return charges. if the label generated indicates usps media mail, please contact us via chat or help@bookbyte.com so we can create the correct fedex label for your return. still need help? contact customer service here: chat email twitter how will i know when my rental return is processed? we'll send you a confirmation email once we issue your rebate. you can also check the status of the order by logging into my account. if the status says "satisfied," we've processed it and issued payment. if it says "shipped," the package is either still on its way or at bookbyte waiting to be processed. still need help? contact customer service here: chat email twitter can i send multiple rentals back in one box? as long as the books are all on the same order, you can pack them all together in one box. still need help? contact customer service here: chat email twitter if i’m sending multiple rentals back, do i need to print a shipping label for each book? you only need to print out and attach one shipping label to the box. still need help? contact customer service here: chat email twitter when are my textbooks due? to find out when to return your books: (1)	sign in in to your account. (2) next to the books you've rented, you'll see the words "due date" with the date the books are due back to our warehouse. still need help? contact customer service here: chat email twitter i'm still getting emails to return my rental after i shipped it back. everything should still be ok. our email notifications are automated and will continue to be sent until we've fully processed a returned rental. we'll send you a confirmation email after we've processed the return and issued your rebate. please note that we don't consider a rented book unreturned until 20 days after its due date, so if your book is going to be only a little bit late, there's no extra charge and no need to contact us. still need help? contact customer service here: chat email twitter why am i being charged for not returning my textbook? if we haven’t received a rented book 20 days after its due date and we haven’t received any word from the customer, we’ll consider that book unreturned. at this point, we’ll charge the credit card used for the original transaction the cost of buying that book plus a $10 default fee. if you returned your rental and still receive a notification that we have not received it, there are a few possible explanations: did you ship the books using one of the labels we provide? (these can be downloaded and printed from the your account page.) if we received a book with another type of label, it is possible the order was processed as a sale instead of a returned rental. did you drop the returned books into an express drop box or self-serve kiosk instead of taking it to a fedex location? these do not support the shipping method used by our labels. this can result in extended delays before fedex can deliver the package. if you think you have received an outstanding rental notice in error, please let us know via live chat or email at help@bookbyte.com. still need help? contact customer service here: chat email twitter how it works how does renting with bookbyte work? renting with bookbyte allows students to buy a textbook for a significantly lower price in exchange for promising to sell the books back when finished for a 10% rebate of the purchase price. to rent a book, simply search for the textbook you need, set the length of time you want to rent it, and add it to your cart. add whatever other rentals or purchases you’d like to your cart, click “check out,” and follow the steps from there. we’ll send you reminder emails as your due date approaches. when you’re ready to send it back, print your return label from the your account page, attach it to a sturdy box, put your textbook inside, and take it to your nearest fedex location. (please do not use fedex dropboxes. they can delay delivery.) after we receive and process your returned textbook, we’ll send you a check for 10% of your original rental price. still need help? contact customer service here: chat email twitter do coupon codes work for renting? yes, any coupon for buying textbooks works for renting too. still need help? contact customer service here: chat email twitter how do i use coupon codes? coupon codes can be entered in the cart, and in each stage of the checkout process until you place your order. simply type the code into the field labeled "have a promo code?", and click apply. still need help? contact customer service here: chat email twitter why don’t you accept paypal for rentals? unfortunately we only accept credit cards for rentals at this time. this is because, if a rented book is never returned, it is considered purchased. we then charge the card the difference between the list price and the rental price (plus a $10 default fee) to make up for the loss. still need help? contact customer service here: chat email twitter i live near salem, oregon. can i pick up my rental at your office? not for rentals. many of our rentals are shipped from other locations; so currently, the only way to rent textbooks through us is by placing an order through our site. still need help? contact customer service here: chat email twitter can i highlight or write in the book i rented? we try to keep our rented books in good shape so they can pass through the hands of as many students as possible, so here's how we treat markings: highlighting - highlighting is generally fine as long as it isn't too excessive.writing - we kindly ask that you refrain from writing in rented books. (but a few stray marks shouldn't be a problem.) if we receive a rental back in worse condition than it was sent, we will not send a rebate. if we receive a rental back that is damaged to the extent that we are no longer able to sell it, we will return the book to you and charge you the purchase cost. still need help? contact customer service here: chat email twitter how are rentals shipped? if you choose standard shipping, your textbook will be sent either via fedex smartpost or ups mail innovations. if you choose expedited shipping, they'll be shipped via ups ground, fedex ground, priority usps, ontrac or osm. when it’s time to return your rental, we’ll give you a free prepaid fedex ground label. still need help? contact customer service here: chat email twitter returning your books how do i return my textbooks? when it's time to return your books: (1)	sign in to your account. (2)	click the orange button that says "return my rental." (3)	you’ll automatically download a pdf of the shipping label. (4)	print out the label, pack your books tightly in a heavy-duty shipping box, and attach the label to the box. (you don’t need to use the packaging we used to send you the books.) (5) take your package to your nearest fedex location. *note: do not place your shipment in an express drop box or a self-serve kiosk. they do not support the shipping method used by our labels. this could delay your return and result in non-return charges. if the label generated indicates usps media mail, please contact us via chat or help@bookbyte.com so we can create the correct fedex label for your return. still need help? contact customer service here: chat email twitter when are my textbooks due? to find out when to return your books: (1)	sign in in to your account. (2) next to the books you've rented, you'll see the words "due date" with the date the books are due back to our warehouse. still need help? contact customer service here: chat email twitter can i get an extension on my due date? if you need to keep your rented book longer, we provide 30- to 150-day extensions. locate the rental order, select the "extend my rental" button, and the extension options will open in a new window. if you would like to charge the extension to a different credit card than the original transaction, please contact us via live chat or email. still need help? contact customer service here: chat email twitter when do i get my rebate? rebate payments are typically issued no more than two business days after we receive and re-enter the rental into our inventory. they are issued in the form of a check. please allow 3-7 business days for it to arrive via usps first class mail. still need help? contact customer service here: chat email twitter can i keep the textbook i rented permanently? yes. we'll charge the list price of the book minus what you’ve already paid to rent it, plus a $10 default fee. contact us through live chat or by emailing help@bookbyte.com. let us know the name of your book and your order number and we’ll send you instruction for paying. still need help? contact customer service here: chat email twitter can i send multiple rentals back in one box? as long as the books are all on the same order, you can pack them all together in one box. still need help? contact customer service here: chat email twitter if i’m sending multiple rentals back, do i need to print a shipping label for each book? you only need to print out and attach one shipping label to the box. still need help? contact customer service here: chat email twitter i'm still getting emails to return my rental after i shipped it back. everything should still be ok. our email notifications are automated and will continue to be sent until we've fully processed a returned rental. we'll send you a confirmation email after we've processed the return and issued your rebate. please note that we don't consider a rented book unreturned until 20 days after its due date, so if your book is going to be only a little bit late, there's no extra charge and no need to contact us. still need help? contact customer service here: chat email twitter what happens if i return a rental late? we don't consider a rented book unreturned until 20 days after its due date, so if your book is going to be only a little bit late, there's no extra charge. after 20 days, we will charge your credit card used the cost for buying the book plus a $10 default fee. if you need to keep your book longer, please log on to your account, locate the rental order, and click the “extend my rental” button. still need help? contact customer service here: chat email twitter how will i know when my rental return is processed? we'll send you a confirmation email once we issue your rebate. you can also check the status of the order by logging into my account. if the status says "satisfied," we've processed it and issued payment. if it says "shipped," the package is either still on its way or at bookbyte waiting to be processed. still need help? contact customer service here: chat email twitter shipping can i use my own shipping label? you can, but we recommend that you use the labels we provide. this is for two reasons: (1) our shipping labels are provided free of charge and (2) using your own label can slow down order processing and lead to delays. still need help? contact customer service here: chat email twitter troubleshooting can i cancel my order? if you need to cancel your order, contact our customer service via live chat or email at help@bookbyte.com. if we are not able to cancel the order before it ships, you have 14 days from the date you receive the book to return it for a refund of the purchase price. still need help? contact customer service here: chat email twitter why was my order canceled? sometimes when orders are being submitted simultaneously, an order may be placed for a textbook that runs out of stock only seconds before. this slight delay can also happen when ordering books from the student marketplace or one of our partner warehouses. when this happens, your order is canceled and a full refund is immediately processed. note that, depending on your bank, it may take them 24-72 hours to post the credit to your account. still need help? contact customer service here: chat email twitter i need an access code/cd/workbook/etc. with my textbook. does the book you're renting have it? unfortunately, we cannot guarantee that supplemental materials are available for rental items. still need help? contact customer service here: chat email twitter why am i being charged for not returning my textbook? if we haven’t received a rented book 20 days after its due date and we haven’t received any word from the customer, we’ll consider that book unreturned. at this point, we’ll charge the credit card used for the original transaction the cost of buying that book plus a $10 default fee. if you returned your rental and still receive a notification that we have not received it, there are a few possible explanations: did you ship the books using one of the labels we provide? (these can be downloaded and printed from the your account page.) if we received a book with another type of label, it is possible the order was processed as a sale instead of a returned rental. did you drop the returned books into an express drop box or self-serve kiosk instead of taking it to a fedex location? these do not support the shipping method used by our labels. this can result in extended delays before fedex can deliver the package. if you think you have received an outstanding rental notice in error, please let us know via live chat or email at help@bookbyte.com. still need help? contact customer service here: chat email twitter my books never arrived. what do i do? (1) have you checked your tracking information yet? you can see your book’s current status either by: logging into your account and clicking the “track this item” button next to your book, or entering your order number in the “track my order” box on bookbyte.com. (2) does the tracking information indicate the textbook has already been delivered? if the information from usps or fedex indicates that the book has been delivered, but you cannot locate it, you should contact the delivery company for further information. they may be holding the package at a local facility. (3) if you are still unable to locate your textbook, please let us know through live chat or email at help@bookbyte.com and we will assist you further. still need help? contact customer service here: chat email twitter am i ordering the annotated or instructor’s edition? for rentals, if no other student editions are available, we will sometimes send an instructor's edition. keep in mind that the instructor's edition will contain all the same content as the student's edition. still need help? contact customer service here: chat email twitter my order was over $49 — why am i still being charged shipping? the free standard shipping promotion is only applicable to bookbyte inventory and items purchased from a partner warehouse. we are not able to apply this promotion to items purchased from the student marketplace, since these items are mailed separately from independent sellers. limited to standard shipping only and expedited shipping is discounted. still need help? contact customer service here: chat email twitter buying textbooks faqs my order was over $49 — why am i still being charged shipping? the free standard shipping promotion is only applicable to bookbyte inventory and items purchased from a partner warehouse. we are not able to apply this promotion to items purchased from the student marketplace, since these items are mailed separately from independent sellers. limited to standard shipping only and expedited shipping is discounted. still need help? contact customer service here: chat email twitter can i cancel my order? if you need to cancel your order, contact our customer service via live chat or email at help@bookbyte.com. if we are not able to cancel the order before it ships, you have 14 days from the date you receive the book to return it for a refund of the purchase price. still need help? contact customer service here: chat email twitter why did my order get canceled? sometimes when orders are being submitted simultaneously, an order may be placed for a textbook that runs out of stock only seconds before. this slight delay can also happen when ordering books from the student marketplace or one of our partner warehouses. when this happens, your order is canceled and a full refund is immediately processed. note that, depending on your bank, it may take them 24-72 hours to post the credit to your account. still need help? contact customer service here: chat email twitter i need my textbook as soon as possible. can i expedite the shipping? unfortunately, once an order has been placed and is in our fulfillment queue we are not able to modify the shipping method. all of the available shipping options are displayed during the checkout process. please contact us via live chat or email if you would like to cancel the order and replace it with a faster shipping method. still need help? contact customer service here: chat email twitter what do i do if i never got my textbook? 1. have you checked your tracking information yet? you can see your book’s current status either by: logging into your account and clicking the “track this item” button next to your book, or entering your order number in the "track my order" box on bookbyte.com. keep in mind that some sorts of orders (such as those placed through the student marketplace) do not provide tracking information. 2. does the tracking information indicate the textbook has already been delivered? if the information from usps or fedex indicates that the book has been delivered, but you cannot locate it, you should contact the delivery company for further information. they may be holding the package at a local facility. 3. for student marketplace orders, have you contacted the seller yet? student marketplace seller contact information is provided in your order confirmation email and on the my account page next to the items you’ve ordered from the marketplace. 4. if you are still unable to locate your textbook, please let us know through live chat or email at help@bookbyte.com and we will assist you further. still need help? contact customer service here: chat email twitter placing an order what kind of payment do you accept? we accept visa, mastercard, american express, and discover credit/debit cards. we also accept paypal, but not for rentals. (for more information on why we do not accept paypal for rentals, click here.) still need help? contact customer service here: chat email twitter what exactly does new, like new, good used, used, acceptable, or damaged condition mean? new books have never been used and are in pristine condition. like new books have no signs of wear and tear, but have had a previous owner. good used books have minor wear and/or some markings. used books might have a moderately worn cover, some markings, and/or slight discoloration. acceptable books contain excessive writing, highlighting, or other markings; worn-out covers; a few loose or torn pages; and staining; but all pages are still legible. damaged books have writing, highlighting, or other markings on over 75% of the pages; a large portion of the front cover missing; numerous torn pages; excessive odor; obscured text; or stuck-together pages. still need help? contact customer service here: chat email twitter where can i enter my coupon code? coupon codes can be entered in the cart, and in each stage of the checkout process until you place your order. simply type the code into the field labeled "have a promo code?", and click apply. still need help? contact customer service here: chat email twitter i live near salem, oregon. can i pick up my textbook at your office? of course, there’s no reason to pay for shipping if you’re local. just select “warehouse pickup” as your shipping method. if it’s currently in our warehouse, it’ll be ready for pickup in 2 hours. if not, we’ll email you when it arrives and is ready for you to pick up. note that rentals are not available for warehouse pickup. still need help? contact customer service here: chat email twitter shipping what are my shipping options for buying a textbook? warehouse pickup (pick up at our office in salem) standard (7-10 business days) standard marketplace (4-14 business days) expedited (3-5 business days) 3-day service 2-day service next day service note that not all shipping options are available for every book, such as those sent through the student marketplace or from partner warehouses. still need help? contact customer service here: chat email twitter how much will shipping cost? if your order is over $49 (not including items from the student marketplace), standard shipping is free and expedited shipping is discounted. refer to the chart below for prices and delivery times. note that delivery times are measured from the date the order is shipped, which may or may not be the same day the order was placed. most purchase and rental orders that are received by 7:30am pst are shipped the same business day. orders received after 7:30am pst are shipped no later than the next business day. all shipping times are estimates only-and cannot be guaranteed as they are subject to courier performance and can vary by location, inclement weather, and other outside factors. for orders under $49 method price delivery time standard $3.65 per book 7-10 business days expedited $5.95 per book 3-5 business days 3 day service $12.00 per book 3 business days 2 day service $15.00 per book 2 business days 1 day service $35.00 per book 1 business days marketplace: standard $3.65 per book 4-14 business days marketplace: expedited $5.95 per book 3-5 business days partner warehouse: standard $3.65 per book 4-14 business days partner warehouse: expedited $8.95 per book 3-5 business days orders shipped to canada $11.00 per book 7-14 business days (extra time due to customs delays) for orders over $49 method price delivery time standard free 7-10 business days expedited $2.00 per book 3-5 business days 3 day service $5.00 per book 3 business days 2 day service $8.00 per book 2 business days 1 day service $15.00 per book 1 business days marketplace: standard $3.65 per book 4-14 business days marketplace: expedited $5.95 per book 3-5 business days partner warehouse: standard free 4-14 business days partner warehouse: expedited $2.00 per book 3-5 business days orders shipped to canada $11.00 per book 7-14 business days (extra time due to customs delays) still need help? contact customer service here: chat email twitter when will my order ship? orders received by 7:30am pst monday through friday are usually shipped the same day. orders received after 7:30am are usually shipped the next business days. orders from the student marketplace are shipped 2 business days after the seller confirms the order. still need help? contact customer service here: chat email twitter can i track my order? absolutely. there are two different ways: (1) log onto your account page and click “track this item” next to the textbook you’re looking for. (2) enter your order number into the “track my order” box on our home page. keep in mind that some types of orders (such as international orders and many of those placed through the student marketplace) will not have available tracking information. customers buying from the marketplace should contact their seller for current tracking information. still need help? contact customer service here: chat email twitter how will i know if and when my order has been shipped? you will receive an email from us once your order ships. if you purchased an order through the student marketplace, you will receive an email from us as soon as the seller confirms the order. if they fail to confirm the order within 3 business days, the order will automatically be cancelled and the original credit card transaction voided, or paypal account refunded. still need help? contact customer service here: chat email twitter i need my textbook as soon as possible. can i expedite the shipping? click here for a full list of our shipping options. please be aware that not all options are available for every book.. unfortunately, once an order has been placed and is in our fulfillment queue we are not able to modify the shipping method. all of the available shipping options are displayed during the checkout process. please contact us via live chat or email if you would like to cancel the order and replace it with a faster shipping method. still need help? contact customer service here: chat email twitter troubleshooting what is the student marketplace? the student marketplace is a way for independent third-party sellers to sell their textbooks directly to customers. it’s a way for us to provide a greater selection of books and to give students a way to sell their old books directly to one another. if you'd like to become a marketplace seller, please review our marketplace seller policies. if you do not yet have a customer account, create yourself one here. if you already have an account, simply log into your account dashboard. you’ll see a link at the bottom of the left-hand navigation that says "marketplace dashboard." click here. if you aren’t yet a seller, you’ll be taken to an application form. if you are, you’ll be taken to your marketplace seller dashboard. if you have additional questions or concerns, please contact our marketplace coordinator, tina workman, at tworkman@bookbyte.com. still need help? contact customer service here: chat email twitter what are partner warehouses? to increase our available inventory, bookbyte partners with a number of other online booksellers to make our textbooks available through their sites and their books available through ours. an order shipped from a partner warehouse is an order placed through our website that is fulfilled by one of these partner companies. still need help? contact customer service here: chat email twitter does my textbook have the access code/cd/workbook/etc. i need? if you are ordering a new textbook, you can find out exactly what you’re getting by looking at the isbn (international standard book number). isbns identify not just unique books, but unique complete packages. in other words, the isbn for a textbook by itself is not the same as the isbn for a textbook that comes with an access code, workbook, or other supplement. if you are ordering a used textbook, the book may or may not include the supplements. be sure to check the comments on the copy you are ordering (and not just the title) to find out if the textbook you are ordering is missing the supplements you need. (for the used textbooks we are selling, click “(view details)” on the product page to see comments on specific copies. for the used books sold through the student marketplace, you can find the comments just to the right of the listing of the individual copy.) still need help? contact customer service here: chat email twitter am i ordering the annotated or instructor edition? for rentals, if no other student editions are available, we will sometimes send an alternate edition. keep in mind that while the alternate edition will contain all the same content as the student's edition, the alternate edition may sometimes contain slightly different language, cover art, or other regional variations. still need help? contact customer service here: chat email twitter my textbooks never arrived. what do i do? (1) have you checked your tracking information yet? you can see your book’s current status either by: logging into your account and clicking the “track this item” button next to your book, or entering your order number in the “track my order” box on bookbyte.com. keep in mind that some types of orders (such as international orders and many of those placed through the student marketplace) will not have available tracking information. (2) does the tracking information indicate the textbook has already been delivered? if the information from usps or fedex indicates that the book has been delivered, but you cannot locate it, you should contact the delivery company for further information. they may be holding the package at a local facility. (3) for student marketplace orders, have you contacted the seller yet? student marketplace seller contact information is provided in your order confirmation email and on your account page next to the items you’ve ordered from the marketplace. (4) if you are still unable to locate your textbook, please let us know through live chat or email at help@bookbyte.com and we will assist you further. still need help? contact customer service here: chat email twitter why was my order canceled? sometimes when orders are being submitted simultaneously, an order may be placed for a textbook that runs out of stock only seconds before. this slight delay can also happen when ordering books from the student marketplace or one of our partner warehouses. when this happens, your order is canceled and a full refund is immediately processed. note that, depending on your bank, it may take 24-72 hours to post the credit to your account. still need help? contact customer service here: chat email twitter my order was over $49 — why am i still being charged shipping? the free standard shipping promotion is only applicable to bookbyte inventory and items purchased from a partner warehouse. we are not able to apply this promotion to items purchased from the student marketplace, since these items are mailed separately from independent sellers. limited to standard shipping only and expedited shipping is discounted. still need help? contact customer service here: chat email twitter selling textbooks faqs when will i get paid? after you send your books, here’s what happens: (1) transit. transit times vary depending on the shipping option you choose. usps media mail takes 4-14 business days to reach our warehouse. fedex takes 3-5 business days. (2) processing. after the book is delivered, it takes us 3-5 business days for us to process the order. (3) payment. after we’ve processed your order, it usually takes us an additional business day to issue the payment. if you are being paid via paypal, the money will appear in your account as soon as we issue payment. if you are being paid via check, we will send payment via usps first class mail. this usually takes 3-7 business days to arrive. please note that checks are issued to the shipping name and address on your account profile at the time the check is generated. make sure to regularly update your account information, as we are not liable for checks sent to the wrong address. please note that these are estimates only and cannot be guaranteed. during peak seasons, processing times may be longer. still need help? contact customer service here: chat email twitter how do i send my textbook? (1) enter the isbn in the “sell textbooks” box on our homepage to get a quote and create a selling order. (2) after completing the order, we will provide you with a pdf of your free shipping label. if you’ve already navigated away from the “order complete” page, don’t worry. you can find the label again by logging in to your account page. simply hover over “options for this item” below the book you are selling and select “print shipping label” from the dropdown menu. the pdf of the free shipping label will automatically save to your downloads folder. (3) print out the label, pack your books tightly in a heavy-duty shipping box, and attach the label to the box. additionally, we recommend including a print-out of your order information as a packing slip. this can increase the chances of retrieval if a package is damaged in transit. (4) take your package to your nearest usps or fedex location (depending on which type of shipping you selected). *note: do not place your shipment in an express drop box or a self-serve kiosk. they do not support the shipping method used by our labels. this could delay delivery longer than expected. (5) we recommend you purchase optional insurance when shipping your buyback to us via us postal service media mail. if your package is received damaged and books are missing, we will not be able to pay for any missing books. still need help? contact customer service here: chat email twitter how do i know what condition a textbook is in? regardless of whether the textbook you are selling is in new or used condition, we offer the same quote. however, textbooks that have excessive writing, highlighting, and other markings; cover damage; multiple torn pages; odor; or severe staining are purchased at half the quoted price. textbooks with excessive writing and highlighting, missing or damaged covers, missing pages, excessive odor, obscured text, or stuck-together pages have no resale value and will be recycled if sent. still need help? contact customer service here: chat email twitter why is my payment different than my quote? your quote may different from the payment you receive if: (1) one or more of your textbooks has been marked at a lower value due to its condition. for example, excessive writing, highlighting, and other markings; cover damage; torn pages; odor; or severe staining can all contribute toward a reduced quote. (2) one or more of the textbooks mentioned in your order are missing. if the books were not packaged in a sturdy enough container, it is possible the packaging can become damaged in transit and books will fall out. if this happens, please contact us through live chat or email at help@bookbyte.com and we’ll advise you on filing a lost package claim with fedex or usps. (3) the isbn(s) entered on the order does not match the textbook(s) in the shipment. be sure to enter the isbns of your books accurately! some books may have the same title but are worth very different amounts if they are different editions. still need help? contact customer service here: chat email twitter how much time do i have to send my books after i sell them? mail your package within 7 days of receiving your quote, otherwise we cannot guarantee the quoted price. your order will be canceled if we do not receive it within 30 days of placing your order. if your order arrives after 30 days, you will be paid the current sell price, which may or may not be the same as originally quoted. still need help? contact customer service here: chat email twitter what textbooks can i sell? here’s a short list of the types of books we accept: textbooks laboratory manuals study guides student solutions manuals working papers annotated instructor's editions instructor's editions free/complimentary copies loose-leaf editions international editions for laboratory manuals and study guides, please note that these will only be accepted if there is little to no writing and all pages are intact. instructor’s editions, annotated instructor’s editions, and free/complimentary copies contain multiple isbns. be sure to double-check on the book's title page that you have entered the correct isbn to receive an accurate quote. if you’re ever uncertain if we are purchasing a book, simply enter the isbn into the “sell textbooks” box on our homepage to receive an up-to-date quote. the quote you receive is secured for 30 days after processing the order. still need help? contact customer service here: chat email twitter how it works what textbooks can i sell? here’s a short list of the types of books we accept: textbooks laboratory manuals study guides student solutions manuals working papers annotated instructor's editions instructor's editions free/complimentary copies loose-leaf editions international editions for laboratory manuals and study guides, please note that these will only be accepted if there is little to no writing and all pages are intact. instructor’s editions, annotated instructor’s editions, and free/complimentary copies contain multiple isbns. be sure to double-check on the book's title page that you have entered the correct isbn to receive an accurate quote. if you’re ever uncertain if we are purchasing a book, simply enter the isbn into the “sell textbooks” box on our homepage to receive an up-to-date quote. the quote you receive is secured for 30 days after processing the order. still need help? contact customer service here: chat email twitter what is an isbn? the isbn (international standard book number) is a 10- or 13-digit number located on the back of the book next to the barcode. if a sticker has been placed over the barcode, you can also find it on the title page or the copyright page. each book (and each edition of that book) will have a unique isbn number. still need help? contact customer service here: chat email twitter how do i send my textbook? (1) enter the isbn in the “sell textbooks” box on our homepage to get a quote and create a selling order. (2) after completing the order, we will provide you with a pdf of your free shipping label. if you’ve already navigated away from the “order complete” page, don’t worry. you can find the label again by logging in to your account page. simply hover over “options for this item” below the book you are selling and select “print shipping label” from the dropdown menu. the pdf of the free shipping label will automatically save to your downloads folder. (3) print out the label, pack your books tightly in a heavy-duty shipping box, and attach the label to the box. additionally, we recommend including a print-out of your order information as a packing slip. this can increase the chances of retrieval if a package is damaged in transit. (4) take your package to your nearest usps or fedex location (depending on which type of shipping you selected). *note: do not place your shipment in an express drop box or a self-serve kiosk. they do not support the shipping method used by our labels. this could delay delivery longer than expected. (5) we recommend you purchase optional insurance when shipping your buyback to us via us postal service media mail. if your package is received damaged and books are missing, we will not be able to pay for any missing books. still need help? contact customer service here: chat email twitter my book is kind of beat up. will the condition affect how much it is worth? regardless of whether the textbook you are selling is in new or used condition, we offer the same quote. however, textbooks that have minor staining, wrinkled pages, writing or highlighting covering 25% or more of the pages inside, or five or fewer torn pages are purchased at half the quoted price. textbooks with excessive writing and highlighting, missing or damaged covers, missing pages, excessive odor, obscured text, or stuck-together pages have no resale value and will be recycled if sent. still need help? contact customer service here: chat email twitter how will i get paid? we can either mail you a check or deposit the funds into your paypal account, your choice. still need help? contact customer service here: chat email twitter when will i get paid? after you send your books, here’s what happens: (1) transit. transit times vary depending on the shipping option you choose. usps media mail takes 4-14 business days to reach our warehouse. fedex takes 3-5 business days. (2) processing. after the book is delivered, it takes us 3-5 business days for us to process the order. (3) payment. after we’ve processed your order, it usually takes us an additional business day to issue the payment. if you are being paid via paypal, the money will appear in your account as soon as we issue payment. if you are being paid via check, we will send payment via usps first class mail. this usually takes 3-7 business days to arrive. please note that checks are issued to the shipping name and address on your account profile at the time the check is generated. make sure to regularly update your account information, as we are not liable for checks sent to the wrong address. please note that these are estimates only and cannot be guaranteed. during peak seasons, processing times may be longer. still need help? contact customer service here: chat email twitter alternate editions and supplements can i sell instructor’s editions, annotated instructor’s editions, free, or complimentary editions? usually yes, but these are worth a different amount than the regular edition. all alternate editions will have two isbns printed on them: one for the student edition and one for the alternate edition. it is sometimes difficult to tell which isbn is the correct one if looking at the back cover, so we recommend checking the book’s title page for the correct isbn. be sure to pay close attention to the title and description of the item in your cart when selling, to make sure it matches up with the textbook you are selling. still need help? contact customer service here: chat email twitter can i sell study guides and laboratory manuals? these are acceptable if there is little to no writing inside and all pages are intact. still need help? contact customer service here: chat email twitter my textbook is missing a supplement (like an access card, a cd, or a workbook). can i still sell it? these supplements are considered part of the complete package indicated by your isbn. therefore, if any of these supplements are missing, you may be paid less than the quoted amount. still need help? contact customer service here: chat email twitter shipping do i pay to ship the textbooks i’m selling to you? no. we'll provide you with a free shipping label after you complete the "sell textbooks" order. however, the total sell value of the books must be at least $10 to create the order. unfortunately, we are not able to provide prepaid labels for shipments from canada. the shipping would be at your expense and not reimbursable. still need help? contact customer service here: chat email twitter how should i package the textbooks? pack your textbooks tightly into a heavy-duty shipping container. to minimize damage to your packaging, we recommend laying the books flat, instead of standing them upright. secure all openings with packing tape. if you need to fill empty space in the box to keep the textbook from banging around, we suggest bubble wrap instead of newspaper. (newspaper can leave smudges on the book.) do not use packing peanuts. keep in mind that we don’t automatically insure our packages. take care to package your books properly and, if necessary, to insure the package with the post office. we cannot pay for books that are lost or damaged before they reach us. we recommend including a print-out of your order information as a packing slip with your order. this will increase the chances that the courier will be able to retrieve the contents of your package if it is damaged in transit. still need help? contact customer service here: chat email twitter can i use my own shipping label? you can, but we recommend that you use the labels we provide. this is for two reasons (1) our shipping labels are provided free of charge and (2) using your own label can slow down order processing and lead to delays. still need help? contact customer service here: chat email twitter how much time do i have to send my books after i sell them? mail your package within 7 days of receiving your quote, otherwise we cannot guarantee the quoted price. your order will be canceled if we do not receive it within 30 days of placing your order. if your order arrives after 30 days, you will be paid the current sell price, which may or may not be the same as originally quoted. still need help? contact customer service here: chat email twitter troubleshooting why is my payment different than my quote? your quote may different from the payment you receive if: (1) one or more of your textbooks has been marked at a lower value due to its condition. for example, excessive writing, highlighting, and other markings; cover damage; torn pages; odor; or severe staining can all contribute toward a reduced quote. (2) one or more of the textbooks mentioned in your order are missing. if the books were not packaged in a sturdy enough container, it is possible the packaging can become damaged in transit and books will fall out. if this happens, please contact us through live chat or email at help@bookbyte.com and we’ll advise you on filing a lost package claim with fedex or usps. (3) the isbn(s) entered on the order does not match the textbook(s) in the shipment. be sure to enter the isbns of your books accurately! some books may have the same title but are worth very different amounts if they are different editions. still need help? contact customer service here: chat email twitter i changed my mind and want my books back. could you return them? no. books sent to us that we cannot use are either recycled or donated. still need help? contact customer service here: chat email twitter you never received the textbooks i sold. what happened? did you use one of our prepaid labels? if not, we cannot track the package. it is possible, then, that the book was sent to the wrong location or is still being held at a location post office. if we never received your textbooks, please contact usps or fedex to locate the package. unfortunately, we cannot pay for books we do not receive. still need help? contact customer service here: chat email twitter my textbook isn't listed on your site. can i send it anyways? please only send books that we give a quote for. books not listed on our site are of no value to us and will be recycled or donated. still need help? contact customer service here: chat email twitter can i sell more than one book on one order? yes. in fact, please do! you may enter multiple isbns on the sell books page. however if you submit multiple orders with large quantities of low-value books, we reserve the right to return them to you at our expense. still need help? contact customer service here: chat email twitter when do you not purchase a book? it was illegally obtained or printed bookbyte reserves the right to inquire where items were originally acquired and request proof of ownership while an account is under investigation, payment may be delayed or withheld any items submitted to bookbyte.com that were illegally obtained will be returned to their rightful owner or surrendered to the proper authorities still need help? contact customer service here: chat email twitter i just found a check i forgot to cash, how long are they valid? our checks are valid for 90 days. if your check has expired, please send it to bookbyte customer experience, 2800 pringle rd se, suite 100, salem, or 97302. include a note indicating the reason for return and we'll get a new check sent out to you as soon as possible. still need help? contact customer service here: chat email twitter student marketplace for students what is the student marketplace? the student marketplace is a way for independent third-party sellers to sell their textbooks directly to customers. it’s a way for us to provide a greater selection of books and to give students a way to sell their old books directly to one another. still need help? contact customer service here: chat email twitter how do i contact a student marketplace seller? student marketplace seller contact information is provided in your order confirmation email and on your account page next to the items you’ve ordered from the marketplace. still need help? contact customer service here: chat email twitter i never received my order from the student marketplace. what do i do? contact the seller. (you can find the seller’s email address in your order confirmation email and on your account page.) if you’re unable to resolve an issue with the seller, you may file a safe-buy claim with us and we will resolve the issue or, at the very least, make sure you receive a full refund. still need help? contact customer service here: chat email twitter how do i return an item purchased through the student marketplace? the return policy is the same with the marketplace as for normal purchases, except for one detail: returned textbooks should go back to the seller, not to bookbyte. buyers must contact the individual seller for a return address. otherwise, customers have 14 days from the delivery date to return a book for any reason. if the book is being returned due to seller error, the seller should provide a prepaid shipping label to the buyer. for all other returns, the buyer is responsible for shipping. some sellers may not accept returns. this information must be included in the product listing by the seller. items with this warning should be purchased at the buyer’s discretion. still need help? contact customer service here: chat email twitter are items purchased through the marketplace protected by bookbyte’s guarantees? the student marketplace is designed to facilitate buying and selling between third parties. officially, bookbyte is not a party to these transactions. any issues that may arise should be settled between the buyer and seller. however, student marketplace purchases are protected by a safe-buy claim. if a customer is unable to resolve an issue with a seller, bookbyte will refund the customer’s purchase up to $100. (no more than $300 lifetime liability per buyer.) still need help? contact customer service here: chat email twitter why can’t i track my order? textbooks from the student marketplace are shipped by their independent sellers, not by bookbyte, and therefore we are not always able to provide tracking information. still need help? contact customer service here: chat email twitter my order was over $49 — why am i still being charged shipping? the free standard shipping promotion is only applicable to bookbyte inventory and items purchased from a partner warehouse. we are not able to apply this promotion to items purchased from the student marketplace, since these items are mailed separately from independent sellers. limited to standard shipping only and expedited shipping is discounted. still need help? contact customer service here: chat email twitter does the marketplace seller store my payment information? no. we never release any payment information, so marketplace sellers will never see it. still need help? contact customer service here: chat email twitter for sellers account setup what is the student marketplace? the student marketplace is a way for independent third-party sellers to sell their textbooks directly to customers. it’s a way for us to provide a greater selection of books and to give students a way to sell their old books directly to one another. still need help? contact customer service here: chat email twitter how can i become a marketplace seller? before you become a marketplace seller, please review our marketplace seller policies. if you do not yet have a customer account, create yourself one here. if you already have an account, simply log into your account dashboard. you’ll see a link at the bottom of the left-hand navigation that says “marketplace dashboard.” click here. if you aren’t yet a seller, you’ll be taken to an application form. if you are, you’ll be taken to your marketplace seller dashboard. still need help? contact customer service here: chat email twitter what are my responsibilities as a seller? as a marketplace seller, it is your responsibility to: (1) make sure all shipping, billing, and contact information is up-to-date and accurate at all times. (2) make sure all inventory listing information is up-to-date and accurate. (3) provide accurate descriptions of the content, condition, and edition of all items listed. (4) respond in a timely manner (2 business days maximum) to all customer correspondence. (5) confirm orders and ship them to buyers in a timely manner (3 business days maximum). (6) ship orders via the method the buyer requested. (7) refund the buyer for any returns, or, if you do not accept returns, clearly state this information in the item listing. for more information being a marketplace seller, please review our marketplace seller policies. still need help? contact customer service here: chat email twitter what is the difference between individual sellers and volume sellers? when you sign up as a bookbyte marketplace seller, you can choose from two seller types: volume seller or individual seller. for the customer, there is no distinction between the two. we do not mark or rank individual listings and volume listings differently. for both types of sellers, we charge no listing fees but charge a 15% commission on the purchase price of each sold item. there is no limit on number of listings for either type of seller. here’s how they differ: individual sellers$0.75 transaction fee for each sold itemitem listings expire after 90 days volume sellersno transaction feesitem limits never expireitems can be listed using our volume upload toolslive technical support still need help? contact customer service here: chat email twitter how do i upgrade from an individual seller to a volume seller? even if you’ve already created your account, you can still change your seller type. log onto your seller dashboard and click “update information.” then check the box next to “volume seller.” if you are a volume seller and wish to downgrade to an individual seller, please contact customerservice@bookbyte.com. still need help? contact customer service here: chat email twitter how do i close my seller account? write to us at customerservice@bookbyte.com and we’ll close the account for you. still need help? contact customer service here: chat email twitter is my privacy protected? absolutely. we treat all of your information as 100% confidential and protect it with top-of-the-line security measures. still need help? contact customer service here: chat email twitter product listing how do i list an item for sale? if you are an individual seller: log on to your account page. click “marketplace dashboard.” using the left-hand navigation, click “list single items.” enter the isbn of the item you wish to list. follow the remaining instructions on the page and click “submit” once finished. if you are a volume seller, you can either list items one-by-one, using the method described above, or you can user our volume upload tools, available from the left-hand navigation on the marketplace dashboard. our standard upload format is comma-separated (.csv), but we can also accommodate standard, tab-delimited, and uiee formats for homebase and amazon. if you use another format, please let us know and we’ll look at the possibility of expanding our file upload options. still need help? contact customer service here: chat email twitter are there any restrictions on what i can sell? you may not list the following items: (1) international editions (2) ebooks (including pdfs) (3) opened or used access codes (these must be sent in the book’s packaging, not emailed.) (4) books shipped from outside the united states (5) illegally imported books (6) books with missing pages (7) books with mold, strong odors, dark stains, or obscured text (8) pornography or graphic/offensive material (9) unauthorized reprints (such as photocopies) (10) counterfeit, stolen, illegal, or fraudulent items (11) defamatory, libelous, or unlawfully threatening or harassing items bookbyte reserves the right to judge a listing as inappropriate for any reason. any items sold that violate any of the above restrictions will be returned to the seller at the seller’s expense. still need help? contact customer service here: chat email twitter how do i know if my item sells? we will send you an order notification email. you have 3 business days from the time the order is placed to ship and confirm the order. you can also check the status of your pending orders by logging into your seller account. still need help? contact customer service here: chat email twitter how and when do i get paid? when an order you’ve posted to the student marketplace is purchased, you will receive an order notification. after you ship the item, confirm the order from your seller account on our site. payment is issued to sellers via direct deposit (ach) on the 1st and the 15th of each month. depending on bank policy, the deposit may take a few days to show up in your account. each payment accounts for the amount you’ve earned during the previous two week period. for example, if you sell an item between january 1st and january 15th, you will receive the money owed for that transaction on february 1st. still need help? contact customer service here: chat email twitter why isn’t my item or inventory showing up in the marketplace? there are a few possibilities: has the book been purchased? click on marketplace dashboard from my account page for an up-to-date status on your listings. was there an error during your last listing upload? be sure to double-check your upload status. has your listing expired? individual sellers have a 90-day limit on listings. we send reminder emails one week before expiration as a reminder to relist. if the book is not relisted, it is removed. did the listing confirm to our guidelines? an unacceptable listing might include profanity or contact information (e.g., website address or phone number). has your seller account been suspended? here are some possible reasons for suspension: poor feedback rating poor feedback rating invalid seller contact information provided if you still cannot determine why your listing was removed, please contact us as customerservice@bookbyte.com. still need help? contact customer service here: chat email twitter what are the fees for listing my items? there are no listing fees, whether you’re an individual seller or a volume seller. however, we charge a 15% commission on the purchase price of each book sold. individual sellers are additionally charged a $0.75 transaction fee for each book sold. still need help? contact customer service here: chat email twitter fulfillment & feedback do i need to accept returns? we strongly encourage our sellers to establish a return policy of some kind, but it is not required. however, if you do not accept returns, this information must be stated clearly in the item description. this is to keep our buyers better informed. still need help? contact customer service here: chat email twitter what should i do if there is a safe-buy claim made against me? once a buyer submits a safe-buy claim, the funds for that sale are put on hold until the claim is investigated and resolved. both buyer and seller will receive an email notification explaining the claim process. during the investigation, we may contact either you or the buyer for additional information regarding the item or its shipment. if possible, we encourage buyers and sellers to try to resolve the issue themselves, since that is usually much faster! in case of an item is materially different than advertised claim, the investigation begins immediately. in case of a failure to deliver claim, the investigation will begin after 30 days from the seller’s confirmation date. in these cases, it is the seller’s responsibility to provide a tracking number and proof of delivery. after the investigation is resolved, the held funds will either be released to you or refunded to the buyer accordingly. still need help? contact customer service here: chat email twitter return policy how long will it take to get a refund? this depends on the nature of the refund. returned items will not be refunded until they are shipped back to their seller. we normally issue this refund one business day after the seller confirms the item has been returned. customers buying from the student marketplace will not be charged until the seller confirms the order. therefore if you receive a notification that your student marketplace order is out of stock, there will be no refund since there was no original charge if you placed the order using a credit card. if you paid via paypal, you will receive a refund via that method. still need help? contact customer service here: chat email twitter what is your policy for returns and refunds? all our textbooks can be returned for any reason 14 days from the delivery date for a refund of the purchase price (not including shipping). if we have made a mistake, for example, sending you the wrong textbook, please let us know immediately through live chat or email at help@bookbyte.com. we will provide you with a full refund (or if you prefer, the correct book) and a shipping label to send the book back to us. still need help? contact customer service here: chat email twitter how do i make a return? 1.	package the textbooks and send them to us at: bookbyte returns 2800 pringle rd. se suite 100 salem, or 97302 we encourage you to send your return via a trackable method. if your refund has not been processed, we are still able to expedite it if you’re able to provide delivery confirmation that it has reached our warehouse. 3.	wait to hear from us. we’ll send you a confirmation email after we’ve received your textbooks and issued the refund. still need help? contact customer service here: chat email twitter what is your policy for returns and refunds for items purchased through the student marketplace? the return policy is the same with the marketplace as for normal purchases, except for one detail: returned textbooks should go back to the seller, not to bookbyte. buyers must contact the individual seller for a return address. otherwise, customers have 14 days from the delivery date to return a book for any reason. some sellers may not accept returns. this information must be included in the product listing by the seller. items with this warning should be purchased at the buyer’s discretion. still need help? contact customer service here: chat email twitter how do i return an item purchased through the student marketplace? first, contact the seller for return instructions and an address. if the book is being returned due to seller error, the seller should provide you with a prepaid shipping label. if the book is being returned for any other reason, you will need to pay for shipping. package up the book and send it back to the seller. we will refund you once we can confirm the book has been delivered back to the seller. if the seller will not provide you with a return address or shipping label, please contact us through live chat or by emailing help@bookbyte.com and we will help resolve the issue. still need help? contact customer service here: chat email twitter shipping what does shipping cost? if your order is over $49 (not including items from the student marketplace), standard shipping is free and expedited shipping is discounted. refer to the chart below for prices and delivery times. for orders under $49 method price delivery time standard $3.65 per book 7-10 business days expedited $5.95 per book 3-5 business days 3 day service $12.00 per book 3 business days 2 day service $15.00 per book 2 business days 1 day service $35.00 per book 1 business days marketplace: standard $3.65 per book 4-14 business days marketplace: expedited $5.95 per book 3-5 business days partner warehouse: standard $3.65 per book 4-14 business days partner warehouse: expedited $8.95 per book 3-5 business days orders shipped to canada $11.00 per book 7-14 business days (extra time due to customs delays) for orders over $49 method price delivery time standard free 7-10 business days expedited $2.00 per book 3-5 business days 3 day service $5.00 per book 3 business days 2 day service $8.00 per book 2 business days 1 day service $15.00 per book 1 business days marketplace: standard $3.65 per book 4-14 business days marketplace: expedited $5.95 per book 3-5 business days partner warehouse: standard free 4-14 business days partner warehouse: expedited $2.00 per book 3-5 business days orders shipped to canada $11.00 per book 7-14 business days (extra time due to customs delays) still need help? contact customer service here: chat email twitter how long does shipping take? please refer to the chart below for prices and delivery times. note that delivery times are measured from the date the order is shipped, which may or may not be the same day the order was placed. most purchase and rental orders that are received by 7:30am pst are shipped the same business day. orders received after 7:30am pst are shipped no later than the next business day. all shipping times are estimates only-and cannot be guaranteed as they are subject to courier performance and can vary by location, inclement weather, and other outside factors. for orders under $49 method price delivery time standard $3.65 per book 7-10 business days expedited $5.95 per book 3-5 business days 3 day service $12.00 per book 3 business days 2 day service $15.00 per book 2 business days 1 day service $35.00 per book 1 business days marketplace: standard $3.65 per book 4-14 business days marketplace: expedited $5.95 per book 3-5 business days partner warehouse: standard $3.65 per book 4-14 business days partner warehouse: expedited $8.95 per book 3-5 business days orders shipped to canada $11.00 per book 7-14 business days (extra time due to customs delays) for orders over $49 method price delivery time standard free 7-10 business days expedited $2.00 per book 3-5 business days 3 day service $5.00 per book 3 business days 2 day service $8.00 per book 2 business days 1 day service $15.00 per book 1 business days marketplace: standard $3.65 per book 4-14 business days marketplace: expedited $5.95 per book 3-5 business days partner warehouse: standard free 4-14 business days partner warehouse: expedited $2.00 per book 3-5 business days orders shipped to canada $11.00 per book 7-14 business days (extra time due to customs delays) still need help? contact customer service here: chat email twitter i need my textbook as soon as possible. can i expedite shipping? click here for a full list of our shipping options. please be aware that not all options are available for every book.. unfortunately, once an order has been placed and is in our fulfillment queue we are not able to modify the shipping method. all of the available shipping options are displayed during the checkout process. please contact us via live chat or email if you would like to cancel the order and replace it with a faster shipping method. still need help? contact customer service here: chat email twitter what kind of shipping is used for buying books? if you choose standard shipping, your textbook will be sent either via fedex smartpost or ups mail innovations. if you choose expedited shipping, they'll be shipped via ups ground, fedex ground, priority usps, ontrac, or osm. still need help? contact customer service here: chat email twitter what kind of shipping is used for renting books? if you choose standard shipping, your textbook will be sent either via fedex smartpost or ups mail innovations. if you choose expedited shipping, they'll be shipped via ups ground, fedex ground, priority usps, ontrac or osm. when it’s time to return your rental, we’ll give you a free prepaid fedex ground label. still need help? contact customer service here: chat email twitter what kind of shipping is used for selling books? we’ll provide you with a free, prepaid label for shipping the books you sell to us. you can send us the books either by fedex ground or usps media mail. still need help? contact customer service here: chat email twitter are there any discounts for large orders? orders over $49 qualify for free standard shipping and discounted expedited shipping. excludes student marketplace items. for a complete chart of all shipping options, click here. still need help? contact customer service here: chat email twitter why can’t i track my order? unfortunately we do not offer order tracking for all types of orders, including international orders and many student marketplace orders. textbooks from the student marketplace are shipped by their independent sellers, not by bookbyte, and therefore the sellers must be contacted directly for tracking information. still need help? contact customer service here: chat email twitter where are you located? both our warehouse and our walk-in office are at 2800 pringle road se, salem, or 97302. still need help? contact customer service here: chat email twitter payment why was my credit card declined? if your card was declined, here are the two most likely reasons: (1)	does the billing address and card security code you entered during checkout match precisely what your credit card company or bank has on file? (2)	do you have insufficient funds or have you reached your credit limit? *note: if your card is declined, do not attempt to submit payment again without double-checking the above possible reasons. failed attempts may cause your bank or credit card company to put a temporary hold (for a 24-72 hour period) on the funds used for the transaction as a fraud protection measure. still need help? contact customer service here: chat email twitter was my credit card charged twice? if your card was declined when submitting payment, it is possible you’ll see what appears to be a charge on your credit card statement. don’t panic! these aren’t actually charges and they aren’t being done by bookbyte. here’s what happened: the declined payment caused your bank or credit card company to create a temporary pending hold. this is a way for banks and credit card companies to secure an amount of money for a short period of time until they can verify (or not verify) a transaction. these holds last for 24-72 hours, after which time they’ll disappear altogether from your account statement. still need help? contact customer service here: chat email twitter what forms of payment do you accept? we accept visa, mastercard, american express, and discover credit/debit cards. we also accept paypal, but not for rentals. (for more information on why we do not accept paypal for rentals, click here.) note: unfortunately, we are not able to accept prepaid or gift cards due to our fraud protection software which requires verifiable billing addresses. still need help? contact customer service here: chat email twitter how do you pay people who are selling books? customers selling books to us can be paid either by mailed check or through paypal. still need help? contact customer service here: chat email twitter how do you pay the rebate for returning a rental? the rebate for returning a rental will always be paid by mailed check. still need help? contact customer service here: chat email twitter do you store my credit card information? we do not store your credit card information. that information is encrypted and cleared after each transaction. our staff only has access to the card type and last 4-digits of the card number used. still need help? contact customer service here: chat email twitter are my transactions secure? absolutely. we take your security and privacy very seriously. we process all transactions through symantec authentication services, the most trusted name in online payment. all information is kept strictly confidential. still need help? contact customer service here: chat email twitter quick help track books order status return rental shipping rates return policy useful links affiliate program textbook subjects mobile app sitemap information company policies cheap textbooks bookbyte blog contact us8:30 am-5:00 pm pst monday thru friday help center  /  the fastest way to get help! email  /  send your questions to help@bookbyte.com twitter  /  @bookbytehelp for order status updates walk-in  /  2800 pringle road se, salem, or 97302 © 1999-2014 bookbyte. privacy | terms of use subscribe