来源URL: https://web.archive.org/web/20141231171126/http://www.hearthsong.com/security/privacypolicy.htm
================================================================================

privacy policy sunday, december 21, 2014 10:14:24 am204.236.226.210cart (0)email sign uplive chat let us helplive chatcall our supportemailxto chat with a representative fill out the form below and press "chat". while only your name is required, we will be able to serve you better if you supply your email and phone number.*name:*email:phone:chat hours are:monday - saturday: 7am - 11pm eastern timesunday: closed1-800-533-4397sign in/registerwishlist toys & gamestoys creative construction toysindoor activelight-up toyseducational toysnovelty toysclassic toyswooden toysplay toy sets shop all outdoor active outdoor play toysplay tents & playhousesnature & exploringwater & pool toyssand & beach toyskites & flyers shop all imaginative play dolls & dollhousesdress uplearning by doingplush toyskitchenpuppetsplay spaces shop all games and puzzles indoor gamesboard gamespuzzlesactive games shop all specialty collections best-selling toys & gamestree swingsconnectagonstop-rated toys & gamescorolle® baby dollswind & wonder® shop all arts & interestsarts & crafts art & craft suppliesjewelry makingsewing & knittingfashionmusicdesign kitshobbies shop all cooking & entertaining cooking kitsfun with foodparties & favors shop all exploration & discovery fun with educationfun with naturefun with science shop all fairy fun fairy dress upfairy gardensfairy toysshop all fairies shop all books activity booksparenting booksview all books shop all specialty collections best-selling arts & intereststop-rated arts & interestsi love horses shop all beyond toysroom style room play spaceskids room decorlightingfurniture & storagewalls & windows shop all playful apparel dress up costumeseveryday stylefashion accessories shop all gardening fun with gardeningwhimsical accents shop all specialty collections backyard campoutshugglepod® collectionworld atlas globesgelgems®best-selling beyond toystop-rated beyond toys shop all shop by ageages 0 to 2 baby giftsbaby play toystoddler active play toystoddler toystoddler building & stackingtoddler clothing & accessories shop all ages 3 to 5 active play toystoys & creative playgames & puzzlescolor & createclothing & accessoriesmusicbooks shop all ages 6 to 8 active play toysscience & naturearts & craftstoys & gamesfashion & room decorparty & entertainingmusicbooks shop all ages 9 to 12 active play toysscience & natureshop all toysarts & craftsroom decor & furnituregamesmusicactivity books & reading shop all ages 12 and up active play toysarts & craftsroom decor & furniturescience & naturegamesshop all toysmusic shop all specialty collections best-selling, ages 0-2best-selling, ages 3-5best-selling, ages 6-8best-selling, ages 9-12best-selling, ages 12 and upfamily funtravel toys, games & activitiesbathtime play shop all gift findergift cards traditional gift cardspersonalized gift cardsegift cards shop all hearthsong celebrates christmaswinter funbirthdaysvalentines dayeastersummer funhalloween shop all shop by price gifts under $15gifts $15-$25gifts $25-$50gifts $50-$100gifts $100+ shop all shop for boys & girls gift ideas for boysgift ideas for girls shop all specialty collections best-selling giftsfamily giftsstocking stufferspersonalized gift ideastop-rated gift ideasbaby shower gifts shop all salesave up to 60% off view all salenew to saleshop all clearance shop all shop by age sale baby & toddler on saleages 3 to 5 on saleages 6 to 8 on saleages 9 to 12 on saleages 12 and up on sale shop all shop by sale category toys & games on salearts & interests on salebeyond toys on sale shop all specialty collections sale items under $15playful apparel sale shop all for a limited time deal of the weeklimited-time specials shop all new to sale best sellersaward winnersoutdoor play toyseducational toyswow gifts customer service welcome center our guarantee privacy & security help center contacting us faq returns and exchanges ordering information shipping information need help? e-mail or call us at 1-800-533-4397 last updated: february 26, 2014 your privacy hearthsong®, recognizes and respects the importance of maintaining the privacy of our customers, registered members ("members") and users, and has established this privacy policy as a result. the purpose of this privacy policy is to inform you of: the personal information we may collect from you when you visit our web site, respond to our emails, place orders via mail or fax, or otherwise contact us via telephone, email, fax or mail, why we gather information from you, how we collect it, how we use it, and the choices you have regarding our use of personal information you have provided. this privacy policy is part of the terms of use, which governs your use of our web site located at www.hearthsong.com. note: you must be 18 years or older to use, subscribe or register as a member of hearthsong®. the web site is a general audience site and we do not knowingly collect, maintain or disclose personal information from or about children. why do we gather information? hearthsong® gathers personal information to help improve our products and customer service, to communicate with you, to process your orders, to provide an enhanced and more personalized shopping experience and to inform you, and your gift and message recipients, of special offers and discounts from us, our affiliated brands and selected third parties. what information do we gather?we collect information through our web site, emails, mail, fax, and telephone, including when you: • place an order, • participate in our forums, surveys, contests, sweepstakes, promotions, content submissions, chats, bulletin boards, discussion groups, requests for suggestions, and membership registrations, and • engage in other activities, services, products and resources we make accessible to our customers, members or users. depending on how you interact with us, we collect some or all of the following types of information: • your name, address, telephone number, email address, • billing information (credit card number, expiration date and billing address), • gender and birth date, if you choose to enter such information, • products purchased and occasion type (for example, mother's day), • message and gift recipients' names, addresses, telephone numbers and email addresses, and • other information you provide to us, including user submissions (defined in the terms of use). information you provide to us may be collected by us even if an order, registration, or other process is started but not completed or otherwise cancelled. members may also add to their address book the name, address and telephone number of friends or other persons to whom they may wish to send gifts or expressions. only members have the right to view and edit their address book entries. how we use "cookies" and "action tags"? a "cookie" is a small data file sent to your browser from a web server and stored on your computer. we use cookies to let us know that you are a prior customer, user or member and to provide certain features to you. most web browsers allow you to instruct the browser to prevent the use of cookies. however, if you disable this feature, certain aspects of the hearthsong® web site, such as the shopping basket, may not function properly. we have relationships with third parties who may receive non-personal information directly from the cookies placed by our web site on your computer to assist in analyzing our business and customers. our web site also uses a common web technology called "action tags" (also called single pixel gifs or web beacons) to anonymously track purchase, usage and other web activity information. action tags (including third party tags) may be used to provide data to third parties for tracking purposes. however, our web site does not use action tags to collect or transfer personal information. how we use the information we collect? we use information we collect to communicate with you, to process your orders, to provide an enhanced and more personalized shopping experience, to inform you and your gift and message recipients of offers and discounts from hearthsong® and our affiliated brands and to enable you to receive credits for purchases under loyalty or buying programs which you have joined. in addition, we may make such information (except for credit card number and expiration date, unless you consent otherwise), including aggregated information, available to selected third parties including, but not limited to, those who share or rent information for direct marketing purposes. however, without your consent, we do not make your, or your gift or message recipients' email addresses, available to third parties. in addition, you may instruct that other personal information about you or your message or gift recipients' that you have provided to us not be shared with third parties by following the instructions in how to limit the use of personal information, below. our affiliates, subcontractors, and agents, and any successors to our business (if we ever sell some or all of our business), are not considered to be third parties under this policy. however, in connection with information collected under this policy, they are required to comply with this policy. "affiliates" are persons or entities directly or indirectly controlling, controlled by, or under common control with the children's group, inc. we may combine information we receive from you via our web site, emails, mail, fax, and telephone with information from our affiliates and third parties. we use the combined information to enhance and personalize your shopping experience with us and to communicate with you in accordance with this privacy policy. we reserve the right to disclose information you provide to us as required by law, in response to legal process and law enforcement requests and as necessary or appropriate, in our view, to operate the web site, process orders or registrations, to conduct promotions, contests, and sweepstakes you participate in, and to protect the rights or property of the company, its affiliates, users, customers, recipients, members, sponsors, providers, licensors, merchants and associates (as these terms are defined in the terms of use). please note that any personal information you reveal or post on one our public forums (as defined in the terms of use), such as a message board, chat room, discussion group, folder, survey, contest, sweepstakes, user review and rate forum, and all user submissions, are not protected by this privacy policy and may be collected, shared and used by us or with third parties, including to contact you. information you give out or post on our public forums you disclose at your own risk. consent to transfer and submission hearthsong® is operated in the united states. if you are located outside the united states, please be aware that any information you provide to us will be transferred to the united states. by using the web site or otherwise providing us with information, you hereby consent to this transfer. in addition, if you submit data to us about other individuals (such as your message and gift recipients), you agree that you have obtained consent from each such individual to the submission, transfer and processing of the information. although personal information collected by us through the web site, emails, mail, fax, and telephone is used by us in accordance with this privacy policy, laws generally applicable to the protection of personal data in the u.s. may not be as stringent as those in other countries. links to other web sites hearthsong® wants you to be aware that when you click on links and/or ad banners that take you to affiliated or third-party web sites, you will be subject to the privacy policies and terms of use of those web sites, not ours. we encourage you to read the posted privacy statement and user terms whenever using, and prior to providing any personal information to, any other web site. security and passwords if you place an order on our web site, it encrypts the credit card number you submit prior to transmission over the internet using secure socket layer (ssl) encryption technology. this technology works best when the web site is viewed using microsoft's internet explorer® or netscape navigator®. however, no transmission of data over the internet or any other network can be guaranteed to be 100% secure. although we make reasonable efforts to safeguard personal information once we receive it, we cannot warrant the security of information we receive. portions of the web site (such as our member registration and address book) may require registration and log-in processes in which you will select a user id and password (collectively, the "password"). passwords provided to you by us are the confidential property of the company and may be used by you solely for your individual use of the web site (and otherwise as specified by us). you are responsible for maintaining the confidentiality of any password and for all activities that occur using your password, whether or not authorized by you. you agree to immediately notify us of any unauthorized use of your password or accounts. how to limit the use of personal information from third parties we do not share email addresses you provide with third parties without your consent. in addition, if you prefer that other personal information provided by you not be shared with third parties, please let us know by emailing, writing or calling us as described below. your instructions will be processed as soon as reasonably practicable and in accordance with law. emailing us at: service@hearthsong.com from the email address which you wish to have removed (i.e. not shared with third parties), and include your postal mailing address in the message; or writing us at: customer satisfaction department                                         hearthsong                    7021 wolftown-hood rd                    madison, va 22727 telephoning us at 1-800-533-4397 (please, include or tell us your mailing address, and if you have a catalog, brochure or other mailing label from us, please include it with your request or have it ready when you call). from our affiliates if you also prefer not to have us provide personal information about you to our affiliates, please indicate in your email or letter that you wish your instructions to apply to our "affiliates." from hearthsong® if you also prefer that we not use the personal information you have provided to contact you or your message or gift recipients for our own marketing and promotional purposes, please indicate in your email or letter that you wish your instructions to apply to "hearthsong". these instructions, however, do not apply to non-promotional messages from us. please note that your instructions (above) do not govern the use of information you have provided to our affiliates or to third parties (including any merchants referenced or accessible via our web site). the use of information you have provided to our affiliates or to third parties is governed by their privacy policies and terms. any promotional email we send to you or your gift or message recipients will include a link to our privacy policy and a link to use to opt-out of receiving further promotional emails from the sender. corrections if you would like to update or correct information previously provided to us, please send an e-mail with your new information, including your complete name, postal address, and email address to service@hearthsong.com. members can modify and update their membership information (including name, mailing address, birth date, telephone number and email address) by accessing the password-protected "update membership" page. your consent and changes to this policy subject to the above provisions, by using our web site, you consent to the terms of this privacy policy and the terms of use, of which this policy is a part. we may change our privacy policy from time to time as new features or services are added, suggestions from our customers are incorporated or other changes are made. we will post the revised privacy policy on our web site at least 30 days prior to their effective date - unless we believe changes must take effect sooner to comply with law or to protect the company or our customers, users, members, recipients, sponsors, providers, licensors, merchants, associates and affiliates, in which case the changes will be effective upon posting or as otherwise specified. the date on which the current privacy policy and overall terms of use took effect is listed at the top of the privacy policy and terms of use (see "last updated" at the top of each). in addition, if you would like notice of changes to the privacy policy or terms of use prior to their taking effect (or upon taking effect, if effective immediately), email us at service@hearthsong.com from the email address to which you would like notice sent. by using hearthsong®, after such changes take effect, you agree to be legally bound and to abide by the revised privacy policy and terms of use, of which this policy is a part. your comments hearthsong® welcomes feedback concerning this privacy policy. please send your comments and questions to service@hearthsong.com. back to top > x no purchase necessary! just enter your email address, now through december 31, 2014. view details> call 1-800-533-4397 to speak with a friendly advisor email live chat please fill out the form to chat with a representative. *name: *email: phone: connect with us: sign up for emails and special offersthank you for signing up! shopclassic toysoutdoor play toyseducational toysgift ideas for girlsgift ideas for boysdolls & dollhousesfamily giftsgift findersaleshopnew for holidayholiday joy under $25award winnersfun with sciencetop christmas toys for 2014weekly best sellersview all videoshearthsong exclusivesmade in usatop ratedmy accountmy accountmy wishlistmy basketorder trackingsite mapcatalogsshop our online catalogcatalog quickorderrequest a cataloggiftsgift registrygift cardsgift centerhelpcustomer servicereturns & exchangesshipping & deliveryabout usour storyemploymentprivacy & securityterms of usehearthsong recommends fairy gardensolar star lantern ballscordless window candlesfirestarters & fatwoodsolar lightingfireplace screens gifts for himgifts for herwind spinnerssolar lightingfire potshome accentsactive play toysfairy dollsimaginative playfairy wings & maskshugglepodswaldorf dolls closet organizerssolar lightingkitchen gadgetskitchen organizationproblem solvershome gadgets lunch bags & boxesbento boxesreusable gift wrapsreusable water bottlesreusable shopping bagssilicone wine glassescopyright © 2014 hearthsong