来源URL: https://web.archive.org/web/20201223033527/http://www.hearthsong.com/privacypolicy
================================================================================

hearthsong skip to content skip to navigation menu free shipping on $99+ code: ship21 sale ▶ details ends 1-10-21 menu favorite my account help live chat 1-800-533-4397 email us favorites your cart 0 my cart my account sign in/register check order status your cart 0 my cart see details delivery time estimates do not apply to personalized, large or heavy items (over 20lbs.) that require special shipping, items shipped directly from the manufacturer, or out-of-stock items. delivery estimates only apply to the contiguous united states. saturday, sunday and national holidays are not considered business days for these estimated transit days. code: frshp99 free shipping at $99 see what's new > best sellers > daily deals > category outdoor play outdoor play shop all outdoor play swings & climbing water & pool toys tents & forts games our favorites best-selling toys award winners indoor play indoor play shop all indoor play hugglepods, play spaces, playhouses construction toys & blocks dress up & pretend play indoor active play games & puzzles puppets & plush our favorites award winners best-selling toys educational education & learning shop all education & learning science & nature musical toys & instruments stem early learning books sensory toys arts & crafts arts, crafts, & hobbies shop all arts, crafts, & hobbies craft & design kits art supplies hobbies cooking kits kids décor kids décor shop all kids décor kids room décor canopies & bowers furniture & storage hugglepods, play spaces, playhouses lighting our favorites award winners best-selling toys hugglepods holidays & celebrations holidays & celebrations valentine's day parties & favors easter halloween christmas & hanukkah interests arts animals building camping cooking cars, trucks & trains crafting dinosaurs dolls & dollhouses fairies family fashion & design gardening horses glow in the dark nature music outdoor play science robotics role play & costumes reading sewing & knitting sports space water and pool unicorns winter & snow holiday shop best backyard toys fun gifts under $25 valentine's day outdoor active exclusive arts & crafts gifts for the family gift ideas for boys gift ideas for girls age baby & toddler 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 11 12+ family sale shop all sale clearance limited time specials daily deals girl's gifts sale boy's gifts sale sale under $25 limited-time offers see what's new best sellers award winners swings valentine's day daily deals login | register order status shipping and delivery returns & exchanges fun gifts under $25  shop all ▶ home privacy policy page last updated: jan 1, 2020 your privacy hearthsong®, recognizes and respects the importance of maintaining the privacy of our customers, registered members ("members") and users, and has established this privacy policy as a result. the purpose of this privacy policy is to inform you of: the personal information we may collect from you when you visit our web site, respond to our emails, place orders via mail or fax, or otherwise contact us via telephone, email, fax or mail, why we gather information from you, how we collect it, how we use it, and the choices you have regarding our use of personal information you have provided. this privacy policy is part of the terms of use, which governs your use of our web site located at www.hearthsong.com.note: you must be 18 years or older to use, subscribe or register as a member of hearthsong®. the web site is a general audience site and we do not knowingly collect, maintain or disclose personal information from or about children.why do we gather information?hearthsong® gathers personal information to help improve our products and customer service, to communicate with you, to process your orders, to provide an enhanced and more personalized shopping experience and to inform you, and your gift and message recipients, of special offers and discounts from us, our affiliated brands and selected third parties.what information do we gather?we collect information through our web site, emails, mail, fax, and telephone, including when you: • place an order, • participate in our forums, surveys, contests, sweepstakes, promotions, content submissions, chats, bulletin boards, discussion groups, requests for suggestions, and membership registrations, and • engage in other activities, services, products and resources we make accessible to our customers, members or users. depending on how you interact with us, we collect some or all of the following types of information: • your name, address, telephone number, email address, • billing information (credit card number, expiration date and billing address), • gender and birth date, if you choose to enter such information, • products purchased and occasion type (for example, mother's day), • message and gift recipients' names, addresses, telephone numbers and email addresses, and • other information you provide to us, including user submissions (defined in the terms of use). information you provide to us may be collected by us even if an order, registration, or other process is started but not completed or otherwise cancelled. members may also add to their address book the name, address and telephone number of friends or other persons to whom they may wish to send gifts or expressions. only members have the right to view and edit their address book entries.how we use "cookies" and "action tags"?a "cookie" is a small data file sent to your browser from a web server and stored on your computer. we use cookies to let us know that you are a prior customer, user or member and to provide certain features to you. most web browsers allow you to instruct the browser to prevent the use of cookies. however, if you disable this feature, certain aspects of the hearthsong® web site, such as the shopping basket, may not function properly.we have relationships with third parties who may receive personal information directly from the cookies placed by our web site on your computer to assist in analyzing our business and customers.our web site also uses a common web technology called "action tags" (also called single pixel gifs or web beacons) to anonymously track purchase, usage and other web activity information. action tags (including third party tags) may be used to provide data to third parties for tracking purposes. however, our web site does not use action tags to collect or transfer personal information.how we use the information we collect?we use information we collect to communicate with you, to process your orders, to provide an enhanced and more personalized shopping experience, to inform you and your gift and message recipients of offers and discounts from hearthsong® and our affiliated brands and to enable you to receive credits for purchases under loyalty or buying programs which you have joined. in addition, we may make such information (except for credit card number and expiration date, unless you consent otherwise), including aggregated information, available to selected third parties including, but not limited to, those who share or rent information for direct marketing purposes.however, without your consent, we do not make your, or your gift or message recipients' email addresses, available to third parties. in addition, you may instruct that other personal information about you or your message or gift recipients' that you have provided to us not be shared with third parties by following the instructions in how to limit the use of personal information, below.our affiliates, subcontractors, and agents, and any successors to our business (if we ever sell some or all of our business), are not considered to be third parties under this policy. however, in connection with information collected under this policy, they are required to comply with this policy. "affiliates" are persons or entities directly or indirectly controlling, controlled by, or under common control with the children's group, llc.we may combine information we receive from you via our web site, emails, mail, fax, and telephone with information from our affiliates and third parties. we use the combined information to enhance and personalize your shopping experience with us and to communicate with you in accordance with this privacy policy.we reserve the right to disclose information you provide to us as required by law, in response to legal process and law enforcement requests and as necessary or appropriate, in our view, to operate the web site, process orders or registrations, to conduct promotions, contests, and sweepstakes you participate in, and to protect the rights or property of the company, its affiliates, users, customers, recipients, members, sponsors, providers, licensors, merchants and associates (as these terms are defined in the terms of use).please note that any personal information you reveal or post on one our public forums (as defined in the terms of use), such as a message board, chat room, discussion group, folder, survey, contest, sweepstakes, user review and rate forum, and all user submissions, are not protected by this privacy policy and may be collected, shared and used by us or with third parties, including to contact you. information you give out or post on our public forums you disclose at your own risk.consent to transfer and submissionhearthsong® is operated in the united states. if you are located outside the united states, please be aware that any information you provide to us will be transferred to the united states. by using the web site or otherwise providing us with information, you hereby consent to this transfer.in addition, if you submit data to us about other individuals (such as your message and gift recipients), you agree that you have obtained consent from each such individual to the submission, transfer and processing of the information. although personal information collected by us through the web site, emails, mail, fax, and telephone is used by us in accordance with this privacy policy, laws generally applicable to the protection of personal data in the u.s. may not be as stringent as those in other countries.links to other web siteshearthsong® wants you to be aware that when you click on links and/or ad banners that take you to affiliated or third-party web sites, you will be subject to the privacy policies and terms of use of those web sites, not ours. we encourage you to read the posted privacy statement and user terms whenever using, and prior to providing any personal information to, any other web site.security and passwordsif you place an order on our web site, it encrypts the credit card number you submit prior to transmission over the internet using secure socket layer (ssl) encryption technology. this technology works best when the web site is viewed using microsoft's internet explorer® or netscape navigator®. however, no transmission of data over the internet or any other network can be guaranteed to be 100% secure. although we make reasonable efforts to safeguard personal information once we receive it, we cannot warrant the security of information we receive.portions of the web site (such as our member registration and address book) may require registration and log-in processes in which you will select a user id and password (collectively, the "password"). passwords provided to you by us are the confidential property of the company and may be used by you solely for your individual use of the web site (and otherwise as specified by us). you are responsible for maintaining the confidentiality of any password and for all activities that occur using your password, whether or not authorized by you. you agree to immediately notify us of any unauthorized use of your password or accounts.how to limit the use of personal informationfrom third partieswe do not share email addresses you provide with third parties without your consent. in addition, if you prefer that other personal information provided by you not be shared with third parties, please let us know by emailing, writing or calling us as described below. your instructions will be processed as soon as reasonably practicable and in accordance with law. emailing us at: service@hearthsong.com from the email address which you wish to have removed (i.e. not shared with third parties), and include your postal mailing address in the message; or writing us at: customer satisfaction department                                         hearthsong                    7021 wolftown-hood rd                    madison, va 22727 telephoning us at 1-800-533-4397 (please, include or tell us your mailing address, and if you have a catalog, brochure or other mailing label from us, please include it with your request or have it ready when you call).from our affiliatesif you also prefer not to have us provide personal information about you to our affiliates, please indicate in your email or letter that you wish your instructions to apply to our "affiliates."from hearthsong®if you also prefer that we not use the personal information you have provided to contact you or your message or gift recipients for our own marketing and promotional purposes, please indicate in your email or letter that you wish your instructions to apply to "hearthsong". these instructions, however, do not apply to non-promotional messages from us.please note that your instructions (above) do not govern the use of information you have provided to our affiliates or to third parties (including any merchants referenced or accessible via our web site). the use of information you have provided to our affiliates or to third parties is governed by their privacy policies and terms.any promotional email we send to you or your gift or message recipients will include a link to our privacy policy and a link to use to opt-out of receiving further promotional emails from the sender.correctionsif you would like to update or correct information previously provided to us, please send an e-mail with your new information, including your complete name, postal address, and email address to service@hearthsong.com.members can modify and update their membership information (including name, mailing address, birth date, telephone number and email address) by accessing the password-protected "update membership" page. california consumer privacy act of 2018 (ccpa) you have the right to request, twice a year and free of charge, information that hearthsong collects, uses, discloses and sells by following the instructions under “how to make a request” below. you may delete your personal information collected or maintained by hearthsong by following the instructions under “how to make a request” below. we cannot keep a record of individuals whose personal information we have deleted so you may be contacted again by us, should we come into possession of your personal information at a later date. if you decide to delete your personal information, you may lose out on coupons and other targeted incentives that may save you money. in order to keep these incentives, hearthsong must have access to your identifiers and commercial information listed below. if you exercise your rights under the ccpa, hearthsong will not discriminate against you. how to make a request to make such a request, please submit your request via this webform. you also may contact us via our customer service line at 1-800-533-4397 or email us at service@hearthsong.com. once the webform is submitted you will receive an email to the email address you have mentioned. a hearthsong representative will contact you within 10 business days to confirm your identity. we will request your name, mailing address, and email address from you in order to complete the verification process. we will also request some additional information, such as: last four digits of your credit card, last item ordered, date of last order, total dollar charge of last order, last item you returned, name of person you have shipped to in the past, or a monogram you have placed on a recent order. once confirmed hearthsong will take action on your request for information or request for delete in 45 days. if more time is needed to respond, hearthsong will notify you. you may use an authorized agent to make a request on your behalf. hearthsong has collected, will collect and has disclosed the personal information in the last 12 months described in the categories below: identifiers: a real name, alias, postal address, unique personal identifier, online identifier, internet protocol address, email address, account name, or other similar identifiers. personal information categories listed in the california customer records statute (cal. civ. code § 1798.80(e)): a name, signature, address, telephone number, driver's license or state identification card number, bank account number, credit card number, debit card number, or any other financial information. some personal information included in this category may overlap with other categories. protected classification characteristics under california or federal law: age, sex (including gender, gender identity, gender expression) or veteran or military status commercial information: products or services purchased, obtained, or considered, or other purchasing or consuming histories or tendencies. internet or other similar network activity: browsing history, search history, information on a consumer's interaction with a website, application, or advertisement. geolocation data: physical location or movements. inferences drawn from other personal information: profile reflecting a person's preferences, characteristics, psychological trends, predispositions, behavior, attitudes, intelligence, abilities, and aptitudes. your consent and changes to this policysubject to the above provisions, by using our web site, you consent to the terms of this privacy policy and the terms of use, of which this policy is a part. we may change our privacy policy from time to time as new features or services are added, suggestions from our customers are incorporated or other changes are made. we will post the revised privacy policy on our web site at least 30 days prior to their effective date - unless we believe changes must take effect sooner to comply with law or to protect the company or our customers, users, members, recipients, sponsors, providers, licensors, merchants, associates and affiliates, in which case the changes will be effective upon posting or as otherwise specified.the date on which the current privacy policy and overall terms of use took effect is listed at the top of the privacy policy and terms of use (see "last updated" at the top of each).in addition, if you would like notice of changes to the privacy policy or terms of use prior to their taking effect (or upon taking effect, if effective immediately), email us at service@hearthsong.com from the email address to which you would like notice sent. by using hearthsong®, after such changes take effect, you agree to be legally bound and to abide by the revised privacy policy and terms of use, of which this policy is a part.your commentshearthsong® welcomes feedback concerning this privacy policy. please send your comments and questions to service@hearthsong.com. back to top > most items can be returned within 90 days by mail. online return policy we accept these payment methods, plus egift cards. the hearthsong guarantee if, for any reason, you are less than 100% satisfied with a product you have purchased from us, return it within 90 days using one of our hassle-free return or exchange methods. learn more about our guarantee sign up for emails sign up for insider deals & exclusive offers never miss a sale or a new product preview! arrow_forward stay connected 1-800-533-4397 e-mail us my account sign in order status privacy policy terms & conditions user generated content site map help customer service returns & exchanges shipping & delivery email preferences do not sell - ca request/delete my info - ca customer service need help? 1-800-553-4397 order status returns & exchanges shipping & delivery guarantee email preferences faq's connect with us fun zone blog about us corporate giving careers more ways to shop catalog request gift cards gift finder about us our story our guarantee careers blog corporate giving terms | privacy do not sell my info - ca | request/delete my info copyright © 2020 hearthsong copyright © 2020 hearthsong hearthsong recommends × live chat to chat with a representative fill out the form below and press "chat". while only your name and an email are required, we will be able to serve you better if you supply your phone number. * name: * email: phone: chat chat hours are: everyday: 8am - 10pm eastern time close chat_bubble sat jan 09 07:49:01 est 2021