来源URL: https://web.archive.org/web/20231229132240/https://www.hearthsong.com/pages/privacy-policy
================================================================================

privacy policy – hearthsong skip to content free shipping $99* | limited-time offers cosmic crew rewards* | earn 5% back sign in hi there! create an account to save wishlists, get rewards & more. sign in create an account best sellers save 10% take gift quiz shop by age babies & toddlers ages 3-5 ages 6-8 ages 9-12 ages 12+ family outdoor shop all tree swings climbing structures backyard games tents & forts kids gardening bikes & ride-ons water & pool indoor shop all indoor active play play forts dress up & pretend play dolls & dollhouses games & puzzles construction toys & blocks puppets & stuffed animals playroom arts & crafts shop all craft & design kits art supplies learning shop all cooking & baking early learning stem sensory toys musical toys & instruments science & nature favorite brands aeromax all circles bijou build blipblox bunny hopkins crawligator duarte paperart dough parlour embe babies haba halftoys handstand kitchen hearthsong insect lore kidamento loog guitars luke's toy factory mindscope toys odyssey toys once kids playmake raincorn games sarah's silks studiostone creative tikiri toys toylab ugears sale view all sale buy 2 & save limited-time offers toys under $30 returns & exchanges contact us follow us facebook pinterest icon pinterest instagram youtube x search all toys & games sign in hi there! create an account to save wishlists, get rewards & more. sign in create an account join the cosmic crew! earn rewards with every purchase. learn more account orders customer service hours mon-fri 9am-6pm est returns & exchanges contact us cart your cart is empty. your cart is empty and we can't wait to see what you put inside! shop now! cart subtotal: $0.00 edit cart proceed to checkout gift quiz outdoor outdoor tree swings climbing structures backyard games tents & forts kids gardening bikes & ride-ons water & pool shop new → shop bestsellers → shop all → shop by age babies & toddlers ages 3-5 ages 6-8 ages 9-12 ages 12+ family indoor indoor indoor active play dress up & pretend play dolls & dollhouses construction toys & blocks games & puzzles play forts puppets & stuffed animals playroom shop new → shop bestsellers → shop all → shop by age babies & toddlers ages 3-5 ages 6-8 ages 9-12 ages 12+ family arts + crafts arts + crafts craft & design kits art supplies shop new → shop bestsellers → shop all → learning learning cooking & baking early learning musical toys & instruments stem sensory toys science & nature shop new → shop bestsellers → shop all → shop by age babies & toddlers ages 3-5 ages 6-8 ages 9-12 ages 12+ family age age babies & toddlers ages 3-5 ages 6-8 ages 9-12 ages 12+ family valentine's shop valentine's shop new for spring gardening fun gifts under $30 spring fun valentine's day shop new → shop bestsellers → shop all → favorite brands shop by brand a-d aeromax all circles bijou build blipblox bunny hopkins crawligator duarte paperart dough parlour e-l embe babies haba halftoys handstand kitchen hearthsong insect lore kidamento loog guitars luke's toy factory m-z mindscope toys odyssey toys once kids playmake raincorn games sarah's silks studiostone creative tikiri toys toylab ugears best sellers sale sale view all sale buy 2 & save limited-time offers toys under $30 shop bestsellers → shop all → shop by age babies & toddlers ages 3-5 ages 6-8 ages 9-12 ages 12+ family added to cart! you are only $99.00 away from free shipping $0 $99 subtotal $0.00 view cart(0) cart(0) checkout privacy policy your privacy the children's group, llc, recognizes and respects the importance of maintaining the privacy of our customers, registered members ("members") and users, and has established this privacy policy as a result. the purpose of this privacy policy is to inform you of: the personal information we may collect from you when you visit or interact with the hearthsong.com website (“site”), respond to our emails, place orders via the site, or otherwise contact us via the site, why we gather information from you, how we collect it, how we use it, how we share it, and the choices you have regarding our use of personal information you have provided. this privacy policy is part of the terms of use, which governs your use of our web site located at www.hearthsong.com. we reserve the right to amend or update this privacy policy from time to time or to create additional policies in order to accurately reflect changed circumstances or new legal requirements.  as a result, it is important that you read this privacy policy closely so that you are fully aware of how and why we are using your personal information. by providing us with personal information or using the site, you expressly consent to the information-handling practices described in this privacy policy. if you do not agree with this privacy policy, please do not use the site or provide us with your information. note: you must be 18 years or older to use, subscribe or register as a member of the children's group, llc. the web site is a general audience site and we do not knowingly collect, maintain or disclose personal information from or about children. if you believe that children’s group, llc has collected the personal information of any child under the age of 18, please contact us at the contact us information below. why do we collect certain information? the children's group, llc gathers personal information to help improve our products and customer service, to communicate with you, to process your orders, to provide an enhanced and more personalized shopping experience and to inform you, and your gift and message recipients, of special offers and discounts from us, our affiliated brands and selected third parties. additional details regarding how we use your information and how your information is shared are provided below. what information do we collect? personal information for the purposes of this privacy policy, “personal information” is any information that identifies, relates to, or can be used to contact a particular individual. the specific types of personal information we may collect through the site can be grouped as follows: contact information – first name, last name, mailing address, email address, billing address, and telephone number. personal demographic information account information – username, password, identification numbers, and other information associated with your site account. marketing information – details regarding informational and promotional materials you may have requested or received from us, the products in which you are interested, your receipt of promotional communications, and information on your marketing or communication preferences. communication information – copies of communications and inquiries, including services reviews and service inquiries, you have submitted to us, including through email, chat, calls, and features available on our site. transaction information – details regarding purchases or transactions made with us via the site, which may include payments received, payment details, products purchased, transaction history, purchase occasion, and other information. note that children’s group, llc uses a third-party processor to collect, process, and store payment card or banking information used to make or receive payments. message information for third parties – if you select to purchase a gift, we will collect the details of any message you wish to send to a designated recipient, including the contact details for such recipient. technical support information – details about any issues you are experiencing that require technical support that you submit to us through our site or provide in response to us following up on your request for assistance. device and usage information – details regarding how and when you use our site, including the device used to connect to our site, your ip address and device identifier, the frequency and duration of your usage, the pages you view, what websites or search terms referred you to our site, and information about your interaction with our site. we collect information through the site when you: place an order, request information from us, • participate in our forums, surveys, contests, sweepstakes, promotions, content submissions, chats, bulletin boards, discussion groups, requests for suggestions, social media platforms and membership registrations, • engage in other activities, services, products and resources we make accessible to our customers, members or users, create an account, interact with our customer service features, such as a chatbot navigation feature or any customer service agent chat features, and otherwise provide us with personal information. information you provide to us may be collected by us even if an order, registration, or other process is started but not completed or otherwise cancelled. members may also add to their address book the name, address and telephone number of friends or other persons to whom they may wish to send gifts or expressions. only members have the right to view and edit their address book entries. please note that we may aggregate or anonymize the foregoing types of data such that they are no longer capable of identifying you, in which case they are no longer considered “personal information.” other information we collect from you like most websites, we use various technologies to automatically collect the following types of information about you: cookies - a "cookie" is a small data file sent to your browser from a web server and stored on your device. we use cookies to let us know that you are a prior customer, user or member and to provide certain features to you. most web browsers allow you to instruct the browser to prevent the use of cookies. however, if you disable this feature, certain aspects of the site, such as the shopping basket, may not function properly. we have relationships with third parties who may receive personal information directly from the cookies placed by our site on your device to assist in analyzing our business and customers. log files and device identifiers - we use log files to track actions occurring on the site and collect data about visitors, including ip address, browser type, internet service provider, referring/exit pages, date/time stamps, and device identifiers. web beacons and other technologies - our site also uses a common web technology called "action tags" (also called single pixel gifs or web beacons) to anonymously track purchase, usage and other web activity information. action tags (including third party tags) may be used to provide data to third parties for tracking purposes across websites, as well as to monitor email readership. analytics - our site may also use third-party analytics tools, such as google analytics.  you can find more information about how data is collected and processed in connection with the google analytics service here.  you can also read google’s privacy policy here. the information collected through these technologies may be combined with personal information or aggregated with other information on website visits. we may share information about your use of our site with our advertising and analytics partners, who may combine it with other information that you previously provided to them. information from other sources we may obtain both personal and non-personal information about you from affiliates, business partners, vendor partners, contractors, suppliers, and other third parties and add it to other information we have collected. we, and the third parties we engage, may combine information we collect from you over time, and across the site, with information obtained from other sources. this helps us improve the information’s overall accuracy and completeness, and also helps us better tailor our interactions with you. information from social media if you interact with us on any social media platform: (i) depending on your social media privacy settings, the personal information that you submit on the social media platform may be read, collected, or used by us as described in this privacy policy, and (ii) where we respond to any interaction with you on social media, your account name/handle may be viewable by any and all members or users of our social media accounts.  social media platforms operate independently from children’s group, llc and we are not responsible for the personal information that you choose to submit or link on any social media platform.  we encourage you to review the privacy policies and settings of any social media platform with which you interact to help you understand their privacy practices. how we use the information we collect? we (or service providers acting on our behalf) use information we collect to communicate with you, to process your orders, to provide an enhanced and more personalized shopping experience, to inform you and your gift and message recipients of offers and discounts from the children's group, llc and our affiliated brands, and to enable you to receive credits for purchases under loyalty or buying programs which you have joined. in addition, we use the information identified above for the following purposes: processing payments you make to children’s group, llc or any warranted refunds or monetary corrections. managing customer service issues, including issues relating to the performance of our site, technical concerns, and related feedback. developing, updating, and improving our services, customer service, and customer experience, and otherwise improving our knowledge and insights regarding potential customers or those who partner with us for our business. preventing and detecting fraud, financial crime, hacking activities, security breaches, and other unlawful activities in connection with the site or the use of our services. enforcing our agreements, complying with our legal or regulatory obligations, and defending or advancing legal claims. notifying you about changes to our site, services, or material changes to this policy. providing you with surveys or otherwise soliciting feedback from you. performing other functions as otherwise described to you at the time of collection or to which you otherwise consent. for more information about your options relating to your personal information and your communication preferences, see “choices about the collection and use of personal information” below. our marketing efforts we may send you direct marketing communications from time to time including news, updates, offers, and other announcements relating to our services and activities. we will only send marketing messages where the law allows us to do so and, in the event that you no longer wish to receive marketing communications from us, then you can always unsubscribe using the option provided in the communication you have received (e.g., in the footer of the email) or by contacting us using the information below. disclosure of personal information when the information we collect about you is aggregated, anonymized, or otherwise does not identify you, we may use that information for any purpose or share it with third parties, to the extent permitted by applicable law. in addition, we may share your information with the following types of entities: business partners, service providers, third-party vendors necessary for the performance of any contract we enter into with you. for example, your information may be shared with our payment processing providers, accountants, outside counsel, consultants, or other providers of professional services. service providers we use to facilitate our business operations and administration. these third parties have access to your personal information to perform specific tasks on our behalf. for example, our service providers include (i) it and system administration providers, (ii) providers that facilitate your use of the site (e.g., our website hosting provider, or chatbot service provider); (iii) payment processors, and (iv) data storage providers. marketing and advertising vendors that may assist with lead generation, hosting information relating to potential customers, marketing automation, advertisement placement and targeting, and marketing campaigns and communications. analytics vendors in order to understand our website traffic and usage patterns, optimize our site, and identify potential new customers. regulatory and governmental authorities, law enforcement agencies, and courts, as necessary to comply with applicable laws and regulations, respond to a subpoena, search warrant, or other lawful request for information, or to otherwise protect our rights. buyers or other successors prior to or in the event of a merger, acquisition, divestiture, restructuring, reorganization, dissolution, or other sale or transfer of some or all of our assets, whether as a going concern or as a part of bankruptcy, liquidation, or similar proceeding, where the information is among the assets being transferred. other parties for any purpose we disclose at the time you provide the information. we may combine information we receive from you via our web site, emails, mail, fax, and telephone with information from our affiliates and third parties. we use the combined information to enhance and personalize your shopping experience with us and to communicate with you in accordance with this privacy policy. we reserve the right to disclose information you provide to us as required by law, in response to legal process and law enforcement requests and as necessary or appropriate, in our view, to operate the web site, process orders or registrations, to conduct promotions, contests, and sweepstakes you participate in, and to protect the rights or property of the company, its affiliates, users, customers, recipients, members, sponsors, providers, licensors, merchants and associates. consent to transfer and submission the children's group, llc is operated in the united states. if you are located outside the united states, please be aware that any information you provide to us will be transferred to the united states. by using the web site or otherwise providing us with information, you hereby consent to this transfer. in addition, if you submit data to us about other individuals (such as your message and gift recipients), you agree that you have obtained consent from each such individual to the submission, transfer and processing of the information. although personal information collected by us through the web site, emails, mail, fax, and telephone is used by us in accordance with this privacy policy, laws generally applicable to the protection of personal data in the u.s. may not be as stringent as those in other countries. links to other web sites the children's group, llc wants you to be aware that when you click on links and/or ad banners that take you to affiliated or third-party web sites, you will be subject to the privacy policies and terms of use of those web sites, not ours. we encourage you to read the posted privacy statement and user terms whenever using, and prior to providing any personal information to, any other web site. security no transmission of data over the internet or any other network can be guaranteed to be 100% secure. although we make reasonable efforts to safeguard personal information once we receive it, we cannot warrant the security of information we collect or process. your choices about personal information we respect your right to make choices about the ways we collect, use, and disclose your information.  we try to offer you meaningful choices regarding your personal information.  some choices you have regarding personal information include the following. marketing emails – as required by applicable laws, you can opt-out of receiving promotional emails from us by clicking the “opt out,” “unsubscribe,” or similar link in any such promotional emails and following the instructions provided. cookies – depending on your browser or device, you may have the option to set the browser to accept all cookies, reject all cookies, notify you when a cookie is set, or delete cookies.  each browser and device are different, so we recommend you evaluate the tools and settings available in your browser or device, as well as any available instructions for the same.  please note that if you disable or delete cookies, you may not be able to access or use certain features of the website. google analytics – as discussed above, we use google analytics in connection with the site.  if you would like to refrain from having your data collected by google analytics, google has developed an opt-out browser that you can use.  you can find more information on how google uses information it collects here. interest-based advertising – to opt-out of personalized or interest-based advertisements, you may be able to adjust the settings on your device.  please go to your device settings and opt-out through the controls provided through google/android or ios, as applicable. each operating system, ios for apple phones, android for android devices and windows for microsoft devices, has its own instructions on how to prevent the delivery of interest-based advertisements. (we cannot guarantee that these instructions will not change, or that they will continue to be available; they are controlled by each mobile platform, not us.). for any other devices and/or operating systems, please visit the privacy settings for the applicable device or contact the applicable platform operator.  you can also visit https://optout.aboutads.info to opt out of interest-based advertisements. declining to provide information – you can choose not to provide us with information we may request through our site, but that may result in you being unable to use certain features of our site, request information about our services, make purchases, or initiate other transactions with us. do not track mechanisms – please note that our site does not honor “do not track” signals, and such signals will not impact the operation of this site. jurisdiction-specific choices – additional choices may be afforded to you under the laws of your place of residence, as described below. in addition to the above, you may contact us using the details provided at the end of this privacy policy with any questions about the choices relating to your personal information. links to third-party websites please note that this privacy policy does not apply to information you have provided to our affiliates or to third parties (including any merchants referenced or accessible via our site). the use of information you have provided to our affiliates or to third parties is governed by their privacy policies and terms. any third-party websites you interact with have separate privacy policies that you should review.  we do not control these third-party websites and are not responsible for the content of linked websites or those companies’ data-handling practices. california residents if you are a california resident, please refer to our “privacy notice for california residents” for a description of rights available to you under california law. notice for nevada residents under nevada law, nevada “consumers” may request that “operators” of internet sites and online services refrain from the “sale” of their “covered information” to third parties (as such terms are defined under nevada law).  “covered information” includes first and last name, address, email address, and phone number, or an identifier that allows a specific person to be contacted either physically or online.  as discussed above, we share your information with certain third parties that we believe can provide you with offers and promotions for products and services of interest to you and in the other ways described above.  we do not believe that our sharing in this regard would qualify as a sale under nevada law. canadian residents if you reside in canada, various canadian laws, including canada’s personal information protection and electronic documents act (“pipeda”), may provide you certain rights with respect to your personal information, including the right to request information about the collection, use, or disclosure of your personal information, to request access to your personal information, and to challenge the accuracy and completeness of your personal information and have it amended as appropriate. if you are a canadian resident and would like to make a request regarding your personal information, please send a request to happy@hearthsong.com with the subject line, “canada resident request,” or otherwise contact us using the information in the “contact us” section below. we will attempt to respond to your request as quickly as possible, but may ask you to provide additional information to enable us to locate the personal information or determine how it has been used or disclosed. we will provide you access, as appropriate, at minimal or no cost to you. international transfers children’s group, llc is headquartered in the united states and, as a result, the information you provide to us may reside on servers or workstations located the united states.  you understand and consent that information you provide may be transferred to the united states.  you also understand that the data protection laws in the united states may be different from those of the country where you reside.  when we transfer personal information to the united states, we will implement appropriate and suitable safeguards to protect such information as may be required by applicable data protection laws. data retention we will only retain your personal information for as long as necessary to fulfill your requests or the purposes for which it was obtained. the criteria used to determine our retention periods include (i) for as long as we have an ongoing relationship with you, (ii) as required by a legal obligation to which we are subject, and (iii) as necessary to comply with legal obligations. your consent and changes to this policy subject to the above provisions, by using our web site, you consent to the terms of this privacy policy. we may change our privacy policy from time to time as new features or services are added, suggestions from our customers are incorporated or other changes are made. we will post the revised privacy policy on our web site at least 30 days prior to their effective date - unless we believe changes must take effect sooner to comply with law or to protect the company or our customers, users, members, recipients, sponsors, providers, licensors, merchants, associates and affiliates, in which case the changes will be effective upon posting or as otherwise specified. the date on which the current privacy policy and overall terms of use took effect is listed at the top of the privacy policy and terms of use (see "last updated" at the top of each). in addition, if you would like notice of changes to the privacy policy or terms of use prior to their taking effect (or upon taking effect, if effective immediately), email us at happy@hearthsong.com from the email address to which you would like notice sent. by using children's group, llc, after such changes take effect, you agree to be legally bound and to abide by the revised privacy policy and terms of use, of which this policy is a part. contact us children's group, llc welcomes feedback, inquiries, challenges, and questions concerning this privacy policy and children’s group, llc’s privacy practices. please send your comments and questions to happy@hearthsong.com. last updated: october 6, 2022 free shippingfree shipping in the continental us when you spend $99. customer servicewe are available from monday to friday to answer your questions. cosmic crew rewardsearn 5% back in store credit on every purchase. contact uswe're here to help! just e-mail us at happy@hearthsong.com my account sign in cosmic crew rewards privacy policy terms & conditions user generated content help help center faqs contact us returns shipping & delivery web accessibility about us the hearthsong story our guarantee careers blog hearthsong gives back more ways to shop gift cards gift shop wholesale take gift finder quiz sign up for exclusive deals & offersnever miss a sale or a new product preview! enter email follow us facebook pinterest icon pinterest instagram youtube copyright © 2024 hearthsong top choosing a selection results in a full page refresh.