来源URL: https://web.archive.org/web/20151104171556/http://eero.com:80/terms
================================================================================

eero: finally, wifi that works keep me posted details about us developers faqs welcome to eero! details about us developers keep me posted eero inc. master terms of service last updated - 02/16/2015 welcome! eero inc. (“eero”) sells the world’s first wifi system, a combination of simple hardware and easy-to-use cloud, mobile, and device software. the result: your eero devices (each an “eero device”) work in unison to blanket your home hyper-fast, super-stable wifi. please read this master terms of service (“terms of service”) carefully. by accessing or using www.eero.com or any other websites of eero, its affiliates or agents (collectively, the “site”) in any way, including placing your pre-order and/or browsing the site, you represent that (1) you have read, understand, and agree to be bound by these terms of service, (2) you are of legal age to form a binding contract with eero, and (3) you have the authority to enter into the terms of service personally or on behalf of the company you have named as the user, and to bind that company to the terms of service. the term “you” refers to the individual or legal entity, as applicable, that visited the site or that placed the pre-order. if you do not agree to be bound by the terms of service, you may not access or use the site. the terms of service include a class action waiver and a waiver of jury trials, and require binding arbitration on an individual basis to resolve disputes. the terms of service limit the remedies that may be available to you in the event of a dispute. 1. use of the site. you are solely responsible for the use of the site. by using the site, you acknowledge that your use of the site is solely at your own risk. your use of the site is subject to these terms of service and any additional terms provided by eero (“additional terms”) (collectively, the “terms”). 2. additional terms. in addition to these terms, the following additional terms apply to your use of the site or eero device. by using the site or placing your pre-order for the eero device, you agree to be bound by these additional terms, as applicable, which are incorporated herein by reference: privacy policy, which describes eero’s policies with respect to the collection, use, and disclosure of personal information from you; eula, which governs your use of software applications you may obtain from eero; any warranties or additional purchasing terms that eero includes with your eero device; and any additional terms or conditions eero may supply from time to time. in the event of a conflict between the terms and conditions in this document and the terms in any of the above additional terms, these terms and conditions in this document will control. 3. pre-ordering eero devices. a. pre-ordering. by pre-ordering an eero device you acknowledge and agree that you are contributing (i.e., making a donation) to a work in progress and not making a direct purchase. in return for your contribution, you will be rewarded the number of eero devices you pre-ordered. the required contribution for each eero device is listed on the site. when you pre-order an eero device, you agree to pay any amounts and fees eero may charge you for the eero device. before you are required to make any payment, you will have an opportunity to review and accept the amount that you will be charged to you. all payments are in u.s. dollars. eero will charge the payment method you specify at the time of your contribution. you hereby authorize us to charge all sums described herein to such payment method. if you make any applicable payment with a credit card, eero may seek pre-authorization of your credit card account prior to your purchase to verify that the credit card is valid and has the necessary funds or credit available to cover your purchase. eero may change the required contribution amount for the eero devices from time to time by posting the changes on the site. b. referrals. during the pre-order period, if you refer other new customers using the referral link we provide to you, you will receive a credit of up to $20 towards any eero devices you have pre-ordered (a “referral credit”) for each person who uses your referral link to pre-order one or more eero devices. you can earn maximum aggregate referral credits up to the total amount that you contributed for your pre-order less taxes and fees. you will receive the referral credit for your qualified referrals after the pre-order period has ended by the same method of payment you made when pre-ordering your eero device(s). please note that referral credits are given for the purpose of attracting brand new customers to eero. you may earn only one referral credit per individual you refer who uses your referral link to pre-order eero device(s). if for any reason we suspect a fraudulent use of a referral link, we reserve the right, in our sole discretion, to withhold any or all referral credits. if you decide to send an email or otherwise contact other potential new customers to pre-order eero device(s) using the referral link that we provide to you, you are responsible for obtaining any consents that may be required by law before you send such communications. c. promotional codes. we may, from time to time, offer promotional codes for purchasing eero device(s) (a “promotional code”). you may only use a promotional code once, and only one promotional code may be used per order. if for any reason we suspect a fraudulent use of a promotional code, we reserve the right, in our sole discretion, to cancel your pre-order. promotional codes sent to individuals are valid for the intended recipient only. promotional codes are not valid for pre-orders placed prior to receipt of, or without reference to, the promotional code and cannot be redeemed for cash or combined with other offers or credits, with the exception of referral credits. promotional codes are not valid for resale. d. fulfillment. you agree that eero may cancel or refund your contribution at any time prior to the date on which we ship the eero device(s) and for any reason, and if eero does so, eero is not required to fulfill the reward. e. refunds. if you cancel your pre-order any time prior to the time we ship the eero device(s) as your reward, we will refund to you the amounts that you paid. after the eero device(s) have shipped, eero has no obligation to provide refunds or credits, but may grant them in extenuating circumstances, as a result of specific refund guarantee promotions, or to correct any errors made by eero, in each case in eero's sole discretion. f. taxes. eero’s fees are net of any applicable sales tax. if the eero device(s) are subject to sales tax in any jurisdiction and you have not remitted the applicable sales tax to us, you will be responsible for the payment of such sales tax and any related penalties or interest to the relevant tax authority and you will indemnify eero for any liability or expense we may incur in connection with such sales tax. upon our request, you will provide us with official receipts issued by the appropriate taxing authority, or other such evidence that you have paid all applicable taxes. for purposes of this section, “sales tax” shall mean any sales or use tax, and any other tax measured by sales proceeds, that eero is permitted to pass to its customers that is the functional equivalent of a sales tax where the applicable taxing jurisdiction does not otherwise impose a sales or use tax. 4. tilt/open terms. eero uses tilt/open as the third party service provider for website and payment services. by pre-ordering your eero device, you agree to be bound by tilt/open’s checkout terms: https://open.tilt.com/checkout_terms and privacy policy: https://open.tilt.com/privacy. 5. third party content. a. general. eero may contain or display through the site various materials and content from third parties (“third party materials”). the display on or through the site of such third party materials does not in any way imply, suggest, or constitute any sponsorship, endorsement, or approval by eero of any third party or any affiliation between any such third party and eero. furthermore, in using and accessing the site, you agree that eero is in no way responsible for the accuracy, timeliness, or completeness of third party materials. eero’s display of specific third party materials does not suggest a recommendation by eero of the third party or any products, services, websites or plans offered. your interaction with any third party (whether online or offline) is at your own risk, and eero will have no liability with respect to the acts, omissions, errors, representations, warranties, breaches or negligence of any such third party or for any personal injuries, death, property damage, or other damages or expenses resulting from your interactions with the third party. b. third party links and references. the site may contain references or links to third-party materials and websites not controlled by eero. eero provides such information and links as a convenience to you and such links and references should not be considered endorsements or recommendations of such sites or any content, products or information offered on such sites. you acknowledge and agree that eero is not responsible for any aspect of the information or content contained in any third party materials or on any third party sites accessible or linked from the site. 6. license grant. subject to these terms, eero grants you a limited, non-exclusive, non-transferable, term-limited, non-sublicensable, revocable license to use any software that is provided by eero that is pre- installed on, embedded in or incorporated into the eero device (“embedded software”) solely in connection with your use of the eero device. 7. use restrictions. eero does not allow use of the site for any illegal, abusive purposes, or in any manner that interferes with or interrupts the proper functioning of the site, including but not limited to, through the use of any bot, crawler, spider, or other automated process. if you violate any provision of these terms, your permission to use the site will terminate automatically. additionally, eero, in its sole discretion may suspend or terminate your access to the site at any time, with or without notice. we also reserve the right to modify or discontinue the site at any time (including, without limitation, by limiting or discontinuing certain features of the site) without notice to you. we will have no liability whatsoever on account of any change to the site or any suspension or termination of your access to or use of the site. 8. site and eero device restrictions. you agree that you will not do, or attempt to do, any of the following: reproduce, duplicate, copy, sell, trade, resell, distribute or exploit any part of the site, use the site, access the site, or use content obtained through the site other than in accordance with all applicable terms; access or use the site for any comparative or competitive research purposes; remove, circumvent, disable, damage or otherwise interfere with any security-related features of the site or eero device, or features that enforce limitations on the use of the site, eero device, or any content therein; use any manual or automated means to extract and/or compile content from the site for any commercial purpose or otherwise; interfere with or disrupt the site, networks or servers connected to the site, or violate the regulations, policies or procedures of such networks or servers; undertake, cause, permit or authorize the modification, creation of derivative works, translation, reverse engineering, decompiling, disassembling or hacking of all or part of the site or any other part thereof, except and solely to the extent permitted by law, or otherwise attempt to use or access the site other than as intended; or use the site in any manner whatsoever that could lead to a violation of any federal, state or local laws, rules or regulations. 9. reservation of rights. the site is owned and operated by eero. the software, content, visual interfaces, interactive features, information, trademarks, logos, graphics, design, compilation, computer code, products, software, services, content, and all other elements of the site (“eero materials”), are protected by copyright, trade dress, patent, and trademark laws of the united states and other jurisdictions, international conventions, and all other relevant intellectual property and proprietary rights, and applicable laws. all eero materials, including intellectual property rights therein and thereto, are the property of eero or its subsidiaries or affiliated companies and/or third-party licensors. you may not sell, license, distribute, copy, modify, publicly perform or display, transmit, publish, edit, adapt, create derivative works from, or otherwise make unauthorized use of the eero materials. eero reserves all rights not expressly granted in these terms. you shall not acquire any right, title or interest to the eero materials, whether by implication, estoppel, or otherwise, except for the limited rights set forth in these terms. 10. term and termination. these terms will remain in effect until terminated. these terms, and your rights and licenses hereunder, will terminate immediately upon your breach of the terms. eero may terminate these terms, or limit or terminate your access to the site at any time for any reason or no reason at all. sections 2, 3 and 7-16 shall survive the termination of this terms of service for any reason, along with any provisions of the additional terms that expressly by their terms survive. 11. modifications. eero reserves the right, in its sole discretion, to add, remove, or modify features of the site at any time for any reason without liability to you. eero may change, modify, add, or remove portions of these terms at any time by making such modified terms available to you on the site. if eero materially modifies these terms, it will make reasonable efforts to notify you of the change. for example, we may send a message to your email address, if we have one on file, after such material changes are made. any changes to the terms will be effective immediately for new users and will be effective thirty (30) days after posting notice of such changes on the site for existing users. eero may require you to provide consent to the updated terms in a specified manner before further use of the site is permitted. if you do not agree to any change(s) after receiving a notice of such change(s), you shall stop using the site. otherwise, your continued use of the site constitutes your acceptance of such change(s). please regularly check the site to view the then-current terms. 12. indemnity. you agree that you will be responsible for your use of the site, and you agree to defend, indemnify, and hold harmless eero and its officers, directors, employees, consultants, affiliates, subsidiaries and agents (collectively, the “eero entities”) from and against any and all claims, liabilities, damages, losses, and expenses, including reasonable attorneys’ fees and costs, arising out of or in any way connected with (i) your access to, use of, or alleged use of the site at any time; (ii) your violation of these terms or any representation, warranty, or agreements referenced herein, or any applicable law or regulation; (iii) your violation of any third-party right, including without limitation any intellectual property right, publicity, confidentiality, property or privacy right; or (iv) any disputes or issues between you and any third party. eero reserves the right, at our own expense, to assume the exclusive defense and control of any matter otherwise subject to indemnification by you (and without limiting your indemnification obligations with respect to such matter), and in such case, you agree to cooperate with eero’s defense of such claim. 13. warranty disclaimer. the site, and all materials and content available through the site are provided “as is”, without warranty or condition of any kind, either express or implied. the eero entities specifically (but without limitation) disclaim all warranties of any kind, whether express or implied, relating to the site and all materials and content available through the site, including but not limited to (i) any implied warranties of merchantability, fitness for a particular purpose, title, quiet enjoyment, or non-infringement; and (ii) any warranties arising out of course of dealing, usage, or trade. the eero entities do not warrant that the site or any part thereof, or any materials or content offered through the site, will be uninterrupted, secure, or free of errors, viruses, or other harmful components, and do not warrant that any of the foregoing will be corrected. no advice or information, whether oral or written, obtained by you from the site or any materials or content available on or through the site will create any warranty regarding the eero entities, or the site that is not expressly stated in these terms. you understand and agree that your use of the site, and any materials or content through the site and any associated sites or services is at your own discretion and risk. some jurisdictions may prohibit a disclaimer of warranties and you may have other rights that vary from jurisdiction to jurisdiction. 14. limitation of liability. in no event will the eero entities be liable to you for any loss of profits, goodwill, use, data, or other intangible losses or indirect, incidental, special, consequential or punitive damages arising out of or relating to your access to or use of, or your inability to access or use, the siteor any materials or content on the site, whether based on warranty, contract, tort (including negligence), statute or any other legal theory, whether or not the eero entities have been informed of the possibility of such damage. you agree that the aggregate liability of the eero entities to you for any and all claims arising out of relating to the use of or any inability to use the site (including any materials or content available through the site) or otherwise under these terms, whether in contract, tort, or otherwise, is limited to the greater of (i) the amounts you have paid to eero in the 12 months prior to the claim or (ii) $5. some jurisdictions do not allow the exclusion or limitation of liability for consequential or incidental damages. accordingly, the above limitation may not apply to you. each provision of these terms that provides for a limitation of liability, disclaimer of warranties, or exclusion of damages is to allocate the risks under these terms between the parties. this allocation is an essential element of the basis of the bargain between the parties. you acknowledge and agree that eero has offered its site, set its prices, and entered into this agreement in reliance upon the warranty disclaimers and the limitations of liability set forth herein, that the warranty disclaimers and the limitations of liability set forth herein reflect a reasonable and fair allocation of risk between you and eero, and that the warranty disclaimers and the limitations of liability set forth herein form an essential basis of the bargain between you and eero. each of these provisions is severable and independent of all other provisions of these terms. the limitations in this section will apply even if any limited remedy fails of its essential purpose. 15. dispute resolution. a. applicability of arbitration agreement. all claims and disputes (excluding claims for injunctive or other equitable relief as set forth below) in connection with the terms or the use of any product or service provided by eero, including the eero device, that cannot be resolved informally or in small claims court shall be resolved by binding arbitration on an individual basis under the terms of this arbitration agreement. unless otherwise agreed, all arbitration proceedings will be held in english. this arbitration agreement applies to you and eero, and to any subsidiaries, affiliates, agents, employees, predecessors in interest, successors, and assigns, as well as all authorized or unauthorized users or beneficiaries of services or goods provided under the terms. b. notice requirement and informal dispute resolution. before either party may seek arbitration, the party must first send to the other party a written notice of dispute (“notice”) describing the nature and basis of the claim or dispute, and the requested relief. a notice to eero should be sent to: eero inc., 933 20th st., san francisco, ca 94107. after the notice is received, you and eero may attempt to resolve the claim or dispute informally. if you and eero do not resolve the claim or dispute within thirty (30) days after the notice is received, either party may begin an arbitration proceeding. the amount of any settlement offer made by any party may not be disclosed to the arbitrator until after the arbitrator has determined the amount of the award, if any, to which either party is entitled. c. arbitration rules. arbitration shall be initiated through the american arbitration association (“aaa”), an established alternative dispute resolution provider (“adr provider”) that offers arbitration as set forth in this section. if aaa is not available to arbitrate, the parties shall agree to select an alternative adr provider. the rules of the adr provider shall govern all aspects of the arbitration, including but not limited to the method of initiating and/or demanding arbitration, except to the extent such rules are in conflict with the terms. the aaa consumer arbitration rules governing the arbitration are available online at www.adr.org or by calling the aaa at 1- 800-778-7879. the arbitration shall be conducted by a single, neutral arbitrator. any claims or disputes where the total amount of the award sought is less than ten thousand u.s. dollars (us $10,000.00) may be resolved through binding non-appearance-based arbitration, at the option of the party seeking relief. for claims or disputes where the total amount of the award sought is ten thousand u.s. dollars (us $10,000.00) or more, the right to a hearing will be determined by the arbitration rules. any hearing will be held in a location within 100 miles of your residence, unless you reside outside of the united states, and unless the parties agree otherwise. if you reside outside of the u.s., the arbitrator shall give the parties reasonable notice of the date, time and place of any oral hearings. any judgment on the award rendered by the arbitrator may be entered in any court of competent jurisdiction. if the arbitrator grants you an award that is greater than the last settlement offer that eero made to you prior to the initiation of arbitration, eero will pay you the greater of the award or one thousand u.s. dollars (us $1,000.00). each party shall bear its own costs (including attorney’s fees) and disbursements arising out of the arbitration and shall pay an equal share of the fees and costs of the adr d. additional rules for non-appearance based arbitration. if non-appearance based arbitration is elected, the arbitration shall be conducted by telephone, online and/or based solely on written submissions; the specific manner shall be chosen by the party initiating the arbitration. the arbitration shall not involve any personal appearance by the parties or witnesses unless otherwise agreed by the parties. e.time limits. if you or eero pursue arbitration, the arbitration action must be initiated and/or demanded within the statute of limitations (i.e., the legal deadline for filing a claim) and within any deadline imposed under the aaa rules for the pertinent claim. f. authority of arbitrator. if arbitration is initiated, the arbitrator will decide the rights and liabilities, if any, of you and eero, and the dispute will not be consolidated with any other matters or joined with any other cases or parties. the arbitrator shall have the authority to grant motions dispositive of all or part of any claim. the arbitrator shall have the authority to award monetary damages, and to grant any non-monetary remedy or relief available to an individual under applicable law, the aaa rules, and the terms. the arbitrator shall issue a written award and statement of decision describing the essential findings and conclusions on which the award is based, including the calculation of any damages awarded. the arbitrator has the same authority to award relief on an individual basis that a judge in a court of law would have. the award of the arbitrator is final and binding upon you and eero. g. waiver of jury trial. the parties hereby waive their constitutional and statutory rights to go to court and have a trial in front of a judge or a jury, instead electing that all claims and disputes shall be resolved by arbitration under this arbitration agreement. arbitration procedures are typically more limited, more efficient and less costly than rules applicable in a court and are subject to very limited review by a court. in the event any litigation should arise between you and eero in any state or federal court in a suit to vacate or enforce an arbitration award or otherwise, you and eero waive all rights to a jury trial, instead electing that the dispute be resolved by a judge. h. waiver of class or consolidated actions. all claims and disputes within the scope of this arbitration agreement must be arbitrated or litigated on an individual basis and not on a class basis, and claims of more than one customer or user cannot be arbitrated or litigated joinly or consolidated with those of any other customer or user. i. confidentiality. all aspects of the arbitration proceeding, including but not limited to the award of the arbitrator and compliance therewith, shall be strictly confidential. the parties agree to maintain confidentiality unless otherwise required by law. this paragraph shall not prevent a party from submitting to a court of law any information necessary to enforce this agreement, to enforce an arbitration award, or to seek injunctive or equitable relief. j. severability. if any part or parts of this arbitration agreement are found under the law to be invalid or unenforceable by a court of competent jurisdiction, then such specific part or parts shall be of no force and effect and shall be severed and the remainder of the agreement shall continue in full force and effect. k. right to waive. any or all of the rights and limitations set forth in this arbitration agreement may be waived by the party against whom the claim is asserted. such waiver shall not waive or affect any other portion of this arbitration agreement. l. survival of agreement. this arbitration agreement will survive the termination of your relationship with eero. m. small claims court. notwithstanding the foregoing, either you or eero may bring an individual action in small claims court. n. emergency equitable relief. notwithstanding the foregoing, either party may seek emergency equitable relief before a state or federal court in order to maintain the status quo pending arbitration. a request for interim measures shall not be deemed a waiver of any other rights or obligations under this arbitration agreement. o. claims not subject to arbitration. notwithstanding the foregoing, claims of defamation, violation of the computer fraud and abuse act, and infringement or misappropriation of the other party’s patent, copyright, trademark or trade secrets shall not be subject to this arbitration agreement. p. courts. in any circumstances where the foregoing arbitration agreement permits the parties to litigate in court, the parties hereby agree to submit to the personal jurisdiction of the courts located within san francisco county, california and federal courts located in the northern district of california for such purpose. 16. miscellaneous. a. governing law. these terms, whether interpreted in a court of law or in arbitration, shall be governed by the laws of the state of california as they apply to agreements entered into and to be performed entirely within california by california residents, and without regard to conflict of law principles or the united nations convention for the international sale of goods. b. entire agreement. these terms (including the various additional terms incorporated herein by reference) constitute the entire agreement between you and eero, and supersedes any and all prior agreements, negotiations, or other communications between you and eero, whether oral or written, with respect to the subject matter hereof, and, except as expressly provided herein, cannot be modified except in writing signed by both parties. c. severability. in the event that any provision of these terms is held to be invalid or unenforceable, then: (a) such provision shall be deemed reformed to the extent strictly necessary to render such provision valid and enforceable, or if not capable of such reformation shall be deemed severed from these terms; and (b) the validity and enforceability of all of the other provisions hereof, shall in no way be affected or impaired thereby. d. compliance with laws. you agree to abide by all applicable laws in your use of the site and eero device, including export control laws and similar regulations governing the transfer of software and other technology outside of the united states or other jurisdictions. e. assignment. you may not assign these terms without the prior written consent of eero, whether expressly or by operation of law, including in connection with a merger or change of control, and any such attempted assignment shall be void and of no effect. eero may assign these terms without restriction. subject to the foregoing, these terms shall be binding on the parties and their respective successors and permitted assigns. f. force majeure. you acknowledge and understand that if eero is unable to provide the site or eero device as a result of a force majeure event eero will not be in breach of these terms. a force majeure event means any event beyond the control of eero. g. waiver. the failure to exercise, or delay in exercising, a right, power or remedy provided in these terms or by law shall not constitute a waiver of that right, power or remedy. eero’s waiver of any obligation or breach of these terms shall not operate as a waiver of any other obligation or subsequent breach of these terms. h. consent to electronic communications. by using the site, you consent to receiving certain electronic communications from us as further described in our privacy policy. please read our privacy policy to learn more about your choices regarding our electronic communications practices. you agree that any notices, agreements, disclosures, or other communications that we send to you electronically will satisfy any legal communication requirements, including that such communications be in writing. i. export. you may not use, export, import, or transfer the eero device, or any services accessible via the site except as authorized by u.s. law, the laws of the jurisdiction in which you obtained access to the site or are using the eero device, and any other applicable laws. in particular, but without limitation, the eero device and services accessible via the site may not be exported or re-exported (a) into any united states embargoed countries, or (b) to anyone on the u.s. treasury department’s list of specially designated nationals or the u.s. department of commerce’s denied person’s list or entity list. by using services accessible via the site or ordering the eero device, you represent and warrant that (i) you are not located in a country that is subject to a u.s. government embargo, or that has been designated by the u.s. government as a “terrorist supporting” country and (ii) you are not listed on any u.s. government list of prohibited or restricted parties. 17. questions, complaints, and claims. if you have any questions, complaints or claims, please contact us at help@eero.com. we will do our best to address your concerns. if you feel that your concerns have been addressed incompletely, we invite you to let us know for further investigation. 18. consumer complaints. in accordance with california civil code §1789.3, you may report complaints to the complaint assistance unit of the division of consumer services of the california department of consumer affairs by contacting them in writing at 400 r street, sacramento, ca 95814, or by telephone at (800) 952-5210. please enter in a valid email address thanks! we always email responsibly. faq blog privacy policy terms of service eero will be available to order later this year. pre-orders are now closed. let’s be friends in the meantime. please enter in a valid email address thanks! we'll keep you posted.