来源URL: https://web.archive.org/web/20221231091409/https://eero.com/pro-installers
================================================================================

eero - finally, wifi that worksusausacanukausproductshow it workseero built-ineero plussupportfor service providersfor pro installersfor businessusausacanukausfor service providersfor pro installersfor businessproductshow it workseero built-ineero plussupport0eero pro wifieero pro 6eeero pro 6eero wifieero 6+eero 6eeroeero add-onseero 6 extendereero beaconeero built-inecho dotnewring alarm proshop all built-insubscriptioneero plussaleshop allexperiencediscover how whole-home wifi works for you.technologywhat sets our network apart? it's all about the truemesh.comparefind my systemfree 2-day shipping | 30-day money back guaranteefree 2-day shipping | 30-day money back guaranteeeero for pro installerswe’re here to make things simple.eero for pro installers bundles the hardware and software you need to easily install and manage world-class wifi for your customers.get started todayeero for pro installersloginsign upsoftware built to take care of everything.the eero for pro installers software package makes it easier to set up devices, manage networks, get insights, maintain client relationships, minimize billing, and connect with customer service.get networks running in minutesour improved installer experience in the mobile app makes it simple to get your customers online quickly and easily.manage networks from the appwith eero for pro installers, you can manage, troubleshoot, and transfer networks right from your phone or desktop.service customers from anywheremobile access to eero insight lets you view network outages, firmware updates, and bandwidth utilization without having to go onsite.no monthly billingeach poe device comes with a built in license for eero for pro installers at no additional cost for your customers. they enjoy a more seamless experience and you spend less time on paperwork.built for lasting relationshipsonce the eero for pro installers license expires, clients will have the opportunity to extend their existing service or upgrade to the latest eero hardware, which will include a new license.hardware built for professional-sized jobs.built to work together, the new eero poe 6 and eero poe gateway combine to support fast reliable wifi for homes or small businesses.play videoeero poe 6$299.99retail pricedual-band wi-fi 6 power over ethernet (poe) access pointsupports wireless speeds up to 1.6 gbpscan provide coverage for up to 2,000 sq. ft., with support for 100+ devicesincludes mounting bracket for simple ceiling or wall installation, to help maximize coveragefind a distributorsetup guidecoming sooneero poe gateway$649.99retail priceeero poe gateway is a 10 port hub gateway that powers multiple eero poe access pointstwo 10 gbe ports support wired speeds up to 9.4 gbps (upload and download)eight poe-capable 2.5 gbe ports share up to 100w of poe powerfind a distributorsetup guideconnect with support for pro installers.troubleshoot connectivity issues with a member of our eero support team.get supportlive phone support6am - 8pm pst7 days a weekadditional supportemail supportonline resourceseero provides the opportunity to enhance the customer’s connected home, including speakers, tv, and other components.topp robertsonm31 - flower mound, txget ready to work smarter, not harder.eero for pro installers makes it easy to install and maintain all of your clients’ networks.get started todaysome of our distributor partnerssnapavsnapone localallnetsnapone localcustomplussnapone localmrisnapone localvolutonesnapone local21st centuryecdmountain westnext leveldow technologieso'rourke salestech specseero poe 6wifi connectivitywi-fi 6 dual-band with support for 2.4 ghz and 5 ghz, compatible with older wifi standardswired connectivityone auto-sensing 2.5 gbe port and one auto-sensing gigabit ethernet port for wan and/or lan connectivitysmart home connectivityamazon frustration-free setup, bluetooth low energy 5.0, works as a smart home hub so you can control supported thread and zigbee devices with alexaprocessor, memory, and storage1 ghz dual-core processor, 512mb ram, 4gb flash storagesecuritywpa2-aes, wpa3-personal transition moderequired for setupinternet service (with a cable, fiber, or dsl modem, if required) and a supported ios or android devicerequirementsoperating: 32°f to 104°f (0°c to 40°c); electrical: 100-240v ac, 50-60 hz or poe; power supply: power over ethernet (802.3at) or 15w usb-c eero adapterdimensions6.45in x 6.45in x 1.7in (163.8mm x 163.8mm x 43mm)actual size may vary by manufacturing process.warranty and support1-year limited warranty. customer support is available 7 days a week. learn more about warranty and support.eero poe gatewaysupported speedstwo 10 gbe ports support wired speeds up to 9.4 gbps (upload and download). eight power over ethernet-capable 2.5 gigabit ethernet ports.software security updatesthis device receives guaranteed software security updates until at least five years after the device is last available for purchase as a new unit on our websites. learn more about these software security updates hererequired for setupsupported ios or android device and internet service (with cable or dsl modem, if required). see requirements.processor, memory and storagequad a73 processors, 2gb ram, 4gb flash memorydimensions9.8in x 5.3in x 1.8in (1.7in without feet) (250mm x 134mm x 45mm (43mm without feet))actual size may vary by manufacturing processwarranty and support1-year limited warranty. free customer support is available 7 days a week. learn more about warranty and support.requirementsoperating: 32° to 104°f (0° to 40°c); electrical: 100–240v ac for usb-pd supply; power supply: 140w usb-c or 45w usb-cother connectivityworks with alexa, certified for humans, bluetooth low energy 5.0, zigbee, and thread (all range-limited)subscriptionnew customers are eligible to access eero plus free for 30 days. learn more about this herefaqsare eero poe 6 and eero poe gateway compatible with non-eero poe devices?yes. eero poe 6 and eero poe gateway are also interoperable with non-eero poe devices.how long would it take a pro/custom installer to install eero poe gateway and eero poe 6?the time it takes to set up eero poe gateway and eero poe 6 will vary depending on installation of the wired infrastructure. once ethernet cable installation is complete, setting up eero poe gateway and eero poe 6 is easy and can be completed within minutes.will eero poe gateway and eero poe 6 work with my existing wifi devices? what if my wifi devices are not wi-fi 6 compatible?eero poe 6 and eero poe gateway are compatible with previous eero generations, including wi-fi 5 eero devices; however, combining the eero poe 6 or eero poe gateway with older generation eero devices on the same network may result in reduced performance across your network.how will eero poe gateway and eero poe 6 work together?eero poe 6 is a wi-fi 6 poe-enabled eero that features a wi-fi 6 2x2 access point supporting 160 mhz channels and speeds up to 1.6 gbps. eero poe gateway is a multi-gigabit wired gateway that supplies 100w of pooled power for poe-enabled devices, up to 802.3bt class 5. eero poe gateway and eero poe 6 will both fit seamlessly into your existing wired infrastructure. like other eero products, they are simple to set up after installation, easy to manage via the eero mobile app, and will continue to get better over time with over-the-air software updates.will eero poe devices require a subscription?for the end customer, no. eero for pro installers will be included with the purchase of eero poe 6 or eero poe gateway at no additional cost, and provides pro installers with an initial five year license for you to access premium eero insight features like network health monitoring, remote network management, and an improved installer experience in the eero mobile app. once a network license expires, eero poe gateway will continue to work for the customer.will eero poe devices be available globally?both eero poe gateway and eero poe 6 will initially be available in the united states and canada.what interfaces are supported on eero poe 6?wi-fi: 2x2:2 2.4 ghz and wi-fi 6, 2x2 5 ghz wi-fi 6 radiowi-fi channel widths: up to 40 mhz wide in 2.4 ghz; up to 160 mhz wide in 5 ghzethernet: 1 x 1 gbe, 1 x 2.5 gbepoe supported only on the 2.5 gbe portusb-c: supported to provide debug interface and dual powerlow-power radio supporting zigbee, thread and blehow much coverage can i expect from an eero poe 6?each eero poe 6 can provide up to 2,000 sq. ft. per device and features a wi-fi 6 2x2 access point supporting 160 mhz channels. eero poe 6 can support speeds up to 1.6 gbps. when the units are wired, the network does not need to rely on wireless signals to communicate between the eero access points. as a result, eero devices can be placed farther apart, increasing coverage throughout a home or business.when will eero poe gateway be available and how can customers buy one?eero poe gateway will primarily be available to customers through professional smart home installers, homebuilders, and isps. it will be available to purchase early in 2023.some features require linking your amazon account, and downloading the alexa application or using a compatible alexa device. internet connection speeds and availability depend on your internet service provider; if your internet service provider does not provide you with the maximum supported speed, you will not experience that maximum speed. maximum network speeds, if applicable, reflect combined supported speeds across wired and wireless clients. maximum wireless signal rates are derived from ieee 802.11 standard. specifications assume wired ethernet connection; your experienced speed may vary when connected to an eero device that is configured as a wireless extender. coverage estimates are based on normal use conditions. actual range and performance can vary, and maximum supported speeds may not be available to all customers, due to factors such as network configuration, interference, connected devices, device usage, building materials, location of the eero devices in your home / room, and obstructions. for eero poe 6, specifications are based on use of a wi-fi 6 or later generation client device that supports 160 mhz. combining the eero poe 6 with older generation eero devices on the same network may result in reduced performance across your network. eero poe gateway is not available at this time. device features, maximum speeds and coverage statements made here may change at eero’s sole discretion. for eero 6+ and eero pro 6e, specifications are based on use of a wi-fi 6 or later generation client device that supports 160 mhz. for eero 6, eero 6 extender, and eero pro 6, specifications are based on use of a wi-fi 6 or later client device. for eero, eero beacon, and eero pro, specifications are based on use of a wi-fi 5 or later client device. for more information about eero performance, visit support.eero.com. eero poe gateway has not been authorized as required by the rules of the federal communications commission. eero poe gateway is not, and may not be, offered for sale or lease, or sold or leased, until authorization is obtained.sign upproductsexperiencetechnologyeero built-ineero plus supportfind your systemcookie preferencesfor businessfor pro installersfor service providerscareersblogmedia roomlegalwhere to buyconnect with usfor the latest eero news and promotions.submitoops! please enter a valid email address© 2022 eero llc, san francisco, causausacanukaus