来源URL: https://web.archive.org/web/20121228091304/http://47stphoto.com/privacy-policy/?___store=default
================================================================================

privacy policy my account | track your order | wishlist | help javascript seems to be disabled in your browser. you must have javascript enabled in your browser to utilize the functionality of this website. 1-800-998-2066 live chat email 47st photo hello, sign in or new customer? search site: goadvanced search ( items) cameras & camcorders camerasdigital slr cameraspoint & shootmirrorlesscamcordershi definitionhard driveflash memorylensesdigital slr lensespoint and shoot lensescamcorder lensescamera accessoriescamera batteries and chargersbags & casesmemory and storageflashes and lightstripods & monopodsfiltersremote controlsmicrophonesrain coversbracketsviewfindersmore....camcorder accessoriescamcorder batteries and chargerscamcorder casesmemory and storagevideo mics and lightstripods and monopodsphoto / video kits tv & video televison3d tvled tvlcd tvdlp tvtv/ dvd combostv & video accessorieswall mount kitscable kitstv mounts appliances kitchenappliance packagescooking productsdishwashersgarbage disposalsrange hoodsice makersmicrowave ovensrefrigerators & freezerstrash compactorskitchen accessoriesmicro hoodssmall appliancesblendersstand mixerswine refrigeratorsshaversbread machinescoffee grinderscoffee & espresso machinesfood processorstoasters food slicersjuicersice cream makers can openerswaffles & grillshand mixersrice cookers/steamers water kettlesdeep fryerstoaster ovens hand blendersironsslow cookerslaundrywasher and dryer packageswashersdryersstack washers and dryerswasher and dryer combo unitscommercial dryerscommercial washerslaundry accessorieshealth and beautycomfort zoneair conditionersair purifiersbathroom accessories dehumidifiersfanshumidifiersmassagerscentral cooling and heatingvacuumswater dispenserswater heaterscomfort zone accessoriesliving outdoorsoutdoor grills /bbqsgrills and bbq accessoriesgrills and bbq accessories kitsoutdoor toys and gamesmosquito repellantoutdoor heaterslawn and gardensports and recreation audio accessoriesheadphones ipad & tablet accessoriesipod/ mp3 accessoriesipod audio stationsportable dvd accessoriesrechargeable batteriespower adapters/ chargers computers touch screen computerslaptop / notebook computerslaptop bags and caseslaptop accessoriesipads & tabletse readerscomputer accessoriescomputer speakersipad accessoriesmouse & keyboardscomputer monitorsexternal hard drivessurge protectorsnetworking & modemscables & connectionslaptop accessoriesbattery back-upstv wireless adaptednetworking accessoriesaccess points and switchedcomputer hardwaredigital reader accessoriesrecordable dvd discscd-r & cd-r-wcases and bagssoftwaremiscellaneous laptop accessorieslaptop power adapterdocking stationcomputer notebook batteriesmemory cardsprinters & scannersprintersscannerscables & connectionsprinter accessoriesdigital photo papergamingvideo gamesvideo game accessoriesgaming consolesgunnar digitial performance eyewear portable electronics navigationcar navigationgpsmotorcycle gpscar audiocar audio processorscar audio amplifierscar audio speakerssingle din receiversdouble din receivershd radio - for car satellite radiovehicle sub enclosuresipads / tablets / e-readersipads and tabletse-readersipad / tablet / e-reader accessoriesmusic playersipods and mp3 playersportable dvd playersboomboxesportable satellite radioclock radiospersonal cd playersradiosvoice recordersaccessoriesheadphonesipod and mp3 player accessoriesrechargeable batteries mobile electronics mobile phonesmobile phonesmobile phones accessoriesbluetooth headsetsoutdoor2- way radiosflashlightsnavigationcar navigationgpsmotorcycle gpscar navigation & gps accessoriesmobile audiopotable electroniccar audio processorscar audio amplifierscar audio speakerssingle din receiversdouble din receivershd radio - for car satellite radiovehicle sub enclosuresmobile packagessirius satellite radioxm satellite radio save money overstocksclose outs sample salesone of a kindopen boxescertified pre owned more health and beauty fitness equipmentjewlerywatchestoolssports and recreationsurveillance shaverstravel walletsmen'swomen'ssunglassesplumbingkitchen sinksfaucetswater dispensersbuilt-in soap & lotion dispensershand dryersgarage/ basementgarage organizersmosquito repelleantsump pumpsoutdoor heatersironstrash cans privacy policy privacy & security your privacy is of the utmost importance to us. by participating in the council of better business bureau's bbbonline privacy program we have made a commitment to meet and beat the programs' strict requirements regarding how we treat your information. below is the 47 st. photo privacy and security policy: security: 47 st. photo has obtained a digital certificate from cybertrust, a leading provider of internet trust services. 47 st. photo's website is also tested and certified daily by scanalert to receive its hacker safe certification which ensures that the website passes the fbi/sans internet security test. when visiting a page on our site that includes any of your personal information, the bottom of your browser window will display, an icon of a closed lock or an unbroken key (depending upon your browser). this indicates that you have successfully connected with our secure server. to authenticate the security of your connection before submitting any of your personal information, you can double click on the icon to display our digital certificate. some browser versions and some firewalls do not permit communication through secure servers. in that case, we suggest that you contact us by phone or fax your order to us. cookies: when you visit our site, we will ask your browser to place a permanent "cookie" (a very small text file) on your computer. if your browser is configured to accept cookies, it will accept the cookie and place it on your computer's hard drive. we collect this information to analyze where our customers are coming from and how often they visit our site. we also collect certain technical information from your computer, like your ip address and the address of a referring web site, if any. this information will allow us to enhance our site to our customer's preferences. this information is used only for the benefit of 47 st. photo and you, our customer. you can visit our site without cookies if you choose to do so. however, please be aware that some features of the site may not function properly or may be slower if you refuse cookies. to visit our site without cookies, you can configure your browser to reject all cookies or to notify you when a cookie is set. check the browsers help menu to learn how to change your cookie preferences. registration: in order to identify who you are, we suggest that you register and log-in when you visit our site. this allows us to provide you with your "order status" and other information that is uniquely yours. how to access and/or correct your information: we use this procedure to safeguard your information. to protect your privacy and security, we will take reasonable steps to verify your identity before granting access or making corrections. you can correct factual errors in your personally identifiable information by sending us a request that credibly shows the error. if you place an order with a ship-to address that differs from your bill-to address, we retain this information as well. you can modify or correct this information by following the procedure described above. such information is used at your request to ship purchased merchandise and may also be used for marketing purposes, but will not be sold to any third parties. what information is collected: when you choose to place an order with us, you are invited to log in (optional), so that we can identify who you are. as a newcomer, it will be suggested that you register for future identification. the registration page asks you to enter your name, a user id, a password, and your e-mail address. you can update this information at any time by clicking on the "my account" link at the top of every page and selecting "update account information." placing an order: when you decide to place an order, you are asked to complete an order form. the order form requires your name, billing and shipping address, credit card number, expiration date and cvv (card verification value). you should also include other information fields such as your telephone number, to allow us to contact you regarding your order if necessary. this information is collected to make your shopping experience with us as smooth and pleasant as possible. it is used only for the benefit of 47 st. photo and you, our customer. links: our site contains links to manufacturers, and other related sites for your benefit. 47 st. photo is not responsible for the privacy practices, security, or content of such web sites. if you click on one of these links, you will be redirected to their web site and, in doing so, you may provide information directly to them. therefore, you should refer to their privacy policies to understand how they handle your information and what choices you have. relationships/sharing information:   47 st. photo maintains special relationships with a number of secure business partners. for your security or benefit, when you make a purchase, we may share information about you and the transaction with other companies for many reasons including verification, fraud prevention, credit card authorization, and shipping purposes. 47 st. photo may share account or other information when we are required by law (e.g., in response to subpoenas, court orders, etc.) or to protect our interests or property. this may include sharing information with other companies, lawyers, credit bureaus, agents or government agencies in connection with issues related to fraud, credit or debt collection. you agree that 47 st. photo may use personal information provided by you in order to conduct appropriate anti-fraud checks. personal information that you provide may be disclosed to a credit reference or fraud prevention agency, which may keep a record of that information. 47 st. photo also shares information with outside companies that perform services for 47 st. photo. for example, when a customer signs up for our e-mail newsletters, 47 st. photo will provide the customers e-mail address to third party e-mail distribution companies that transmit e-mails on behalf of 47 st. photo. your e-mail address will not be used by these companies for any purpose other than for the transmission of e-mails for 47 st. photo. we may retain outside companies to assist us in managing our customer information database or to update and correct customer information for future marketing purposes. 47 st. photo takes steps to ensure the confidentiality of your information and to make sure it is not used for other purposes. for more information about the companies with whom 47 st. photo shares customer information, please contact us. use of information: we may use your information in a number of ways, including the following: • in order to serve you better, we may combine the information you provide us online, in our superstore and through our catalogues. we use that information to improve your overall shopping experience. • to improve the content on our web site. for example, we may use cookies to find out which parts of our site or our products are visited most often. • to enhance your online shopping experience. • for marketing and promotional purposes. mail & spam issues: you may request to receive the 47 st. photo catalogue, brochure periodically by mail or e-mail notification of specials that may be of interest to you. 47 st. photo will never spam or send unsolicited materials based on information collected at our site. registrants may opt out of receiving materials from us at any time by contacting us with such request. please contact us via e-mail, by telephone include your name, address, and other information as it appears on the mailing label, and indicate "do not mail". our commitment to children's privacy: we never collect or maintain information at our website from those we actually know are under 13, nor is any part of our website structured to attract anyone under 13. if security or privacy is still of concern to you, please contact us via phone (718.998.6666). if you do not want to receive promotional email from 47 st. photo, please e-mail unsubscribe@47stphoto.com note: once you have submitted your request you should assume that it has been successfully received and your request is being processed. please allow us a reasonable period from when the request was received to complete the removal. our transaction security, combined with our privacy guarantee, should satisfy your concerns regarding online ordering. keep in mind however that you have a number of alternate choices available for doing business with 47 st. photo. 1. you can order on-line without sending your credit card number over the internet. just complete our on-line order form, print, and fax it to us. 2. if you prefer, you can always call 800-998-2066 or 718-998-6666, and place your order by telephone. if you have any questions regarding this privacy statement, the practices of this site, or your dealings with this web site, you can contact our webmaster. changes to 47 st. photo privacy policy:   by visiting our site you consent to our collection and use of your information as described in this policy. we reserve the right to modify this privacy policy and related business practices at any time by posting updated text on this site. california privacy rights: if you are a california resident, you have the right to receive: (a) information identifying all third party companies to whom 47 st. photo may have disclosed, within the past year, personal information pertaining to you and your family for that company’s direct marketing purposes; and (b) a description of the categories of personal information disclosed. to obtain this information, please e-mail your request to: click here please allow 30 days for a response. compare products you have no items to compare. sign up for our newsletter: subscribe like us on: follow us on: contact us : 1-800-998-2066 live chat email 47st.photo email sign up receive exclusive offers, the latest deals and expert advice. subscribe contact us help faqs return policy payments international orders shipping & delivery track your order tools and resources rebate center rewards center trade-in center gift cards affiliates shop by brand site map company information about us office hours review us testimonials career opportunities 47st. photo blog about us | customer service | privacy policy 47st photo 2012© all rights reserved | website by bolt web solutions live chat