来源URL: https://web.archive.org/web/20100413143250/http://www.beachaudio.com/info.php
================================================================================

beach audio - about us | customer help center : consumer electronics, video games, cables, appliances, and much more! home |  order status |  help center |  faq |  return request |  log in search entire siteaudiovideodvdphotographycommunicationsgamingcarcomputersappliancesmusic & djblank mediaoffice for shop by brand audio video dvd photography communications gaming car computers appliances music & dj blank media office more... home » help centercustomer help center about us customer ratings & testimonials sales and support shipping info pricing / description mistakes delivery time sales tax payment methods return policy security privacy website feedback about us named into the prestigious internet retailer top 500 guide, beach audio was founded in august 2002 with a mission to provide the best experience on the internet for buying consumer electronics.  we focus on making purchasing electronics online a pleasant experience.  unfortunately, many of our competitors would rather bombard you with pop-ups, unrelated advertising, and up-selling, than making their sites easy to use. because we value you, our customer, we will never insult you with third party advertisements. have you ever found a low price on another web site, just to be socked with the exorbitant shipping cost on the final checkout page? that won't happen here! we offer flat rate ground shipping on all items under 75 pounds that can be shipped via common carrier.  orders $100 and above ship for free, and orders under $100 ship for only $8. our product availability is clearly displayed on every product page, with the time the inventory was last updated, so you can avoid back order surprises. our non-commissioned customer service representatives are here to help you with any questions you might have.  we aim to pick up the phone within one to two rings and you will not need to navigate any touch tone menus to reach a cheerful sales representative. our sales office is located in beautiful town of manhattan beach, california, just three miles south of lax international airport and within one mile of the landmark manhattan beach pier.  we do not stock any inventory at our sales office.  instead, we ship from several warehouses located throughout the country. our sophisticated fulfillment system will automatically ship from the warehouse location that is the closest to your shipping address!   because we are streamlined to do internet fulfillment, we cannot offer in-store pickup except for certain larger televisions that are available out of our canoga park, california warehouse.  please call for details. all items we sell are brand new and factory sealed. we do not sell any refurbished, second hand, or "b stock" merchandise. why are our prices so low? it's simple.  we have modeled our business much like a wholesaler.  we sell in huge volume and have streamlined our operations to provide you with the best combination of price and service available anywhere.  need further proof? visit our independent ratings page! customer ratings & testimonials we are quite proud of the ratings and testimonials we receive from independent sources. please visit our ratings & testimonials page to see for yourself! sales and support we'll be glad to help you with all of your questions and concerns. toll free order line: 877-804-0495 local: 310-683-5975 hours: (8am - 5pm pst m-f) product information: shipping continental united states we currently ship to the continental united states, alaska, hawaii and puerto rico.  for any other locations please see 'international shipping' below.  we do not ship to any address that ups or fedex cannot deliver to.  this includes apo and po box addresses. the flat rate shipping fee applies only to items that can be shipped via ups ground. items that cannot be shipped ups ground include all televisions 40" or larger and any delivery outside of the continental united states. us customers have the option of choosing ups next day air, 2nd day air or 3 day select service, for an additional fee.  customers in hi and ak must choose either ups 2nd day air or next day air service since ups ground service is not available to these areas. international shipping international orders are an important part of how we serve our customers around the world. to place an order for international shipment, browse our web site and add items to your cart as usual. on the cart page, under "shipping options", there is a button that reads "international checkout". after you have added all the items you wish to purchase to your cart, click that button. the contents of your cart will automatically be transferred to our partner 'internationalcheckout.com' where you will complete the order process. the friendly and professional people at international checkout will process your order as well as handle all inquiries regarding your international order. inquiries should be directed to cs@internationalcheckout.com. pricing/description mistakes we do our best to make sure our prices and descriptions are accurate. in the event that a pricing or description mistake is made, beach audio reserves the right to cancel the order at any time and for any reason. in this case a full refund will be given for the order. delivery time most orders ship within one business day from the time the order is placed. orders take one to six business days to reach their destination.  our order cutoff time is 11am pst.  any order placed after this time will ship the following business day.  this includes air orders placed after 11am pst!  in the event that an item is out of stock, you will be notified within one business day. sales tax if your shipping address is in california, you will automatically be charged 9.75% sales tax.  orders shipped outside of california are not taxed. payment methods we accept visa, master card, american express, and discover. we do not accept personal checks or money orders.  we strongly encourage you to pay by credit card for your own protection. it is the safest and fastest method of payment. return policy try our new: online return authorization form for fastest processing, please use our new online return authorization form to get an ra# (return authorization number). orders returned without an ra# will be refused.  please do not ship any returns to our manhattan beach address - it will be refused!  when you receive your ra# from us, it will include the proper address to send the return.  note that inbound and outbound shipping charges are not refundable or reimbursable under any circumstance. also note that we cannot take back any return without the original manufacturer's box and packing materials. be sure to keep all of this until you are absolutely sure you won't be returning it! excluded items - the following items cannot be returned to beach audio for any reason: all televisions/displays 40" and over (including lcd and plasma), massage chairs, television stands, all home and office video projectors, toner cartridges, electric scooters, opened dvds, opened video games, computer games, computer software, computers and notebooks, cd duplicators, air conditioners, refrigerators, ranges, ventilation, ceiling fans and any activated satellite unit (xm, sirius, directv, etc). the manufacturers of these items require that all returns go through them via included warranties. defective items - defective items other then those mentioned in "excluded items" above may be returned within 30 days of delivery. due to the complexity of internet transactions, we do not offer exchanges, however we will gladly credit the outgoing ground shipping costs of a replacement order.  please send an email to with the order number if a replacement order is made for a freight credit. note: if the replacement is purchased using express shipping, only the ground freight delivery cost will be refunded. non-defective items - all non-defective items other then those mentioned in "excluded items" above may be returned for 30 days after delivery date.   these returns will be charged a 10% restocking fee. opened items must be in re-sellable condition and have all original packaging, accessories, manuals and warranty cards included.  a larger restocking fee (20-50%) will be applied if the item is returned in a condition that prevents us from re-selling it. damaged items - in the rare event that an item arrives damaged, please refuse shipment if the damage is external or notify us within 24 hours if the damage is concealed. we cannot accept damage claims after 24 hours from date of signature. beach audio, at it's sole discretion, will either ship a replacement or issue a full refund when, and if, the claim is settled with the carrier.  items shipped to freight forwarders must be inspected for damage prior to forwarding shipment. no damage claims will be accepted once an item has been signed for or left in possession of freight forwarder. security beach audio uses the latest in ssl encryption technology to make sure your order is secure. credit card numbers are encrypted before they reach our servers to provide an extra level of protection. privacy policy what information do we collect? we collect information from you when you register on our site, place an order or subscribe to our newsletter. when ordering or registering on our site, as appropriate, you may be asked to enter your: name, e-mail address, mailing address, phone number or credit card information. you may, however, visit our site anonymously.what do we use your information for? any of the information we collect from you may be used in one of the following ways: • to personalize your experience: your information helps us to better respond to your individual needs• to improve our website: we continually strive to improve our website offerings based on the information and feedback we receive from you• to improve customer service - your information helps us to more effectively respond to your customer service requests and support needs• to process transactions - your information, whether public or private, will not be sold, exchanged, transferred, or given to any other company for any reason whatsoever, without your consent, other than for the express purpose of delivering the purchased product or service requested.• to administer a contest, promotion, survey or other site feature• to send periodic emails - the email address you provide for order processing, will only be used to send you information and updates pertaining to your order. if you decide to opt-in to our mailing list, you will receive emails that may include company news, updates, related product or service information, etc.note: if at any time you would like to unsubscribe from receiving future emails, we include detailed unsubscribe instructions at the bottom of each email.how do we protect your information? we implement a variety of security measures to maintain the safety of your personal information when you place an order or access your personal information. we offer the use of a secure server. all supplied sensitive/credit information is transmitted via secure socket layer (ssl) technology and then encrypted into our database to be only accessed by those authorized with special access rights to our systems, and are required to keep the information confidential. after a transaction, your private information (credit cards, social security numbers, financials, etc.) will not be stored on our servers.do we use cookies? yes (cookies are small files that a site or its service provider transfers to your computers hard drive through your web browser (if you allow) that enables the sites or service providers systems to recognize your browser and capture and remember certain information we use cookies to help us remember and process the items in your shopping cart and compile aggregate data about site traffic and site interaction so that we can offer better site experiences and tools in the future. we may contract with third-party service providers to assist us in better understanding our site visitors. these service providers are not permitted to use the information collected on our behalf except to help us conduct and improve our business.do we disclose any information to outside parties? we do not sell, trade, or otherwise transfer to outside parties your personally identifiable information. this does not include trusted third parties who assist us in operating our website, conducting our business, or servicing you, so long as those parties agree to keep this information confidential. third party links occasionally, at our discretion, we may include or offer third party products or services on our website. these third party sites have separate and independent privacy policies. we therefore have no responsibility or liability for the content and activities of these linked sites. nonetheless, we seek to protect the integrity of our site and welcome any feedback about these sites.california online privacy protection act compliancebecause we value your privacy we have taken the necessary precautions to be in compliance with the california online privacy protection act. we therefore will not distribute your personal information to outside parties without your consent.as part of the california online privacy protection act, all users of our site may make any changes to their information at anytime by logging into their account and going to the 'view or change my account information' page.online privacy policy only this online privacy policy applies only to information collected through our website and not to information collected offline.your consent by using our site, you consent to our web site privacy policy.changes to our privacy policy if we decide to change our privacy policy, we will post those changes on this page. this policy was last modified on october 5, 2009contacting us if there are any questions regarding this privacy policy you may contact us using the information below. note: our billing address is below. do not send returns to this address. all returns to this address will be refused.see our return policy above for return instructions beach audio 1601 n sepulveda blvd #712 manhattan beach, ca 90266 fax:      310-601-1854 e-mail: website feedbackwe'd be glad to hear your feedback on our site. was it easy to use? is there anything you did not understand? is there anything else you would like the site to provide? or do you just want to give a 'hello' to our team! contact us at facebook exclusives! become a beach audio fan for: exclusive couponsspecial promotionsfun contests payment optionsnow accepting information customer help centerholiday shipping deadlinesreturn requestfaqabout ustestimonialssales and supportshipping infosales taxpayment methodsreturn policysecurity privacysite informationbeach audio newsmanufacturersorder statusmy accountsite maptools and widgetsbattery findertop searchesproduct reviewspromotions lower shipping rates check out our drasticallyreduced shipping rates!< more > dvds & video games now offering over 20,000 dvd & video game titles.$4 shipping!< more > write a reviews and win! trusted / secure customer help center return request about us testimonials sales tax payment methods return policy faq privacy shipping info site information order status my account site map product reviews shop by brand trusted beach audio is upfront © 2008 beach audio, inc. all rights reserved