来源URL: https://web.archive.org/web/20141219070128/http://www.beachaudio.com/faq.php
================================================================================

beach audio - [faq] frequently asked questions : consumer electronics, video games, cables, appliances, and much more! home |  order status |  help center |  faq |  return request |  log in search entire siteaudiovideodvdphotographycommunicationsgamingcarcomputersappliancesmusic & djblank mediaoffice for shop by brand audio video dvd photography communications gaming car computers appliances music & dj blank media office more... home » faq[faq] frequently asked questions company information1. what makes beach audio better than other electronics dealers? 2. how long have you been in business? 3. where are you located? 4. why should i trust you? 5. do you have a store? 6. can i pick something up from your warehouse? contacting us7. by phone 8. by email 9. by snail mail 10. by fax 11. are you going to try to sell me something if i call in? security and confidenciality12. what is your privacy policy? 13. is my personal and credit card information secure? order status14. how do i find out my order status? 15. how do i track my order? 16. how do i cancel an order? 17. how long will my order be held on back order if the item is not in stock? shipping18. do you ship to alaska, hawaii, and puerto rico? 19. how long will it take to receive my order using the flat rate ground shipping? 20. do you ship to po boxes and/or apo's? 21. where will my item ship from? 22. do you ship internationally? 23. how much do you charge for shipping? 24. what is bongo international checkout pricing and billing25. when will my credit card be charged? 26. do you price match? 27. do you charge sales tax? 28. do you sell used or refurbished items? 29. what payment methods do you accept? paypal30. what is paypal checkout? 31. what is a paypal confirmed address? 32. how can i confirm a paypal shipping address? google checkout33. how do i use google checkout? 34. how do i check the status of my order with google checkout? 35. why is the google checkout button gray? 36. how do promotions work? 37. who should i contact if i have questions with an order? returns38. what is your return policy? 39. how long does it take to get a refund? [faq] responses [back to top]1. what makes beach audio better than other electronics dealers? our focus is to make purchasing electronics online a pleasant experience. we have gone out of our way to provide detailed product specs, side by side product comparisons, and product finders to make finding the product you need as easy as possible. in addition, while many web sites have abandoned phone support, our friendly us based call center is here for any questions you may have. you may be surprised by just how quickly we pick up the phone! 2. how long have you been in business? beach audio was founded in august 2002. we have also been a top seller on amazon.com since our inception. 3. where are you located? our sales office is located in the seaside town of manhattan beach, california, just three miles south of los angeles international airport and within one mile of the landmark manhattan beach pier. our warehouses are located throughout the country so that we can get orders delivered fast no matter where you are located! 4. why should i trust you? we have a proven track record of excellent customer service and support. but don't take our word for it! check our ratings and 3rd party reviews provided by our customers on amazon.com, bizrate, shopping.com and pricegrabber! 5. do you have a store? no, all orders are placed online or over the phone. we ship from several warehouses located throughout the country. we believe our online only business model keeps us focused on providing you the best internet shopping experience possible. [back to top]6. can i pick something up from your warehouse? we do not have product available for pick up, but please feel free to contact us for an estimated shipping time to your location. 7. by phone 310-421-0280 8. by email 9. by snail mail 1601 n sepulveda blvd #712manhattan beach, ca 90266 10. by fax 310-601-1854 [back to top]11. are you going to try to sell me something if i call in? no! our non-commissioned customer service representatives are here to help you with any questions you might have. should we not know the answer to very specific product questions, we can most likely refer you to a manufacturer representative who can answer your question. 12. what is your privacy policy? beach audio respects your right to privacy and will not distribute your personal information to any third party that is not involved in the fulfillment your order. 13. is my personal and credit card information secure? beach audio uses the latest in ssl encryption technology to make sure your order is secure. credit card numbers are encrypted before they reach our servers to provide an extra level of protection. 14. how do i find out my order status? you can check the stats of your order using your email address and the order number. just click on 'order status' on our homepage. you could also call us if you need further assistance. 15. how do i track my order? once your order ships, we will email you a tracking number. depending on the shipment, you can visit the ups or fedex website to track your order. [back to top]16. how do i cancel an order? if you decide to cancel your order, it is best to call us at 877-804-0495. we try to ship out most orders almost as quickly as we receive them, giving us a very small window to cancel orders. in many cases, our warehouse is packaging and shipping your order within minutes of receiving it. however, once an item ships, you can still refuse the shipment for a refund, minus any freight charges. 17. how long will my order be held on back order if the item is not in stock? we will only back order items for up to 30 days and then the order will be cancelled. please contact us if you would like to extend the order an additional 30 days. 18. do you ship to alaska, hawaii, and puerto rico? we do ship to alaska, hawaii, and puerto rico via ups 2nd day air. orders shipping to puerto rico must be placed over the phone. 19. how long will it take to receive my order using the flat rate ground shipping? simply enter your zip code on any product page and a window will pop up showing you all shipping rates and estimated times of delivery 20. do you ship to po boxes and/or apo's? because most of our orders ship via ups, we do not ship to po boxes or apo/fpo addresses. [back to top]21. where will my item ship from? your order will automatically ship from our warehouse closest to your shipping address, depending on inventory. feel free to contact one of our customer service representatives to get more specific information. 22. do you ship internationally? beach audio is proud to announce that we are now working with a partner, bongo international, to meet the growing needs of our customers who live outside of the united states. international customers can choose bongo international as their method of payment from the beach audio website's shopping cart page. 23. how much do you charge for shipping? free ground shipping for orders over $100!! for orders under $100, we charge a flat rate of $8 for shipping! 24. what is bongo international checkout to meet the growing needs of our customers who live outside of the united states, beach audio has partnered with bongo international. customers outside of the us can choose bongo international as their method of payment from the beach audio website. bongo international will place the order with beach audio and receive the order at their nearest us depot. they will then inspect the items, repackage and ship to customers anywhere in the world. whether shipping to canada, mexico, or as far away as india, this partnership will help provide professional and fast international service. for more information, please visit bongo international here (https://bongous.com/). 25. when will my credit card be charged? when you initially place your order with beach audio, we will authorize your credit card for the amount of the purchase. your card is not charged until the order is shipped. for paypal and google checkout orders only, your card will be charged immediately after placing the order regardless of when it ships. [back to top]26. do you price match? no. many competitors use shady practices such as selling foreign products, drastically marking up shipping, or using bait and switch techniques. because we are an honest dealer, we cannot match prices when our competitors are using such deceptive techniques. our prices may not always be the lowest, but we try to balance that with quick shipping and excellent customer service. 27. do you charge sales tax? sales tax is charged on all orders shipping to california and north carolina. for oklahoma customers: oklahoma sales tax 710:65-21-8 (a) beach audio is not required, and does not collect oklahoma sales or use tax; (b) the purchase is subject to oklahoma use tax unless it is specifically exempt from taxation; (c) the purchase is not exempt merely because it is made over the internet, by catalog, or by other remote means; (d) the state of oklahoma requires oklahoma purchasers to report all purchases that were not taxed and pay tax on those purchases. the tax may be reported and paid on the oklahoma individual income tax return [form 511] or by filing a consumer use tax return. [form 21-1]; and (e) the referenced forms and corresponding instructions are available on the oklahoma tax commission website, www.tax.ok.gov. 28. do you sell used or refurbished items? all of our items are brand new, factory sealed and come with the manufacturers warranty. 29. what payment methods do you accept? we accept visa, mastercard, american express and discover. we do not accept purchase orders. beach audio is now accepting paypal as well. existing paypal users can quickly checkout without having to type in billing and shipping information. paypal allows users to pay using debit cards, bank accounts, credit cards or stored balances that are accessed through their individual paypal accounts. 30. what is paypal checkout? paypal allows users to pay using debit cards, bank accounts, credit cards or stored balances that are accessed through their individual paypal accounts. existing paypal users can quickly checkout without having to type in billing and shipping information. paypal gives beach audio customers more convenience, ease, and flexibility! [back to top]31. what is a paypal confirmed address? when a buyer's credit card billing and shipping addresses are the same. in some cases, paypal has examined the buyer's paypal account history.     read the full description on paypal's site here 32. how can i confirm a paypal shipping address? add a credit card to your paypal account. paypal will confirm the credit card billing address (the address where you receive your credit card statement). apply for paypal buyer credit. if you're approved, the address on your application will be a confirmed address. alternate address confirmation. this process takes several days and is only available for u.s. accounts. to learn more, log in to your paypal account and visit alternate address confirmation. read the full description on paypal's site here 33. how do i use google checkout? choose google checkout when you view your cart. if you've used google checkout before, all you need to do is provide your checkout username and password to buy from us. if you're using checkout for the first time, you only have to fill out a single page of information once to make your first purchase. your information will be saved and you can use this account for all google checkout merchants across the web. for more information, visit google checkout here. 34. how do i check the status of my order with google checkout? you can check the stats of your order using your email address and the order number. just click on order status on our homepage. you could also call us if you need further assistance. 35. why is the google checkout button gray? if an item is not eligible to be purchased through google checkout, it will be grayed out and you will need to use another checkout method. [back to top]36. how do promotions work? from time to time, beach audio and google offer special promotions to use google checkout. these incentives will only be visible in your google checkout account, and may not be reflected in our records. if you cancel your order or return an item for a refund, please check google's policy. 37. who should i contact if i have questions with an order? if you have any questions regarding your order, please contact beach audio at 877-804-0495. google checkout is a fast, safe, convenient checkout process that you can use, but all communication is still maintained by beach audio. you may contact us regarding shipping, changes to your order, tracking and returns. we will contact you at the email address listed in your google checkout account. 38. what is your return policy? please read our official return policy. 39. how long does it take to get a refund? once the item is returned to our warehouse, a refund will be processed. the refund could take 7 to 10 business days to be processed and returned to your credit card. feedback / questions ? payment optionsnow accepting information customer help centerreturn requestfaqabout ustestimonialssales and supportshipping infosales taxpayment methodsreturn policysecurity privacysite informationmanufacturersorder statusmy accountsite maptools and widgetsbattery findertop searchesproduct reviewspromotions lower shipping rates check out our drasticallyreduced shipping rates!< more > dvds & video games now offering over 20,000 dvd & video game titles.$4 shipping!< more > write a reviews and win! customer help center return request about us testimonials sales tax payment methods return policy faq privacy shipping info site information order status my account site map product reviews shop by brand product links categories brands products top searches © 2014 beach audio, inc. all rights reserved