来源URL: https://web.archive.org/web/20161229140558/http://www.4inkjets.com/customerservice/
================================================================================

customer service - 4inkjets we detected that your javascript seem to be disabled. you must have javascript enabled in your browser to utilize the functionality of this website. free shipping on orders over $50* free shipping on orders over $50 to the contiguous u.s. multiple fulfillment centers - so you get your order faster! orders placed before 4pm usually ship the same day! close learn more live support 7 days a week at 800-465-5387 menu 4 ink jets search go my cart 0 you have no items in your shopping cart. track order create account sign in close sign in track order live chat shop brands: hp canon epson brother lexmark dell samsung more brands kodak konica-minolta kyocera-mita okidata panasonic pitney bowes ricoh sharp toshiba xerox additional brands supplies 3d printing cables ink refill kits paper 800-465-5387 about us contact privacy policies shipping policies faq customer service: 800-465-5387 m-f 6am - 6pm pst sat&sun 7am - 4pm pst award winning customer service customer service phone: 800-465-5387 email: email@4inkjets.com t: 800 465-5387 e: email@4inkjets.com corporate sales phone: 866-465-2583 email: corporate@4inkjets.com t: 866-465-2583 e: corporate@4inkjets.com school & government sales phone: 888-375-6648 email: gov@4inkjets.com t: 888-375-6648 e: gov@4inkjets.com have questions? we have answers - click a topic below to get started. shipping infoclose all orders over $50 shipping in the contiguous us include free shipping (hi, ak, apo, pr, guam, etc. excluded). rates to canada are based on weight and take longer to receive because of customs inspections at the border. for the full shipping policy, click here. shipping policy questions & answers how long will it take to get my package? orders delivered within the contiguous united states will arrive within two to five business days. if i place the order today, when will you ship? any order that we have in stock will go out from our warehouse on the same day as long as the order comes in before 4pm pst during the work week. otherwise, the order will go out on the next business day. what carrier do you use to ship? we use ups and the us postal service. the service that your package will be shipped with depends on the weight of the package. how much does shipping cost? all orders over $50 shipping in the contiguous us include free shipping (hi, ak, apo, pr, guam, etc. excluded) for shipping rates to canada and select overseas territories, please refer to our shipping policy. do you have faster shipping options? yes, we offer ups 2-day shipping and next day shipping. the prices vary by weight and the destination. we recommend that you call us to place an order that requires expedited shipping to check availability and ensure the fastest delivery. how do i confirm that a package has been shipped? online orders can be tracked by logging into your customer account on our website. an email confirmation that your package has been shipped is sent out for both online and phone orders. however, if you don't receive your confirmation email promptly, please contact us via phone, email, or live chat so we can assist you. do you ship internationally? the only international destinations we ship to are currentlyt canada, puerto rico, guam, and apo addresses. the rates to these destinations can be viewed on our shipping policy page. order tracking you can track packages being shipped within the contiguous united states from the moment that you order by entering your order number and email address or zip code. order tracking questions & answers where can i track my package? tracking information will be sent in an automated email following your order. from there, you can track your package through the shipping company's website with the information provided in that email. why didn't i receive the tracking number via email? the most likely cause of this is an incorrectly entered email address or that our email is being filtered as spam by your email client. if you cannot locate your shipping information email, feel free to give us a call. how can i get my tracking number? if you placed your order online, you can log into our website to look up your tracking information. if your order was placed over the phone, you can simply give us a call. privacy info 4inkjets takes your privacy very seriously. for your protection, we provide this notice explaining our online information practices and the options you can have regarding the way your information is collected and used. to make this notice easy to find, we make it available on our homepage and at every point where personally identifiable information may be requested. view our privacy policy. privacy policy questions & answers is it safe to put my credit card number on your site? 4inkjets.com uses ssl encryption for credit card security and we security test our site daily with mcafee security testing. you can check the status of our daily security through the mcafee secure icon on our homepage. the "live" security imprint only appears when we pass the daily security check. our privacy statement and policies have also been reviewed by truste for compliance with program requirements. who has access to my personal information when i enter it on your website? once your order has been placed, only the last 4 digits of your credit card are visible to our representatives for verification purposes. our employees do not have access to your credit card information. i do not want to use my credit card; do you accept other payment methods? our customers can also use paypal, amazon checkout, and pre-payment by check. anti-spam policy 4inkjets absolutely does not tolerate or engage in spamming and we only work with companies that promise not to spam. but, in the unlikely event that you are spammed, please let us know so we can take the necessary steps to resolve the issue. to report a spammer, please forward the email that you received to abuse@4inkjets.com. for the full anti-spam policy, click here. refund policy any product you purchase from 4inkjets comes with a two-year 100% satisfaction guarantee. if you find a problem with your order, we will gladly refund your purchase price or exchange your item--you choice. you can return the majority of our products for a full refund within 2 years of purchase. unfortunately, shipping costs are not refundable, unless there has been a packing error. for the full refund and return policy, click here. refund policy questions & answers how will i know when my refund goes through? the amount of your refund will appear on your account within a few days. within 7 and 14 days, you should be able to find your refund on your credit card or bank account statement. how long will it take to get my refund? returned packages generally take 7 to 14 days to be received, processed, and refunded. is there a restocking fee? no, 4inkjets.com does not charge a fee for returning items will you mail me a check for my refund? our policy is always issue refunds in the same method that we received them. this means that you will receive paper check only if your original payment was in the form of a check. the same goes for credit card and paypal payments. can i just get store credit? no, we do not offer store credit. if you wish to use your refund to order a different product, you can simply complete your second transaction when your refund is complete. school/government 4inkjets welcomes all government agencies to partner with us. 4inkjets has been partnering with federal, state and local government agencies across the us since 1999. we have multiple contract options available for your convenience, as well as specially priced online accounts. 4inkjets' government programs division is committed to delivering the easiest and most efficient office solutions for our government customers. for more information call us at (800) 465-5387 or email us at gov@4inkjets.com. personal check or money orders to pay by personal check or with a money order, please select the prepay by check option after you have added your items to the cart and are ready to checkout. this will allow you to place an order in our system and give you an invoice to print, as well as an order number to write on your check. then, you mail your check to us and once we get it we will ship out the order you placed online. common questions & answers i can't tell the difference between standard yield and high yield.close the difference between standard and high-yield cartridges is in the number of pages that the cartridge will print. sometimes the size and shape will differ but that is not always going to be the case. in terms of cost per page, a high-yield cartridge is a much better value than the alternative but it will cost a few dollars more. i can't create a new password. most problems with passwords are caused by the fact that each account can only have one active password at a time. this means that if you request a new password and then remember your old one, multiple attempts to log in with the old password will result in you being locked out of your account. it is also important to know that a request for a new password will void any previous requests. once an account is locked, the only way to log in again is to wait until your account is unlocked and then log in using the active password. i did not receive a confirmation number. there is an automated system that sends out order confirmation emails immediately after an online order is completed. that email should arrive in your inbox a short time after your purchase is completed. if the email is not delivered, the most common cause is that we do not have your full or correct email address. this, however, will not affect your order. if your email was correct, the next most common issue is that an email spam filter is keeping the confirmation email from being delivered. if your order was completed over the phone, your email address has to be manually entered into our system and that process can take a little longer. why can't i track my international package? packages destined for locations outside of the continental united states cannot be tracked because the logistics will not allow for it. those orders, because they require customs inspection at the border, do incur a short delay. but we are still happy to service our international customers. why does the cartridge i received look bigger/smaller/different than the oem? some of the differences in our compatible cartridges compared to the oem versions exist so that users can distinguish them from one another. when it comes to remanufactured cartridges, some of the parts have been replaced or repaired to ensure that the product that you receive is in perfect working condition. none of the differences that you notice on your cartridge will negatively affect your cartridges performance. how do i get discounts (coupons)? the easiest way to get discounts and coupons is to join our mailing list and have them delivered directly to your inbox. we also offer exclusive offers to users that interact with us on facebook and twitter. in addition to this, we also occasionally offer discounts and other offers through other companies that we work with. why is the ink level reading low or empty? some printers are not able to recognize the new ink level of a remanufactured ink cartridge. this means that although it is full of brand new ink, it may display a message telling you that it is time to buy more ink. if you are in this situation, you are still able to print, but you will simply have to monitor your own use. why are the remanufactured and compatible cartridges so much cheaper? the simple answer is that we spend less in the production of the cartridges and we can sell them at a much lower price. our compatible products, for instance, are made for printers that already exist, whereas the oem companies have to create both the cartridge and the printer itself. with remanufactured ink and toner cartridges, we are cleaning and repairing the cartridges before refilling and making them available for sale. that is still a significantly less expensive process than creating a new cartridge, which makes it possible for us to sell the products at a much lower price. why are remanufactured and compatible cartridges and how do they differ from oems? a remanufactured cartridge is one that has been used once as a brand-new cartridge. from there, we take the cartridges, clean them, repair any pieces that are broken or worn down, refill them with brand new ink, then test that they work properly and make them available to you for. our compatible cartridges are made completely new and made specifically to fit a certain printer. it serves the exact same function as an oem cartridge with the major difference being that our compatible products are our unique design and brand instead of the brand of your printer. the biggest difference in these cartridges is the price. our products are significantly less expensive and unlike most oem products, are 100% quality guaranteed. another major difference is our use of resources. each remanufactured ink and toner cartridge that is used by a consumer cuts down on the use of plastic used in making them. subscribe to our email notifications for exclusive offers and discounts! back to top my account shopping cart order status access your account purchase orders company info about us privacy policy shipping policy email policies affiliates careers help customer service contact terms of use returns faq accepted payments coupons customer service: 800-465-5387 m-f 6am - 6pm pstsat&sun 7am - 4pm pst 3788 heinemann ave long beach, ca 90808 facebook twitter pinterest google+ service code bbbsecure privacy *free shipping on orders over $50 to the contiguous u.s. © 2015, 4inkjets®, all rights reserved. apple, brother, dell, hp, ibm, lexmark, canon, epson, xerox and other manufacturer brand names and logos are registered trademarks of their respective owners. adding to cart... added to cart add to get free shipping* your order qualifies for free shipping* price qty: subtotal *free shipping on orders over $50 to the contiguous u.s. orders placed before 4pm pst typically ship the same day. cart summary edit cart items in cart: estimated shipping (contiguous u.s.) ships same day!* coupon will be applied in shopping cart view cart continue shopping customers also bought