来源URL: https://web.archive.org/web/20221227151146/https://www.4inkjets.com/customer-support
================================================================================

customer service hub - 4inkjets the store will not work correctly in the case when cookies are disabled. javascript seems to be disabled in your browser. for the best experience on our site, be sure to turn on javascript in your browser. free shipping on orders over $50† lifetime 100% satisfaction guarantee create account track orderabout uscustomer servicecontact uschatfaqtoggle nav my cart search search search create account or sign in track order800-465-5387chatfaq menu ink & tonerbackink & tonerhpcanonepsonbrotherlexmarkdellsamsungkonica minoltaall brandsapplesuppliesbacksuppliespaper account home customer service hub award winning customer service customer service phone: 800-465-5387 email: [email protected] corporate sales phone: 800-465-2583 email: [email protected] school & government sales phone: 888-375-6648 email: [email protected] about usour story since 1999 4inkjets has been providing customers and businesses with alternative printer supplies that provide professional results at an affordable price. at a fraction of what you'd pay for name-brand products at office supply stores, our remanufactured and compatible print cartridges are guaranteed to deliver a high level of service, and are backed by our 100% satisfaction guarantee. customer service is the hallmark of our company. we strive to make sure each and every one of our customers have a pleasant shopping experience and are satisfied with their purchase. to ensure this, we have a dedicated staff of call center representatives who are tasked with making your over-the-phone buying experience a quick and easy process and to adequately address or correct any concerns you may have. our commitment to customer service has earned us several bizrate circle of excellence for awards for outstanding customer service.mailing address 3788 heinemann ave., long beach, ca 90808 phone: 562-384-5380locationbizrate insights circle of excellence awardsfind answers online anytime. visit our help centerdue to the heavy holiday volume, our shipping window is temporarily extended to 1-8 business days.  we appreciate your patience while we work to get your order delivered as soon as possible.contact uswe're here for you! if you have a question, you're welcome to email us at [email protected] or call us toll free (800) 465-5387. or, you can fill out this form and expect a quick reply. email name phone number message *required fields send message telephone & faxtoll free: 800-465-5387local: 562-384-5501fax: 562-986-9429customer service & telephone sales hoursmonday - friday 6:00 am - 5:00 pm pst saturday 7:00 am - 3:30 pm pstcorporate headquarters / mailing address3700 cover st. long beach, ca 90808, usafrequently asked questions this is a question? this is an answer. this is a question too? this is an answer too. cartridges & refillsordering informationfind answers online anytime. visit our help centerdue to the heavy holiday volume, our shipping window is temporarily extended to 1-8 business days.  we appreciate your patience while we work to get your order delivered as soon as possible.track orderplease enter your order id and email address to track the status of your order. order id billing last name find order by email zip code email *required fields billing zip code find my order find another order order tracking questions & answers where can i track my package? your tracking number will be provided in your order confirmation email after you order ships. you will receive a ups or usps tracking number depending on the weight of your package. you can go to ups or usps to track your order but it may be easier to just paste the number into google. why didn't i receive the tracking number via email? emails go out automatically, the most likely cause for not receiving one would be an incorrect email address. you might also want to check your spam folder. how can i get my tracking number? you can retrieve a tracking number by logging into your online account or by calling our customer service lines. payment methods4inkjets accepts a variety of different payment methods to ensure that our customers can use their preferred method to cover the cost of their orders. please contact us if you have any questions or need any additional information regarding payments. you can reach our customer service department at 800-465-5387 weekdays 6am - 5pm pst and saturday 7am - 3:30pm pst.4inkjets accepts the following payment typesvisa mastercard american express discover debit cards with visa or mastercard logos personal checks money orders paypal purchase orderswe accept purchase orders from all school and government institutions. please include the institution's contact information— including contact person's name, phone number and email address—so we can send a written confirmation of the order. fax your purchase order to 562-986-9429 or mail them to our physical address below: 4inkjets3788 heinemann avelong beach, ca 90808 purchase orders are generally processed and shipped within 24 hours. payment is due 30 days from the order date. if you have any questions please call our customer service department at 800-465-5387. personal check or money ordersif you would like to pay by personal check or with a money order please select the "pay by check" option after you have added your items to the shopping cart and are ready to checkout. select "pay by check" as your payment method and submit your order. you can find this option in the "payment" section of the shopping cart page. write the order number in the memo line of your check and print a copy of the order confirmation enclose a piece of paper with your full name, mailing address, and a telephone number where we can reach you and main, along with your check to: 4inkjetslockbox #674012p.o. box 674012dallas, texas 75267-4012 payments made by checks to 4inkjets that are not honored by the bank will incur a returned check fee of $25. returned check reimbursement payments must be in the form of cash, cashier’s checks, certified funds or money order. failure to reimburse 4inkjets for fee’s will result in your account being marked as fraud and your account will be closed. 4inkjets will no longer accept check payments from customers with two returned items on their account.paypalpaypal, the trusted leader in online payments, enables buyers and businesses to send and receive money online. paypal has over 100 million member accounts in 190 countries and regions. it's accepted by merchants everywhere, both on and off ebay.find answers online anytime. visit our help centerreturnsneed to return or exchange a product? learn more about our lifetime guarantee here! at 4inkjets we stand behind the quality of all of our products, and we will do our best to make things right! if you are not satisified, we want to know about it. simply contact our friendly customer service department and we will be happy to take care of you. what do you get with our lifetime 100% satisfaction guarantee? we back all of our compatible and remanufactured ink and toner products with a lifetime 100% satisfaction guarantee. our guarantee is simple… if you have trouble within the first year of purchase, we will replace your cartridge or refund the purchase price, it’s up to you! after the first year, we will replace your cartridge or offer store credit! (all orders placed with store credit must be placed with a representative over the phone. products over a year old must be returned or a new order must be placed before a refund is processed. ) so no matter what, you are covered for the lifetime of the product. oem or genuinue brand guarantee oem or genuine brand products come straight from their respective manufacturer and as a result, have slightly stricter return guidelines. have a problem with a genuine brand product? contact our customer service team within 30 days and we can take care of it for you. unopened, defective or damaged products can be returned for a full refund within 15 days of purchase. store credit will be issued for concerns dealt with 16-30 days after the date of purchase. all orders placed with store credit must be placed with a representative over the phone. oem products include genuine brand ink and toner. how can i get a replacement? just contact us! get in touch with our friendly customer service team to set up a replacement on your account and we'll send off the new cartridge. if our returns department needs a defective item back for any reason other than a refund, a pre-paid return label may be included. product concerns made known within one year from the date of purchase are eligible for a replacement cartridge or refund. concerns made known after the one-year period are eligible for a replacement cartridge or will be issued store credit. do you provide a return label? if our returns department needs an item back for any reason other than a refund, a pre-paid return label may be provided. customers requesting a refund are responsible for any return shipping costs. please contact our customer service department for more information. when can i expect my refund? customers returning items can expect to be refunded (store credit when applicable) in the method in which they paid within 7-15 business days of our receipt of their accepted return. a refund will not be processed until the product is received by our warehouse. incorrectly ordered products and lost packages any and all items that were ordered incorrectly and opened in any way are non-refundable. we cannot resell an item once it has been opened. please double check your printer model and part numbers when ordering and before opening. any incomplete orders, lost packages, or incorrectly received products must be reported to our returns department within 30 days of the original order date to qualify for a replacement. exchanges if you ordered the wrong product or have purchased a new printer that no longer takes your current cartridge series, you may exchange the product as long as it is unopened and is in sellable condition. products that are not in sellable condition do not qualify for an exchange and will be sent to a recycling center. to set up an exchange, please call our customer service team at 800-465-5387 and we can get it started for you! shipping charges shipping charges are nonrefundable, except in the event of a packing error. email policy4inkjets.com anti-spam policy 4inkjets is 100% compliant with "can-spam act of 2003" and does not tolerate spam. 4inkjets.com requires that all of our marketing affiliates abide by our anti-spam policy and they expresssly warrant that they will not engage in spamming. if you feel that you have received spam email, please forward the email you received to [email protected] how to properly opt-out of receiving emails there are several ways you can unsubscribe: at the bottom of every email there is an unsubscribe link. you may click on the unsubscribe link to unsubscribe. it is important that you complete the unsubscribe process fully to ensure that you are properly unsubscribed. you may also use the form on our privacy policy to add your name to our supression ("do not email") list. how to report spammers we want to assure you that your complaint will be taken very seriously. because we work with so many companies it is hard for us to identify which company sent you an email and we need your help to insure that no one is sending unauthorized emails. please forward any copies of the emails you received to [email protected] and we will investigate it immediately. once you have opted out it can take up to 10 days for you to be removed from all of our marketing affiliates email lists. if you are still receiving emails after 10 days from the date you entered your email, please forward the email to [email protected] with the subject line: "opted out already."school/gov (po)4inkjets welcomes all government agencies to partner with us. 4inkjets has been partnering with federal, state and local government agencies across the us since 1999. we have multiple contract options available for your convenience, as well as specially priced online accounts. 4inkjets' government programs division is committed to delivering the easiest and most efficient office solutions for our government customers. for more information call us at (800) 465-5387 or email us at [email protected].find answers online anytime. visit our help centershipping informationgeneral shipping termsenjoy free shipping on all orders over $50 (hi, ak, apo, pr guam, etc. are excluded). our state-of-the-art fulfillment center ensures a speedy delivery. orders placed before 4pm pacific time ship the same day!u.s. non-contiguous ordersorders shipping to non-contiguous u.s. territories will ship through the u.s. postal service according to the rate chart found here. this includes alaska, hawaii, apo, fpo, puerto rico, u.s. virgin islands, american samoa, federated states of micronesia, guam, marshall islands, northern mariana islands, & palau.canadian orderswe’ve made shipping easy for our canadian customers by partnering exclusively with dhl for all orders going to canada. rates start at just $7.99! no longer worry about surprise customs fees or multiple postal carriers, our rates take care of everything upfront and dhl handles your order for the entirety of the shipment. additional applicable taxes and/or customs fees will be added at checkout. as soon as your order ships, we'll send you a shipping confirmation email with dhl tracking information. most orders ship out the same day and can take between 4-9 business days to arrive at their destination.expedited shippingyou may upgrade your shipping option to ups 2 day during checkout by paying actual 2nd day shipping rates. the 2nd day option is only available if you live in a state where ups ground takes more than 2 days to deliver from our distribution center in california. (this protects you from unnecessarily paying for 2nd day shipping when the ups ground or priority mail service would get there in the same amount of time). shipping time starts when your package leaves our facility. if you require overnight shipping please call us at 800-465-5387 as we do not have this option available for internet orders at this time.shipping detailswe ship from our distribution center in california. orders placed before 4pm pst usually ship out the same day. typically, orders placed after 4pm pst will ship the following day. orders placed friday after 4pm pst will ship the following monday or next business day. shipping time usually takes 3-5 working days to arrive to the east coast and 1-3 working days on the west coast. our orders are imported every few hours into our internal processing system. at that time you will receive your order number via email and another email will follow with tracking number details a few hours after the item leaves our facility. transit times start when your package leaves our facility. transit times are not guaranteed and shipping costs are not refundable. tracking emails are sent m-f night from our internal system from [email protected]. you may view the status of your order by logging into your account and viewing your order history or by clicking the 'track order link' in your order confirmation email. shipping rates shipping method *rates will be calculated at checkout rate $4.95 ups 2 shipping contiguous u.s. 2nd day rates are dependent on the location and weight each package is going to. dhl shipping rates to canada weight (lbs) rates show more 0.0638.84 0.1258.84 0.1889.09 0.259.09 0.3139.09 0.3759.09 0.4389.09 0.59.46 0.5639.46 0.6259.46 0.6889.46 0.759.46 0.8139.46 0.8759.46 0.9389.46 19.46 1.0639.26 1.1259.91 1.18810.01 1.2510.11 1.31310.20 1.37510.30 1.43810.40 1.510.50 1.56310.59 1.62510.68 1.68811.31 1.7511.57 1.81311.65 1.87511.75 1.93811.83 211.93 2.06312.03 2.12512.13 2.18812.23 2.2512.80 2.31312.89 2.37512.99 2.43813.09 2.513.18 2.56313.28 2.62513.38 2.68813.48 2.7513.57 2.81313.67 2.87513.77 2.93813.86 313.95 3.06314.07 3.12514.16 3.18814.27 3.2514.37 3.31314.51 3.37514.88 3.43814.99 3.515.10 3.56315.19 3.62515.31 3.68815.41 3.7515.51 3.81315.61 3.87515.72 3.93815.82 415.92 4.06316.04 4.12516.14 4.18816.25 4.2516.36 4.31316.46 4.416.60 517.95 619.91 721.86 823.89 925.84 1027.79 1129.45 1231.40 1333.35 1435.31 1537.25 1639.22 1741.15 1843.09 1945.04 2046.99 2148.95 2250.63 2352.57 2454.54 2556.46 2658.40 2760.34 2862.29 2964.21 3066.17 3168.10 3269.77 3371.75 3473.68 3575.61 3677.55 3779.47 3881.42 3983.33 4085.26 4187.50 4289.46 4391.12 4493.10 4594.94 4696.77 4798.70 48100.54 49105.41 50107.32 51109.15 52111.01 53112.67 54114.56 55116.41 56118.33 57120.24 58122.11 59123.97 60125.77 61127.73 62129.66 63131.57 64133.23 65135.10 66136.83 privacy policyour commitment to privacy your privacy is important to us. this privacy policy (“policy”) explains how 4inkjets.com (referred to hereafter as “we,” “us,” “our,” “4inkjets”) handle your personal information when you use our website (http://www.4inkjets.com), applications and services (referred to hereafter collectively as “website”). when you use the website, you expressly consent to our collection, storage, use and disclosure of your personal information as described in this policy.1. collection of personal information we do not automatically collect personal information when you browse the website. we only collect personally identifiable information, such as your name, address, telephone number, email address, credit card information and date of birth when you specifically and knowingly provide it to us by registering to create an account, placing an order, completing online forms, opting in to receive our newsletter and promotional offers, or entering a sweepstakes or contest. when you use the website to apply for employment opportunities, we may collect additional personal information such as your resume, employment history, driver’s license and social security number. from time to time, we may collect personal information from third parties such as social networks, advertising networks and data brokers.2. automatically-collected information we automatically collect non-personal information about the computer or devices (including mobile devices) you use to access the website. for example, we may collect and store information such as your browser type, ip address, language, operating system, location of your wireless device (e.g. latitude and longitude), the state or country from which you accessed the website, unique device identifier (e.g. a udid or idfa on apple devices), the pages you view, the services you use, the date and time of your visit, the websites you visited immediately before and after visiting the website, error logs and other hardware and software information. we may use third party analytics providers and technologies, including cookies and similar tools to assist in collecting this information. we may use this information to formulate statistical models about use of the website, enhance the services available through the website for other users, and to provide you with tailored content and advertising.  we may combine automatically collected information with information from third parties that may identify you.  we may use the combined information for marketing purposes, to enhance your website experience and as may be described in this policy.3. use of your information we use your information for the purpose for which you provided it, and we may also use your information for other purposes such as to: create and maintain your account or registration; enhance the user experience; perform research and analytics customize and personalize the content and advertising that you see on the website; respond to and fulfill your request for services (including processing orders); determine your eligibility for certain promotions, contests and services; and communicate with you by sending you communications related to your account and to alert you of the latest developments and features of the website. we use information your provide about someone else when placing an order only to ship the product to that person and to confirm delivery.  we use this information  to provide the services available on the website and as described in this policy.4. disclosure of your information to third parties we may share your information as follows: we may make information collected through the website available to affiliated brands that are under common ownership or control as the website, and with processors, data processors, data brokers, and other companies that provide support services. we may share information about you with other companies who we believe may have products and services of interest to you so that they market other products and services to you if you would like to opt-out of our sharing of your information with these other companies, please follow the instructions in the “opting out of emails and promotional communications” section below. we may share your information with any person or entity where we believe in good faith that such disclosure is necessary to: (a) comply with the law or in response to a subpoena, court order, government request or other legal process; (b) produce relevant documents or information in connection with litigation, arbitration, mediation, adjudication, government or internal investigations, or other legal or administrative proceedings; (c) protect the interests, rights, safety or property of ld products or others; (d) enforce the terms of use on the website; (e) provide users of the website with the services they request; (f) provide you with special offers or promotions from us; and (g) if ld products is involved in a merger, acquisition, or sale of all or a portion of its assets, you will be notified via email and/or a prominent notice on our web site of any change in ownership or uses of your personal information, as well as any choices you may have regarding your personal information. 5. use of cookies and other technology the website uses “cookie” technology and similar online tools, such as web beacons and web pixels. “cookies” are small files that a website stores on a user’s computer or device. the website uses cookies to keep the information you enter on multiple pages together. the majority of the cookies that we use are “session cookies” that are automatically deleted from your hard drive after you close your browser at the end of your session. session cookies are used to optimize performance of the website and to limit the amount of redundant data that is downloaded during a single session. we also use “persistent cookies” which remain on your computer or device unless deleted by you (or by your browser’s settings). we use persistent cookies for statistical analysis of the website’s performance to ensure the ongoing quality of the services provided through the website. we do not use cookies to obtain or retain any personal information about you apart from what you voluntarily provide us. most web browsers automatically accept cookies, but web browsers can be set to block cookies (consult your browser’s instructions on how to block cookies). please note that blocking cookies may interfere with your ability to perform certain transactions, use certain functionality, and access certain content on the website. our third party partners employ clear gifs (a.k.a. web beacons/web bugs), images, and scripts that help them better manage content on our site and to perform analytics and statistical services about your use of the website and other websites tracked by them. we connect the information automatically gathered by cookies and other technology to our customers’ or users’ personally identifiable information.6. tailored advertising the website may include third party tailored ad technology from our ad partners which enables customized ads to be displayed to you through the website and that manages our advertising on other sites.  when you use the website, we or our third party ad partners operating the ad serving technology may use information that is collected through cookies, anonymous identifiers, such as an ida on ios devices, web beacons, pixels or clear gifs to ensure that appropriate ads are presented, to perform analytics concerning your use of the website and other websites tracked by our ad partners. these technologies also may control the number of times you see a given ad, deliver ads that relate to your interests, and measure the effectiveness of ad campaigns. to the extent any of this information is collected by third parties, you acknowledge and agree that such collection and use is governed by those third parties’ privacy policies and that we are not responsible for the privacy practices of such third parties. if you are interested in more information about tailored ads and your choices to prevent third parties from delivering tailored ads, you may visit the following third party websites: the network advertising initiative consumer opt-out page by clicking here or the digital advertisingalliance’s consumer opt-out page by clicking here. do not track signals the website is not designed to respond to “do not track” signals or mechanisms from your web browser.7. user-initiated communication from time to time, portions of the website may enable you to send emails and other types of messages to us or third parties. all such emails, messages and written communications become our property once you submit them. whenever you choose to initiate these kinds of communications with us, you may be contacted in return.8. customer reviews we post customer reviews on the website which may contain personally identifiable information as well as a photo of your product. we may use third-party companies to obtain and manage our customer reviews. any information, including product and website reviews, that you choose to provide to such third parties is not covered by this policy.  we encourage you to review such third parties’ privacy policies before providing any personal information.9. opting in and out of emails and promotional communications to receive newsletters and other promotional communications by email, users may voluntarily sign up on the website. from time to time, we may send you email notices or news updates alerting you to new features, products, promotions, services pertaining to our offerings, or other topics that may be of interest to you. if you no longer wish to receive promotional materials from us, you may opt out of receiving these communications by following the instructions included in each newsletter or communication or by emailing us at [email protected]. please note that these opt-out processes take some time to complete, consistent with applicable law. you may also opt-out by utilizing the “opt out” functionality at the bottom of this page.  customers that wish to opt out may do so by entering their email address. you cannot opt out of certain transactional emails, or telephone calls pertaining to your commercial transactions with us. when you provide your telephone number or request to receive alert notifications from us, you are subscribing to receive our updates and alert notifications by text message to the telephone number that you are providing and you are confirming that you own that telephone number.  you may opt out of text message communications by following the instructions included with the text messages. 10. data security we follow generally accepted industry standards to protect the personally identifiable information that we receive from you, while the information is being transmitted and once we receive it. when you provide us with sensitive information (such as credit card information) on our order forms, we encrypt the information so that it is transmitted using accepted industry standards. however, despite our best efforts, no method of transmission over the internet, or method of electronic storage is 100% secure. we encourage you to contact us immediately if you believe that any personally identifiable information that you have provided us is being used contrary to this policy.11. privacy of children protecting the privacy of children is especially important to us. we do not knowingly market, collect, maintain, or sell any personal information from children under the age of 16. if a parent or guardian believes that we have personal information of a child under the age of 16 in our database, they should contact us immediately at [email protected] and we will promptly remove such information from our records.12. accessing or correcting your information if your personally identifiable information changes, is inaccurate, or if you no longer wish to use the services offered through the website, you may notify us by emailing our customer support at [email protected] or by contacting us by telephone or mail at the contact information listed below. you may request factual errors to be corrected in your personally identifiable information by sending us a request that credibly shows the errors. to protect your privacy and security, we will take reasonable steps to verify your identity before granting access or making corrections. we will retain your information for as long as your account is active or as needed to provide you services, or as may be required by law. if you wish to cancel your account or request that we no longer use your information to provide you services contact us at [email protected]. we will retain and use your information as necessary to comply with our legal obligations, resolve disputes, and enforce our agreements. california residents have additional rights as outlined in section 19.13. third party links and services the website may contain links to third-party websites including social networking websites. your use of these features may result in the collection or sharing of information about you, depending on the feature. please be aware that we are not responsible for the content or privacy practices of other websites or services to which we link. we do not endorse or make any representations about third-party websites or services. the personal information you choose to provide to such third parties, or that is collected by them, is not covered by this policy. we strongly encourage you to read such third parties’ privacy policies.14. social media features and widgets our website may include social media features, such as the facebook like button and widgets, such as the share this button or interactive mini-programs that run on our site. these features may collect your ip address and other information, such as which page you are visiting on our site, and may set a cookie to enable the feature to function properly. social media features and widgets may be hosted by a third party or hosted directly on our site. your interactions with these features are governed by the privacy policy of the company providing it.15. single sign on you can log in to our site using sign-in services from third-party companies such as facebook connect, linkedin, google, and other open id providers. these services will authenticate your identity and provide you the option to share certain personal information with us such as your name and email address to pre-populate our sign-up form. these services may give you the option to post information about your activities on this website to your profile page to share with others within your network.  utilizing such functionality may result in the collection or sharing of your personal information.  by using the website, you agree that we are not responsible for the privacy practices of the third-parties providing such functionality.16. contacting us if you have any questions about the policy, contact us by sending an email to [email protected]. you can also call us at 800-465-5387 or write to us at: director of compliance 4inkjets.com3700 cover streetlong beach, ca 90808 we may record the conversations that our agents or employees have with you by telephone, chat, video conferencing and other mediums. we do this to monitor the quality of service and accuracy of information our agents and employees give to you, to comply with applicable laws, and to ensure that your instructions are followed. no agent or employee is authorized to waive any provisions of any of our policies or procedures. by engaging in conversations with our employees, you consent to our recording and storing of such conversations.17. adobe marketing cloud device co-op this website participates in the adobe marketing cloud device co-op, which enables participating adobe marketing cloud companies to better recognize their consumers across devices. each participating company provides the co-op with automatically collected technical information, such as cryptographically hashed login ids and http header information. personally identifiable information (such as name, email address, phone number, etc.) is not shared with the co-op. the co-op combines and processes only technical information to recognize when multiple devices are used by the same individual and creates links among those devices. these device links are used by participating companies to link devices they have already seen visit their sites or advertising, and to provide consistent experiences and marketing activities across the devices. personally identifiable information is not used in determining linked devices. you can learn more about how the co-op works or opt-out of the co-op by clicking here. to learn more about adobe's privacy practices, please visit adobe's privacy center by clicking here.18. updates to policy we may amend this policy at any time by posting the changes on this page. your continued use of the website following any changes means you accept such revisions.  you should check the effective date of the policy below and review any changes since the last time you used the website.19. california residents the information in this section applies to california residents. certain terms in this section have the same meanings found in the california consumer privacy act of 2018 (“ccpa”). under the ccpa, california consumers have the right to request that we, and other businesses of a certain size, disclose what personal information they collect, use, disclose, and sell. categories of personal information collected about consumers in the preceding 12 months: identifiers (e.g. name, address, email, phone number, payment card, ip address); characteristics of protected classifications (e.g. gender, age); commercial information (e.g. products or services purchased, purchase history); internet or other electronic network activity (e.g. browse or search history); geolocation data (e.g. latitude and longitude); audio, electronic, visual, or similar information (e.g. recording of customer calls, live chat conversations, and movements on the website); inferences drawn from any of the above (e.g. preferences or characteristics) categories of sources from which personal information is collected: the website; consumers directly; brands under the same ownership and control; third-party websites; data brokers; social media business or commercial purpose for selling personal information about customers in the preceding 12 months: performing services, including maintaining or servicing accounts, providing customer service, processing and fulfilling orders and transactions, verifying customer information, processing payments, providing advertising or marketing services, performing analytics services; auditing and metrics related to interactions with customers including transactions, ad impressions served to unique visitors, verifying source and quality of ad impressions, and auditing compliance; short term use such as for customized ads shown as part of a transaction or website visit; website functionality, including debugging, identifying and repairing errors in how the website functions; and performing security checks; for research and analytics purposes pertaining to our services and products categories of personal information sold in the preceding 12 months: some have taken the position that when a business uses a third party’s cookies or similar technology to for its own analytics or advertising purposes, that the business has engaged in a sale if the third party has some ability to use, disclose or retain the data to improve their service or use it beyond providing the service to the business.  if your view is that use of any cookies or similar technology constitutes a “sale” under the ccpa, then you may consider us to have sold the following information during the prior 12 months: identifiers (e.g. ip addresses, names, emails, addresses); commercial information (e.g. products or services purchased, purchase history); internet or other electronic network activity (e.g. browse or search history); geolocation data (e.g. latitude and longitude); audio, electronic, visual, or similar information (e.g. recording of customer navigation on the website) third parties receiving the information described immediately above include advertising networks, data analytics providers, data brokers, data processors and social networks. non-discrimination we will not discriminate against california consumers because you exercise any of your rights under the ccpa. for example, we will not charge you a different price if you request that we disclose the personal information that we may have about you. notice of right to opt out of sale of personal information / do not sell my info you have the right to opt out of the sale of your personal information described above. you may opt out by following the instructions in the subsection below titled “rights  under the ccpa for california residents.” financial incentive consumers that choose to opt in to receive promotional and marketing materials by providing their email address or phone number may periodically receive coupon codes redeemable on the website.  for example, we may offer a discount to customers when they first opt in to receive our marketing newsletter, and may periodically send coupon codes to opted-in customers.  consumers may opt in to receive the financial incentive by submitting their email address to the “subscribe to our email notifications for exclusive offers and discounts” bar at the bottom of the homepage, or by calling our customer service department at 800-465-5387 and request to opt in to receive our newsletter by providing their email address. consumers may opt out of receiving the financial incentive by entering their email address in the “opt out” bar at the bottom of this policy and by contacting our customer service department at 800-465-5387.  requests to opt out of receiving our promotional materials take some time to complete and will be processed in the time frames allowed by applicable law. rights under the ccpa for california residents you have the right to request that we: provide you the categories of personal information we have collected or disclosed about you during the last twelve months; the categories of sources of such information; the business or commercial purpose for collecting or selling your personal information; and the categories of third parties with whom we shared personal information. provide access to and/or a copy of the information that we have about you. delete certain information that we have about you. not sell your personal information. certain information may be exempt from such requests under applicable law. for example, we need certain types of information so that we can fulfill your orders or provided services to you and for compliance with applicable law.  if you ask us to delete certain information, you may no longer be able to access or use the website or our services. to exercise any of these rights, please call us at 800-465-5387 or write to [email protected].  you will be required to verify your identity before we fulfill your request.  you can also mail your requests to us by writing to: director of compliance 4inkjets.com3700 cover streetlong beach, ca 90808 you may also designate an authorized agent to make a request on your behalf.  to do so, you must provide us with a written authorization acceptable to us or a power of attorney signed by you, for the agent to act on your behalf. you will still need to verify your identify directly with us.20. effective date this policy is effective as of july 1, 2020.do not sell my info. enter your email address here to opt out of the sale of your information and stop receiving all marketing emails from 4inkjets. submit terms of use1. agreement these terms of use (the "agreement") constitute a legally binding agreement by and between ld products, inc. d/b/a 4inkjets.com ("4inkjets") and you or your company (in either case, "you" or "your") concerning your use of the http://www.4inkjets.com/ website (the "website") and the services available through the website (the "services"). by using the website, you represent and warrant that you have read and understood, and agree to be bound by, the agreement and 4inkjets' privacy policy (the "privacy policy"). if you do not understand this agreement, or do not agree to be bound by it or the privacy policy, you must immediately leave the website and cease using the services.2. privacy policy by using the website, you consent to the collection and use of certain information about you, as specified in the privacy policy. 4inkjets encourages users of the website to frequently check 4inkjets' privacy policy for changes.3. changes to agreement and privacy policy 4inkjets reserves the right to change this agreement and its privacy policy at any time upon notice to you, to be given by the posting of a new version or a change notice on the website. it is your responsibility to review this agreement and the privacy policy periodically. if at any time you find either unacceptable, you must immediately leave the website and cease using the services. unless 4inkjets obtains your express consent, any revised privacy policy will apply only to information collected by 4inkjets after such time as the revised privacy policy takes effect, and not to information collected under any earlier privacy policies.4. eligibility by using the website or services, you represent and warrant that you are at least 18 years old, are a resident of the united states or a business entity organized under united states federal or state statute, and are otherwise legally qualified to enter into and form contracts under applicable law. any individual using the website or services on behalf of a company further represents and warrants that they are authorized to act and enter into contracts on behalf of that company. this agreement is void where prohibited.5. license subject to your compliance with the terms and conditions of this agreement, 4inkjets grants you a non-exclusive, non-sublicensable, revocable, non-transferable license to access and use the website and services. the website and services are for your personal and non-commercial use., the website, or any portion of the website, may not be reproduced, duplicated, copied, sold, resold, visited, or otherwise exploited for any commercial purpose without the express written consent of 4inkjets. all rights not expressly granted hereunder are reserved by 4inkjets. this agreement grants you no rights in or to the intellectual property of 4inkjets or any other party. 4inkjets retains ownership of the website and services and all right, title, and interest therein, including without limitation all intellectual property rights therein, and you acknowledge and agree that your are acquiring only a limited right to use the website and services as licensed hereunder. the license granted in this section is conditioned on your compliance with the terms and conditions of this agreement. in the event that you breach any provision of this agreement, your rights under this section will immediately terminate.6. user information/password protection in connection with your use of the services, you may be required to complete a registration form. you represent and warrant that all information you provide on any registration form or otherwise in connection with your use of the website and services will be complete and accurate, and that you will update that information as necessary to maintain its completeness and accuracy by visiting your account. you may also be asked to provide, or may be given, a user name and password in connection with certain of the services. you are entirely responsible for maintaining the confidentiality of your password. you may not use the account, user name, or password of someone else at any time. you agree to notify 4inkjets immediately of any unauthorized use of your account, user name, or password. 4inkjets shall not be liable for any loss that you incur as a result of someone else using your password, either with or without your knowledge. you may be held liable for any losses incurred by 4inkjets, its affiliates, officers, directors, employees, consultants, agents, and representatives due to someone else's use of your account or password. you must also promptly notify 4inkjets if any credit card that you have provide to us is lost, stolen, or used without permission.7. third-party websites the website is linked with the websites of a number of third parties ("third-party websites"), some of whom have established relationships with 4inkjets and some of whom do not. 4inkjets does not have control over the content and performance of third-party websites. 4inkjets has not reviewed, and cannot review or control, all of the material, including computer software or other goods or services, made available on or through third-party websites. accordingly, 4inkjets does not represent, warrant or endorse any third-party website, or the accuracy, currency, content, fitness, lawfulness or quality of the information, material, goods or services available through third-party websites. 4inkjets disclaims, and you agree to assume, all responsibility and liability for any damages or other harm, whether to you or to third parties, resulting from your use of third-party websites.8. product descriptions 4inkjets attempts to be as accurate as possible in its product, pricing, and rebate information; however, 4inkjets cannot guarantee that product descriptions and/or specifications, pricing or any other content on the website are accurate, complete, reliable, current or error-free. in the event that information is incorrect due to typographical, informational, technical or other errors, 4inkjets will not be liable for any loss or discrepancy with accurate data. if a product offered on the website is not as described, or does not meet your expectations, your sole remedy is to return the product in accordance with 4injets' return policy.9. product pricing except as otherwise noted, the price displayed for products on the website represents the full retail price listed on the product itself, suggested by the manufacturer or supplier, or estimated in accordance with industry practice; or the estimated retail value for a comparably featured item offered elsewhere. 4inkjets cannot confirm the price of an item until you place an order; however, 4inkjets does not charge your credit card, debit card or paypal account until after your order has entered the shipping process. despite 4inkjets' best efforts, a small number of items on the website may be mispriced. if an item's correct price is higher than the stated the price, 4inkjets will, at 4inkjets' sole discretion, either contact you for instructions before shipping or cancel your order and notify you of such cancellation.10. payment methods 4inkjets accepts credit cards, debit cards, paypal, personal checks, money orders and cash. 4inkjets may obtain pre-approval from the credit card/debit card company or from paypal (as the case may be) for an amount up to the amount of the order. billing to your credit card, debit card or paypal account occurs at the point of shipping or shortly thereafter. please review the payment method page on the website for additional information on payment methods. 4inkjets accepts the following credit cards: visa, mastercard, american express, and discover. 4inkjets accepts debit cards with visa or mastercard logos.11. sales and use tax orders are subject to sales / use tax. customers with exemption certificates should send a copy of their exemption certificate to [email protected]. if you believe you were incorrectly charged sales tax, please immediately contact our customer service department by telephone 800-465-5387, or by email at [email protected].12. shipping all orders placed on the website are subject to product availability and will be shipped according to 4inkjets' shipping policies. please review the shipping information page on the website for additional information on shipping times, rates and policies. in the rare event that your order never arrives, notification of lost items must be received within 60 days from receipt of the shipping confirmation e-mail. international shipments the goods will be imported on behalf of the consignee/buyer. the consignee authorizes ld products, inc. to import the goods on his behalf. further, the consignee/buyer agrees ld products, inc. may delegate the obligation to import the goods on his behalf to a subcontractor (e.g. customs broker). the consignee will pay the taxes & duties in addition with the purchase price of the goods.13. return policy all sales made through the website are subject to 4inkjets' return policies. for a complete explanation of the return policies, please review the return policy page on the website.14. store credit from time to time and in its sole discretion, 4inkjets may extend store credit to customers for various reasons including, without limitation, promotions. all store credit is redeemable on www.4inkjets.com. customers that receive store credit must redeem it within one year from the date the store credit is issued. any unused amounts of store credit will be waived and void after one year from the date of issuance. customers may contact our customer service department to receive an extension of time in which to use the store credit by calling 800-465-5387.15. consent to receive email by establishing an account with 4inkjets, you consent to receive periodic email communications from 4inkjets concerning 4inkjets' products and services, including without limitation, order confirmations, updated product information, special deals, and inquiries regarding the quality of our service.16. prohibited uses 4inkjets imposes certain restrictions on your use of the website and the services. you represent and warrant that you will not, without limitation: (a) violate or attempt to violate any security features of the website or services; (b) copy or otherwise duplicate, directly or indirectly, any portion of the website, including without limitation, all product listings, prices or descriptions, designs, information, photographs, images, drawings, videos, music, text, typefaces, graphics, code, and other files, and the selection, arrangement and organization thereof (collectively, "4inkjets content"); (c) use any software that enables copying or duplication of the 4inkjets content for later off-line viewing; (d) distribute, display, modify, transmit, resell, reuse, or repost the 4inkjets in any electronic form, including any online service, the internet or any other telecommunications medium which now exists or shall exist in the future, for any purpose, without the prior written permission of 4inkjets; (e) provide false, misleading or inaccurate information to 4inkjets; (f) impersonate, or otherwise misrepresent affiliation, connection or association with, any person or entity; (g) harvest or otherwise collect information about 4inkjets users, including email addresses and phone numbers; (h) use or attempt to use any engine, software, tool, agent, or other device or mechanism (including without limitation browsers, spiders, robots, avatars, or intelligent agents) to harvest or otherwise collect information from the website for any use, including without limitation use on third-party websites; (i) access content or data not intended for you, or log onto a server or account that you are not authorized to access; (j) attempt to probe, scan, or test the vulnerability of the services, the website, or any associated system or network, or breach security or authentication measures without proper authorization; (k) interfere or attempt to interfere with the use of the website or services by any other user, host or network, including, without limitation by means of submitting a virus, overloading, "flooding," "spamming," "mail bombing," or "crashing"; (l) use the website or services to send unsolicited e-mail, including without limitation, email promotions or advertisements for products or services; (m) forge any tcp/ip packet header or any part of the header information in any e-mail or in any uploading or posting to, or transmission, display, performance or distribution by means of, the website or services; or (n) attempt to modify, reverse-engineer, decompile, disassemble or otherwise reduce or attempt to reduce to a human-perceivable form any of the source code used in providing the website or services. any violation of this section may subject you to civil and/or criminal liability.17. intellectual property (a) trademarks. ld products, ld, 4inkjets, and the "4inkjets logo" (the "ld products marks") are trademarks or registered trademarks of ld products, inc. other trademarks, service marks, graphics, logos and domain names appearing on the website may be the trademarks of third parties. neither your use of the website and services nor this agreement grant you any right, title or interest in or to, or any license to reproduce or otherwise use, the ld products marks or any third-party trademarks, service marks, graphics, logos or domain names. you agree that any goodwill in the ld products marks generated as a result of your use of the website and services will inure to the benefit of ld products inc., and you agree to assign, and hereby do assign, all such goodwill to ld products, inc.. you shall not at any time, nor shall you assist others to, challenge ld products inc.'s right, title, or interest in or to, or the validity of, the ld products marks. (b) copyrighted materials; copyright notice. the ld products content and other materials available through the website and services are either owned by ld products, inc. or are the property ld products inc.'s licensors and suppliers. except as explicitly provided, neither your use of the website and services nor this agreement grant you any right, title or interest in or to any such materials. copyright © 2007 to the present, ld products, inc. all rights reserved.18. disclaimers; limitation of liability (a) no warranties. 4inkjets, on behalf of itself and its licensors and suppliers, hereby disclaims all warranties. the website and services are provided "as is" and "as available." to the maximum extent permitted by law, 4inkjets, on behalf of itself and licensors and suppliers, expressly disclaims any and all warranties, express or implied, regarding the website, including, but not limited to, any implied warranties of merchantability, fitness for a particular purpose, or non-infringement. neither 4inkjets nor licensors or suppliers warrants that the website or the services will meet your requirements or that the operation of the website or the services will be uninterrupted or error-free. neither 4inkjets nor its licensors or suppliers has any liability whatsoever for your use of the website or services. (b) your responsibility for damage. you agree that your use of the website and services is at your sole risk. you will not hold 4inkjets or its licensors and suppliers, as applicable, responsible for any damage that results from your access to or use of the website, including without limitation any damage to any of your computers or data. the information and services may contain bugs, errors, problems or other limitations. (c) limitation of liability. the liability of 4inkjets and its licensors and suppliers is limited. to the maximum extent permitted by law. in no event shall 4inkjets or its licensors or suppliers be liable for special, incidental, or consequential damages, lost profits, lost data or confidential or other information, loss of privacy, failure to meet any duty including without limitation of good faith or of reasonable care, negligence, or otherwise, regardless of the foreseeability of those damages or of any advice or notice given to 4inkjets or its licensors and suppliers arising out of or in connection with your use of the website or services. this limitation shall apply regardless of whether the damages arise out of breach of contract, tort, or any other legal theory or form of action. additionally, the maximum liability of 4inkjets and licensors and suppliers to you under all circumstances will be equal to the aggregate price you paid to 4inkjets during the year preceding the incident or incidents giving rise to such liability. you agree that this limitation of liability represents a reasonable allocation of risk and is a fundamental element of the basis of the bargain between 4inkjets and you. the website and services would not be provided without such limitations. (d) application. the above disclaimers, waivers and limitations do not in any way limit any other disclaimer of warranties or any other limitation of liability in any other agreement between you and 4inkjets or between you and any of 4inkjets' licensors and suppliers. some jurisdictions may not allow the exclusion of certain implied warranties or the limitation of certain damages, so some of the above disclaimers, waivers and limitations of liability may not apply to you. unless limited or modified by applicable law, the foregoing disclaimers, waivers and limitations shall apply to the maximum extent permitted, even if any remedy fails its essential purpose. 4inkjets' licensors and suppliers are intended third-party beneficiaries of these disclaimers, waivers and limitations. no advice or information, whether oral or written, obtained by you through the website or otherwise shall alter any of the disclaimers or limitations stated in this section.19. general representation and warranty you represent and warrant that your use of the website and services will be in accordance with this agreement and any other 4inkjets policies, and with any applicable laws or regulations.20. indemnity by you you agree to defend, indemnify and hold harmless 4inkjets and its officers, directors, employees, agents, affiliates, representatives, sublicensees, successors, assigns, and contractors (collectively, the "4inkjets parties") from and against any and all claims, actions, demands, causes of action and other proceedings (collectively, "claims"), including but not limited to legal costs and fees, arising out of or relating to: (i) your breach of this agreement, including without limitation any representation or warranty contained in this agreement; (ii) your access to or use of the website or services; or (iii) your provision to 4inkjets or any of 4inkjets parties of information or other data. the 4inkjets parties will have the right, but not the obligation, to participate through counsel of their choice in any defense by you of any claim as to which you are required to defend, indemnify or hold harmless the 4inkjets parties. you may not settle any claim without the prior written consent of the concerned 4inkjets parties.21. liquidated damages you acknowledge and agree that it would be difficult to ascertain the exact amount of damages that 4inkjets would suffer as the result of the theft of website text, graphics or images, especially if such stolen text, graphics or images are exploited for commercial use, whether in connection with the sale of printing supplies or otherwise, on a website or any other digital medium. therefore, you agree that, in the event you steal, copy without authorization or otherwise misappropriate website text, graphics or images, 4inkjets will be entitled to recover from you liquidated damages in the amount of five thousand ($5,000.00) dollars per text selection, graphic or image that is stolen, copied without authorization or otherwise misappropriated. you agree that this amount represents a reasonable estimate of the damage that 4inkjets would suffer. any action by 4inkjets to enforce this section shall not be deemed a waiver of 4inkjets' right to pursue, at 4inkjets' sole discretion, any and all other remedies available to 4inkjets under this agreement or by law.22. governing law; jurisdiction and venue this agreement shall be treated as though it were executed and performed in los angeles, california and, subject to the arbitration provisions below, shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the state of california without regard to its conflict of law principles. any cause of action by you arising out of or relating to the website, services, or this agreement must be instituted within one (1) year after the cause of action arose or be forever waived and barred. all actions shall be subject to the limitations set forth in above. the language in this agreement shall be interpreted in accordance with its fair meaning and not strictly for or against either party. (a) requirement of arbitration. by using the website or serves, or purchasing products or services sold or distributed by 4inkjets or through the website, you thereby agree with 4inkjets that, to the fullest extent permitted by law, you and 4inkjets will resolve any arbitral claim by binding arbitration by the judicial arbitration and mediation service ("jams"). as used in this agreement, an "arbitral claim" is any claim or dispute you have against or with 4inkjets or the 4inkjets indemnified parties, or any claim 4inkjets has against or with you, arising out of or relating to this agreement, the website, the services, any products or services sold or distributed by 4inkjets or through the website, or any advertising relating to the website, services or products and services sold and distributed on or through the website. except as otherwise explicitly noted herein, such arbitration shall be conducted under the jams streamlined arbitration rules & procedures then in effect (the "streamlined rules"). (b) waiver of right to a jury trial. by using the website or serves, or purchasing products or services sold or distributed by 4inkjets or through the website, you also agree with 4inkjets that you and 4inkjets hereby waive their right to a jury trial for any arbitral claim. if for any reason this agreement to arbitrate is held not to apply to an arbitral claim, whether such arbitral claim is against you, 4inkjets or the 4inkjets indemnified parties, both you and 4injets still agree to waive trial by jury. (c) joinder of claims. by using the website or serves, or purchasing products or services sold or distributed by 4inkjets or through the website, you are further agreeing with 4inkjets that neither you nor 4inkjets will join any arbitral claim with the claim of any other person or entity in a lawsuit, arbitration or other proceeding; that no arbitral claim will be resolved on a class-wide basis; and that neither you nor 4inkjets will assert an arbitral claim in a representative capacity on behalf of anyone else. (d) no effect on substantive rights. this agreement to arbitrate does not change your or 4inkjets' substantive rights, just the potential forums for resolving disputes. in addition, you can still bring any issues you may have concerning this agreement, the website, the services, or any products or services sold or distributed through the website to the attention of federal, state, or local government agencies, and they can still, if the law allows, seek relief against 4inkjets and the 4inkjets indemnified parties or on your behalf. (e) finality, application of arbitration award. any arbitration award made after completion of an arbitration is final. an award and any judgment confirming it only applies to the arbitration in which it was awarded and cannot be used in any other case except to enforce the award itself. (f) interpretation. this agreement to arbitrate will be governed by and interpreted under the federal arbitration act, 9 u.s.c. sections 1-16. in rendering an award, the arbitrator shall apply the substantive and procedural law of the state of california, without regard to its choice of laws principles. the arbitrator shall not have any power to alter, amend, modify or change any of the terms of this agreement, nor to grant any remedy that is either prohibited by the terms of this agreement or not available in a court of law. (g) hearings; fees and costs. either party may demand that any required arbitration hearing or hearings be conducted other than in person, even if the streamlined rules would otherwise have provided for an in-person hearing. any required hearing fees and costs shall be paid by the parties as required by the streamlined rules. 4inkjets will reimburse those fees for claims totaling less than $10,000 unless the arbitrator determines the claims are frivolous. likewise, 4inkjets will not seek attorneys' fees and costs in arbitration unless the arbitrator determines the claims are frivolous. (h) remedies in aid of arbitration; equitable relief. this agreement to arbitrate will not preclude either you or 4inkjets from seeking provisional remedies in aid of arbitration, including without limitation orders to stay a court action, compel arbitration or confirm an arbitral award, from a court of competent jurisdiction. . the proper venue for any action permitted under this subsection regarding "equitable relief" will be the federal and state courts located in los angeles county, california; the parties hereby waive any objection to the venue and personal jurisdiction of such courts. (i) information. information on jams may be obtained at any office of jams, online at http://www.jamsadr.com/, or by mail at 1920 main street, suite 300 irvine, ca 92614.23. termination (a) termination; survival. either party may terminate this agreement and its rights hereunder at any time, for any or no reason at all, by providing to the other party notice of its intention to do so in accordance with this agreement. this agreement shall automatically terminate in the event that you breach any of this agreement's representations, warranties or covenants. such termination shall be automatic, and shall not require any action by 4inkjets. upon termination, all rights, licenses and obligations created by this agreement will terminate, except that 1-7, 14-22 and 24 will survive any termination of this agreement. (b) effect of termination. any termination of this agreement automatically terminates all rights and licenses granted to you under this agreement, including all rights to use the website and services. subsequent to termination, 4inkjets reserves the right to exercise whatever means it deems necessary to prevent your unauthorized use of the website and services, including without limitation technological barriers such as ip blocking and direct contact with your internet service provider. (c) legal action. if 4inkjets, in 4inkjets's discretion, takes legal action against you in connection with any actual or suspected breach of this agreement, 4inkjets will be entitled to recover from you as part of such legal action, and you agree to pay, 4inkjets's reasonable costs and attorneys' fees incurred as a result of such legal action. 4inkjets parties will have no legal obligation or other liability to you or to any third party arising out of or relating to any termination of this agreement.24. notices all notices required or permitted to be given under this agreement must be in writing. 4inkjets shall give any notice by email sent to the most recent email address, if any, provided by the intended recipient to 4inkjets. you agree that any notice received from 4inkjets electronically satisfies any legal requirement that such notice be in writing. you bear the sole responsibility of ensuring that your email address on file with 4inkjets is accurate and current, and notice to you shall be deemed effective upon the sending by 4inkjets of an email to that address. you shall give any notice to 4inkjets by means of: (i) fax at: 562.986.9429; or (ii) u.s. mail, postage prepaid, to 2500 grand ave long beach, ca 90815; or (iii) email to: [email protected]. notice to 4inkjets shall be effective upon receipt of notice by 4inkjets.25. general this agreement constitutes the entire agreement between 4inkjets and you concerning your use of the websites. this agreement and any other written agreements executed between you and 4inkjets constitute the entire agreement concerning your use of the services. this agreement may only be modified by a written amendment signed by an authorized executive of 4inkjets or by the unilateral amendment of this agreement by 4inkjets and by the posting by 4inkjets of such amended version. if any part of this agreement is held invalid or unenforceable, that part will be construed to reflect the parties' original intent, and the remaining portions will remain in full force and effect. a waiver by either party of any term or condition of this agreement or any breach thereof, in any one instance, will not waive such term or condition or any subsequent breach thereof. this agreement and all of your rights and obligations hereunder will not be assignable or transferable by you without the prior written consent of 4inkjets. this agreement will be binding upon and will inure to the benefit of the parties, their successors and permitted assigns. you and 4inkjets are independent contractors, and no agency, partnership, joint venture or employee-employer relationship is intended or created by this agreement. except for 4inkjets parties as and to the extent set forth in sections 15and19 and 4inkjets' licensors and suppliers as and to the extent expressly set forth in section 17, there are no third-party beneficiaries to this agreement. you acknowledge and agree that any actual or threatened breach of this agreement or infringement of proprietary or other third party rights by you would cause irreparable injury to 4inkjets and 4inkjets' licensors and suppliers, and would therefore entitle 4inkjets or 4inkjets' licensors or suppliers, as the case may be, to injunctive relief. the headings in this agreement are for the purpose of convenience only and shall not limit, enlarge, or affect any of the covenants, terms, conditions or provisions of this agreement.* information on this page is periodically updated and subject to change. choose a topic about us contact us track order shipping information returns school/gov (po) payment methods privacy policy terms of use email policy subscribe to our email notifications for exclusive offers and discounts! sign up my accountshopping carttrack orderaccess your accountcompany infoabout usblogaffiliate program heroes discount careersshipping informationemail policyprivacy policyhelpcontact usterms of usereturnspayment methodscouponsfaqcustomer service: 800-465-5387m-f 6am - 5pm pst sat 7am - 3:30pm pst sunday closedmailing address: 3788 heinemann ave long beach, ca 90808 session id: 4i-13579 chat †free shipping on orders over $50 to the contiguous u.s. © 2022 4inkjets®, all rights reserved. apple, brother, dell, hp, ibm, lexmark, canon, epson, xerox and other manufacturer brand names and logos are registered trademarks of their respective owners. search engine powered by elasticsuite close