来源URL: https://web.archive.org/web/20191231024853/https://www.buyautoparts.com/warranty.htm
================================================================================

warranty information at buy auto parts - the best customer service in the industry toggle navigation your account 800-401-6762 support center free shipping on orders over $99 sales 1-888-907-7225 select your vehicle select year select make select model select part select fitment home warranty easy warranty buyautoparts.com offers a one year, unlimited mileage warranty on all parts sold unless otherwise noted. in some cases, an even longer warranty is included for free. we only offer the highest quality auto parts and accessories, but in some rare cases you may need a replacement item under warranty. if an item you purchased from us needs to be replaced under warranty, we will ship you a replacement item. in most cases, we pay the shipping costs within the contiguous us 48 states. we offer two options for replacing an item under warranty: you return your purchased item, and when it is received, we send a replacement item. once your return is received and inspected (usually within 72 hours of receipt) your replacement item will be shipped within 2 business days. you pay a temporary, refundable deposit and we send a replacement item in advance. this temporary deposit is fully refunded once your returned item arrives back at our warehouse. we provide you with a free return shipping label to ship the warranty return back to us. once the return is received and inspected (usually within 72 hours of receipt) your refund will be automatically processed and issued to you within 2 business days. the refund will be issued to the same payment method you used to pay for the temporary deposit. (keep in mind, depending on your credit card company, it may take an additional 2-7 business days for the refund to be visible on your account). to start the process please go to our easy returns & warranty page and complete a warranty claim form. within 24 business hours, a representative will review your warranty claim form and contact you with instructions. please ensure your email address and phone number are correct and the best ones for us to contact. the warranty does not cover any labor expenses. extended warranties extended parts warranty lifetime/5 year warranty buyautoparts.com offers lifetime and 5 year warranties for an additional charge. we provide these warranties to the original purchaser. these extended warranties state, the product(s) shall be free of defects in workmanship and/or materials. warranties are to be serviced by buyautoparts.com directly, with the burden of shipping the suspected defective unit(s) for inspection falling on the customer. proof of purchase must be submitted with your return for warranty consideration. this warranty has no cash value. lifetime/5 year warranty limitations the extended warranties detailed above are non-transferrable and do not cover normal wear and tear. additional exceptions include: incorrect installation including installation on applications for which the part was not designed. racing or aggressive off-road use. modifications made to the product by the customer after receipt. labor for installation and removal is not covered under this warranty. minor cosmetic issues such as surface imperfections and rubber bushing wear and tear are not covered by this warranty. buyautoparts.com’s responsibility for a defective auto part is limited to replacement of a defective unit with a new unit. replacement as provided by this warranty is the customer’s sole remedy in the case of a defect found in product manufacturing or materials. buyautoparts.com is not liable for incidental or other damages resulting from the removal, handling, installation, service, repair, or disassembly of the product. some states do not allow the exclusion or limitation of incidental or consequential damages, so the above limitation may not apply to you. this warranty gives you speciﬁc legal rights, and you may also have other rights which vary from state to state. note: other exclusions may or may not apply in certain states or circumstances. category specific warranties ac parts warranty air conditioning a/c system must be fully flushed during service. a/c receiver / drier must be replaced any time the system is opened, or the compressor is replaced. it is highly recommended that the orifice tube (if applicable) be replaced, or if the system uses an expansion valve it must be inspected, tested, and replaced as needed. we also highly recommend replacing rather than re-using the a/c system o-rings. these are common failure points that can lead to premature failure of your new compressor if they are not replaced. condenser and fan assemblies must be inspected, tested, and replaced as needed. the electrical circuit that controls the a/c compressor clutch should be tested for correct voltage before completing the service and starting the engine. refer to vehicle specifications. any oil in the new compressor should be drained and replaced with the correct specification and amount of pag oil. refer to vehicle specifications. after installation the compressor shaft should be turned a minimum of 10 times to cycle the oil through the compressor. evacuate the entire a/c system for a minimum of 60 minutes before adding refrigerant. use only high-quality refrigerant that matches the compressor specification (r-12, r-134a, r-1234yf). do not use refrigerant blends. only pure refrigerant should be used to charge the system. turbocharger parts warranty turbochargers and superchargers turbo failures are most commonly caused by oil starvation and debris in the oil itself. inspect oil drain and supply lines for kinking, clogging, restrictions, and other signs of deterioration. replacing the turbocharger oil feed line is a requirement to validate your warranty. replace engine oil and filter and air filter before installing a new turbocharger. always prime the new filter with engine oil before installing it. inspect air filter, intercooler, and air inlet pipes for debris before installing a new turbocharger or supercharger. damage from debris will void the warranty. low boost can be caused by issues such as a restricted air intake, exhaust system or a bad boost control. check and replace any cracked or soft boost hoses and pipes. fill the oil inlet hole on the new turbocharger with clean engine oil and spin the compressor wheel several times to coat the bearings with oil. refill the oil inlet hole and connect the oil supply line. if your old turbocharger leaked oil, it may take an hour or more to burn out all the old oil in your exhaust system. inspect the crankcase vent system for oil leaking into the air inlet system. steering parts warranty steering was your steering gear failure caused by fluid contamination that resulted from a bad hose or steering pump? you can pass a sample of the fluid through a coffee filter and examine for debris. black fluid can be a sign of a hose that is deteriorated and needs to be replaced before installing your replacement steering gear or pump. metal debris (fine grit) is usually a sign that the pump is failing and needs to be replaced at the same time you install your replacement steering gear. after inspection, flush the power steering fluid before replacing a steering gear or pump. after replacing the gear or pump, bleed the system thoroughly. turn the steering all the way in each direction at least 15 times and top off the fluid before starting the engine. make sure the steering rack boots are not twisted after setting the alignment. twisted boots will tear and void your warranty. electric steering rack and pinions may need programming to introduce a new rack and pinion to your car's can bus system and ecu. follow all factory procedures. car radio and navigation units these units may require dealer programming, please consult your local dealer prior to install. brake pads buyautoparts.com's brake pad warranty covers defects in materials or workmanship only. they are covered by a 12 month unlimited mileage warranty. warranty is invalid if product is used for taxi/hire car, racing, rally, drifting, trackday experience driving, or any other form of competition. there is absolutely no warranty on any product for race use. warranty does not cover brake noise or normal wear and tear. some brake pad systems cause pads to wear faster than others. legal version we warranty all automotive parts to be free from defects in material and workmanship for the period specified on your invoice. it begins from the date purchased. this warranty does not apply to parts unless the installation instructions are followed in their entirety. if instructions are not available the work should be performed by a licensed mechanic. this warranty does not cover any expenses incurred in the removal and / or reinstallation of the auto part. specifically, this warranty does not cover any expenses for time, rental, or other parts not purchased from us, or any labor. this warranty covers fixing or replacing the part only. this warranty is offered only to the original purchaser of the part. this warranty does not apply, and will be voided, if the auto part sold has been damaged by abuse, misuse, accident, neglect, or alteration, or if it has been repaired by anyone other than us. your warranty will be null and void if the part fails due to improper installation. if the auto part sold should prove defective in material or workmanship within the warranty period, return the auto part to us, postage prepaid, along with your sales invoice. your dated invoice will establish your eligibility for the warranty. we will, at our option, replace or repair the part free of charge and return it to you postage prepaid. if the terms of a warranty which are agreed upon between a customer and a representative of buyautoparts.com for an order placed over the phone differ from the standard warranties available for a part for purchase on buyautoparts.com, then the terms agreed upon during that phone conversation, documented in the internal customer file, and included in the original order invoice are binding. the express warranty set forth above is exclusive and no other warranties or any kind, whether statutory, oral, written, expressed or implied, including any implied warranties of merchantability or fitness for a particular purpose shall apply. there are no warranties which extend beyond the description on the face hereof. the consumers exclusive remedies for breach of warranty and our only obligation arising out of or in connection with breach of warranty shall be those stated herein. we expressly disclaim liability for incidental and consequential damages caused by the auto part sold. sign up and save enter your email to receive an instant discount · exclusive email offers · limited time discount specials thank you! customer service support center policies returns faq auto parts knowledge about us corporate information popular products privacy policy affiliate program careers blog sitemap contact us 1-888-907-7225 se habla espanol email my account cart copyright © 2020 buy auto parts. all rights reserved. secure shopping previous next search by copyright © 2020 buy auto parts. all rights reserved. click here for mobile version thirdslide