来源URL: https://web.archive.org/web/20201210071431/https://buyautoparts.com/car-makes/
================================================================================

car makes - car parts by vehicle make - buyautoparts.com toggle navigation your account 800-401-6762 support center free shipping on orders over $99 sales 1-888-907-7225 select your vehicle select year select make select model select part select fitment home search by car makes car makes buyautoparts is one of the leading auto parts sellers where you can find the best quality auto parts for all the vehicle makes. you can find the car parts available for all the makes including amc, chevrolet, ford, hyundai, volvo etc. search by part inventory ac parts acura parts alfa romeo parts am general parts amc parts aston martin parts audi parts austin parts bentley parts bmw parts buick parts cadillac parts chevrolet parts chrysler parts daewoo parts daihatsu parts delorean parts desoto parts detomaso parts dodge parts eagle parts edsel parts ferrari parts fiat parts fisker parts ford parts genesis parts geo parts gmc parts honda parts hummer parts hyundai parts infiniti parts isuzu parts jaguar parts jeep parts kia parts laforza parts lamborghini parts land rover parts lexus parts lincoln parts lotus parts maserati parts mazda parts mercedes benz parts mercury parts merkur parts mg parts mini parts mitsubishi parts nissan parts oldsmobile parts opel parts peugeot parts plymouth parts polaris parts pontiac parts porsche parts renault parts rolls royce parts saab parts saturn parts scion parts smart parts subaru parts sunbeam parts suzuki parts tesla parts toyota parts volkswagen parts volvo parts winnebago parts yugo parts parts, accessories and components for over 50 different car makes welcome to buyautoparts.com with buyautoparts.com, its always easy to buy the car parts you need. and thanks to an over ever-expanding selection, were confident youll find the exact component youre looking for regardless of vehicle make or year. find your car make right here the easiest way to locate high quality, low cost parts buyautoparts.com sells parts and components for well over 50 different car makes. some are defunct, others have changed ownership through the years, and a select few have maintained their original company name throughout the past century or so. whatever your particular car make and model is, search for car parts in our warehouse first youll find superior replacement parts at the best possible prices. search for all of your car parts right here. just pick your car make, model and year for pinpoint part selection. shop for your vehicles oem part replacements at buyautoparts.com well meet or beat any other price, and youll also enjoy free ground shipping for any order over $99.00. here are some interesting facts about some of the car brands we sell parts for: amc (american motor corporation) founded in 1954, amc vehicles were a big part of the american automobile market for over 30 years. amc added the famous jeep car make in 1970, and acquired other well-known brands with its partnership with renault through the 1980s. chrysler eventually gained majority ownership of amc, and by 1988, the last amc automobiles were produced. some of the more popular amc models included the pacer, hornet, jeep cherokee, spirit, concord and eagle. acura when japanese automaker honda decided to enter the luxury car market, acura was born. initially very similar to its honda counterparts, acura has evolved to include some of the most critically acclaimed car models in the past quarter century. in 1896, the initial production year, just over 50,000 acura cars in the u.s. were produced. this car makes success is reflected in the latest production numbers: in 2015, acura produced nearly 200,000 automobiles in america alone! alfa romeo one of italys most respected car manufacturers, alfa romeo is a proud member of the century plus club, those carmakers whove been in business for over 100 years. alfa romeo embodies fine italian styling, european efficiency and legendary pedigree. some of the most renowned designers and engineers have made alfa romeo a sought-after car make. just one of ars many innovations include the first double overhead cam engine, dating back to 1914. aston martin british automobile luxury is defined by aston martin, one of englands oldest and iconic car makes. james bonds preferred car brand, aston martin has a loyal following of fanatics around the globe. audi audi is one of germanys best luxury car makes, with an award-winning lineup of sedans, suvs and sports cars. from the flashy a1 to the sophisticated q5, audi always delivers exceptional style, quality and performance. bmw bmw (bavarian motor works) turns 100 years old in 2016, and many car experts think the vehicle make is as good as ever. refined styling, top-end luxury and typical german engineering are the hallmarks of bmws car lineup. bentley although bentley was bought by volkswagen in 1998, the british luxury brand continues to make its mark in many beloved models, including the flying spur, mulsanne and bentayga. buick buick has made a comeback lately, driven by its affordable luxury-focused lineup. founded in the late 19th century, buick has overcome sluggish performance in the 70s and 80s and now produces well over 1,000,000 automobiles per year. cadillac few car brands carry the cache of cadillac. luxury, a loyal following and brand-name recognition have made cadillac one of the most popular car makes in the world. its also one of the flagship car brands of general motors. chevrolet an all-american car make if there ever was one, chevys tagline as the heartbeat of america rings true with its millions of satisfied customers. despite numerous internal acquisitions, chevrolet is firmly established as one of the big 3 u.s. automakers. chrysler chrysler is owned by fiat chrysler automobiles, giving this once exclusively american car make a decidedly international character. this vehicle make is also known for subsidiary brands including dodge, ram and mopar. daewoo from 1982 to 2011, daewoo introduced mass-produced korean automobiles to the american market. paving the way for auto manufacturing giants like hyundai, daewoo also is known for creative marketing slogans, including this one from 1995: daewoo, thats who! dodge known primarily for its rugged collection of trucks, dodge also produces pulse-pounding muscle cars such as the challenger. this car make is under the chrysler umbrella of vehicles. eagle eagle soared in the late 80s and early 90s, but the car make was eventually sold off to daimler chrysler in 1998. popular eagle models were the talon, vision, wagon and summit. ferrari along with lamborghini, ferrari is established as the quintessential italian car. for more than 75 years, ferraris passenger cars and successful racing team have redefined performance, luxury and elegance. ford from the very first model t to the newest mustang, ford motor company has remained at the forefront of the american automobile market. we offer parts and accessories for your favorite models. just select the ford production year to get started! gmc gmc produces trucks, buses, vans and suvs for the domestic and international car markets. its also the apex brand for many other famous car makes, including chevy, buick and cadillac. geo geos relatively limited run lasted from the late 80s to the late 90s. a division of gmc, the geo brand was renowned for its fuel-efficient vehicles, including the annually popular metro. honda one of the big 5 japanese automakers (along with toyota, nissan, mazda and subaru), honda automobiles are acclaimed for high initial quality, legendary durability and affordable value. their civic and accord models are two of the most popular car models every produced. hummer the h1, h2, h3 and hx were hummers primary models, which were produced from 1992 until 2010, when the last hummer rolled off the factory line. hyundai this korean brand has gained ever-growing accolades for quality and performance. the genesis, sonata, accent and elantra are just some of hyundais most popular models. infiniti nissans luxury brand, infiniti boasts the q40, q50, q60, q70 and many other cars. infiniti ranks as a premier brand since 1989, its initial production year. isuzu a major diesel engine producer, isuzu cars and trucks have also made their impact in america, europe and elsewhere. jaguar the jaguar is a division of land rover, and the british brand continues its legacy of excellence to the present day, despite ownership by the indian car company tata. kia south koreas newest automaker, kia has grown its brand to include some of the best-performing, most affordable cars on the road today. lamborghini this italian brand brings speed and performance to the forefront. buyautoparts.com offers oem quality parts for many lamborghini models. land rover four wheel drive vehicles are the calling-card of land rover, a popular brand for off-road enthusiasts. search for land rover car parts right here at buyautoparts.com! lexus the luxury division of toyota, lexus started in 1989 and proudly carries the toyota tradition of quality and value, along with added sophistication and elegance. lincoln fords luxury line of automobiles has been producing cars since 1917, and continues to the present day. we sell quality lincoln parts for numerous production years and models. mazda since 1920, mazda has showcased sporty, stylish and sleek automobiles. a top-20 worldwide automaker, mazda routinely produces more than 1 million cars annually. mercedes benz part of germanys trio of world-renowned luxury car brands (audi and bmw are the others), mercedes benzs legacy stretches all the way back to 1926. find parts for vintage cars and contemporary favorites here at buyautoparts.com! nissan from its days as datsun to todays eco-friendly cars, nissan has produced quality, affordable automobiles. and buyautoparts.com sells the best oem replacement parts for your nissan. oldsmobile the oldsmobile brand was produced for over 100 years, but finally went defunct in 2004. many oldsmobiles are still on the roads, and buyautoparts.com makes it easier than ever to locate the parts you need. plymouth the neon and voyager were two popular plymouth models in the brands last years. we have plymouth parts for many other years and models browse our selection today! pontiac pontiac stopped production in 2010, but plenty of pontiacs are still in use, including the sunbird, aztek, firebird, grand prix, gto and many more. porsche porsche started in 1931 with quality automobiles, and the german manufacturer remains a go-to brand for car buyers worldwide. buyautoparts.com is your preferred source for porsche replacement parts. saab saab is the #2 swedish auto brand, only eclipsed by volvo. before it was acquired by gm in 2010, saab produced quality cars for decades. subaru all-wheel drive, the boxer engine and outstanding durability define the subaru brand. only the best replacement components will do for subaru! suzuki suzuki stopped selling vehicles in the u.s. in 2012, but there is a strong demand for suzuki parts and components. buyautoparts.com sells oem parts for all years up to and including 2012. toyota toyotas corolla is the most popular car model in history, but many other models are also highly regarded. buyautoparts.com sells toyota parts for all sorts of years and models. volkswagen no other car manufacturer can say they have 3 of the top 10 selling models. the passat, beetle and golf are on the list, and other volkswagen cars earned strong brand loyalty over the years. volvo safety is volvos top priority, but the swedish automaker has also produced stylish, dependable cars. youll find an abundant variety of volvo parts and accessories at buyautoparts.com. search for car parts by vehicle make our goal at buyautoparts.com is your complete satisfaction. along with our vehicle make parts portal, we also provide a wealth of online information for auto enthusiasts, including invaluable buyers guides and other resources. for help ordering, or to shop for car parts based on your vehicle type, please call our auto parts specialists at (888) 907-7225. sign up and save enter your email to receive an instant discount · exclusive email offers · limited time discount specials thank you! customer service support center policies returns faq auto parts knowledge about us corporate information popular products privacy policy affiliate program careers blog sitemap contact us 1-888-907-7225 se habla espanol email my account cart copyright © 2020 buy auto parts. all rights reserved. secure shopping previous next search by copyright © 2020 buy auto parts. all rights reserved. click here for mobile version thirdslide