来源URL: https://web.archive.org/web/20111231054023/http://www.zmodo.com/faq-page/
================================================================================

faq a leader in cctv solution, surveillance, security camera, security system, dvrs. skip to main content » my account | contact us | site map | help category navigation: home products support customer care tech support support ticket downloads rma(return) solution center video samples faq about us about us contact us news release career live demo sales where to buy search site products digital video recorders 4 channel dvr 8 channel dvr 16 channel dvr monitor built-in dvrs security cameras dome camera bullet camera vari-focal camera weatherproof camera high resolution camera ir night vision camera ptz camera ip network camera wireless camera audio camera spy/hidden camera dummy camera complete security kits 4 channel dvr system 8 channel dvr system nvr security system accessories sign & sticker video balun tool signal cables power supplies my selected items no item. support customer care tech support downloads rma(return) solution center video samples faq forum support customer care tech support downloads rma(return) solution center video samples faq forum newsletter newsletter sign up for our newsletter: subscribe general shipping rma products what’s the requirement to order from zmodo? answer: you should be the retailers or distributors. we will need your business information to verify your background. what is your warranty on your products? answer: all products carry a 1-year warranty unless otherwise indicated. 3 year warranty plan is also available for purchase. our warranty covers all product malfunctions and defects. our warranty does not cover acts of nature, crime and or misuse. examples are lighting strikes, vandalism and improper installation and or use. our warranty will not cover anything that has been smashed, broken or burned. we reserve the right to determine if the product is within warranty or not. what methods of payment do you accept? answer: we accept the bank wire transfer, cod and terms for qualified customers. do you offer free ground shipping? answer: we offer free ground shipping within the continental 48 states. shipping charges will apply to ak, pr, hi. what shipping method do you use? answer: we use fedex, usps and ups for fast reliable shipping. we reserve the right to select the carries. when check-out, you can choose from free ground shipping, fedex express saver, 2-day, standard overnight, priority overnight or first overnight. how long does it take to get my order after i place it? answer: normally, it takes 2 business days to ship your order after you place it and about 5-7 business days on average for delivery. most of our customers receive orders within 7 business days. shipping times are dependent on what we have in stock. the majority of our products are always in stock. orders received before 3:00 pm cst will usually ship same day. orders placed on weekends and holidays will be shipped the next business day. we are unable to ship to p.o. box addresses. once your order has been placed and processed, your shipping address cannot be changed or updated. shipping charges are non-refundable. what is your return policy? answer: for a detailed description of our 30 day return policy, please refer to our official return policy page here. how do i return a product? answer: for all returns, you must fill out a return request using our online return request form. this will issue you a rma number (return manufacturers authorization). this number must be on your shipping label and on the box. all items must be returned in their original condition. defective items returned within the manufacturer's warranty period (or within 12 months if there is no manufacturer warranty) will be replaced at no cost to you. return, exchange, and refund procedures a.    email to rma@zmodo.com or call 217-903-5674 (mon-fri. 9:00am-5:00pm cst) to request a rma #. what is your repair policy and what can i expect? answer: all defective products that are within warranty are eligible for return for repair. you must call one of our representatives and have them issue an rma number (return manufacturers authorization). all items being shipped back must be packaged correctly for them not to be damaged in shipping. we are not responsible for what happens to items during shipping and will not cover any damages due to shipping. we are also not responsible for any lost items in shipping. all items must have the rma number written on the box to be accepted. we will do our best to get your repair or replacement sent to you as soon as possible. in most cases, products are repaired and shipped back within 10 business days. repair time is dependent on shipping time and whether the item is in stock. all dvr repairs are performed by professional technicians with 1000's of hours of bench experience. all dvr's sent in for repair is tested for 24 hours before being sent back out. how can i get remote access? answer: set up software to view through internet: http://www.zmodo.com/models-9004-9008 http://www.zmodo.com/remote_network_setup the 1st one is for local network setup, the 2nd one is for remote access setup. how to view the video over internet? answer: set up software to view through internet http://www.zmodo.com/downloader/index/index/type/2/limit/20/p/1/ i'm trying to connect to my dvr but i'm getting the error: connect failed! reason: no stream, timeout. how do i fix this? answer: there are a few problems that can cause this error. the most common issue is that the dvr is not set up on the local network correctly. for information on that, select your dvr under the technical support area of this site and go to the network setup link. if you are able to connect locally, but not remotely to the dvr and you get this. it could be that your firewall is blocking the stream port for the video, or the router on the network that the dvr is connected to is not port forwarding correctly. for help on port forwarding, please see the extended network troubleshooting link under your dvr. i can get connected to my dvr over the network, but all i see is a black screen. what can be causing this? answer: if you are getting a black screen when connected to the dvr over the local network or remote locations, there could be a couple of things wrong. 1. first, double check your firewall and make sure it's not blocking the video stream port for the dvr. any easy way to fix this (if you use windows firewall) is to use an exception. create a custom setting for the port in the exception list and that can fix this issue. 2. another thing to check is to make sure that your video card drivers are installed correctly. because video streams use directx, it's important to use updated drivers and compatible video cards. to check this, click start-> right-click on my computer and choose properties, click on the hardware tab and then click device manager. in here click the plus + sign next to display adapters. if this says "standard driver display adapter" then that can be causing you problems also. try finding the drivers of the brand and model of the video card. 3. make sure to update directx. if you do not have directx 9.0c installed, try upgrading to that and it will install the updated activex controls and can also fix this issue. how do i view video playback to see my recorded information? answer: model: (2104, 6304, 6504, 6509, 6909) first, stop the recording. second, press play and select menu. you should now see an event list with your recorded files. select the files you want to review. another way to do it is to: first, stop the recording. second, press play and then rewind (up to 6speeds of rewinding/fast forwarding). when i turn on my dvr it says "no hard drive is detected." what do i do now? answer: sometimes during shipment connections can become loose. turn your dvr off. using a philips screwdriver, remove the cover of the dvr. next, locate the hard drive (flat, silver looking box with red cables coming out of it) and check the connections from the hard drive to the circuit board. carefully unplug them and plug them back in to make sure they have a good connection (most of the time in comes off near the hard drive). two routers’ connection way answer: 1. key point: change the second router’s ip address, and close dhcp. 2. reset your computer as bellows: net hood-right mouse button-local network-right mouse button-properties (tcp/ip)—change its properties into obtain the ip address automatically. can i back-up remotely? answer: you cannot back-up remotely; but every dvr should be able to do usb backup. ie block problem answer: 1. go to tools, internet options (either at the top or top right side of the menu bar); 2. select the security tab 3. custom level button; 4. scroll down to activex controls and plugins; 5. under activex controls and plugins do the following:   1) if they are already enabled or prompted - leave them alone.   2) if there is only an option between enable and disable - choose enable    3) if there are options between enable, disable, and prompt - choose prompt how to get my new dvr and ptz camera operating? answer: 1.you need to connect the rs485 wire; 2.connect power and video output, then you should get image from your dvr and control it on your dvr. does the camera have motion detection function? answer: these cameras cannot be activated by motion. by if your dvr has motion detection function, it does not matter what camera you use. you should be able to turn on the motion detection on your dvr or dvr card software. then whenever there is any movement captured by the camera it will trigger the recording. you should be able to see from the screen that it is recording on motion. also you should be able to setup the pack time which decides how long it will record after motion recording is on. the dvr is locked up. why can't i get into the menu when my dvr is recording? answer: first you will need to press stop, and then press menu to change settings. how much video recording time can i get with zmodo? answer: there are several variables that control the amount of video recording which can be stored on your system. the number of frames per second you are recording, how many cameras and what resolution you are recording all impact the amount of video which can be stored. you can increase the amount of video history the system can store by performing any of the following. they are listed in the order we would recommend. add more hard drive space use motion activated recording only reduce the number of frames per second each camera is recording reduce the recording resolution how do i hook my dvr up to a tv/monitor? answer: what are the differences between 6mm and 3.6mm’s cameras? answer: dome usually has 3.6mm focal while bullet has 6mm, 3.6mm has wider viewing angle while 6mm can see further than 3.6mm. what's the difference between 1/3” ccd and 1/4”ccd cards? answer: the 1/3" ccd is larger than the 1/4" ccd, so the camera with 1/3" ccd will have better image quality than the 1/4" ccd camera. what is “vari-focal”? answer: vari-focal means you can adjust the lens focal on the objectives at different distance. i cannot get any video from any of my cameras. answer: make sure that your pigtails are wired into your power supply box correctly. the wire with the white stripe or white writing connects to the red or positive terminal. the focus on my camera is going out, how do i refocus it? answer: most of the cameras we carry have a locking screw on the focus adjust area of the lens. take apart the camera carefully and near the lens there should be a set screw. loosen the screw and adjust the focus of the lens by turning the lens left and right. once you get the focus right, tighten the screw back down. what are the differences between 6mm and 3.6mm’s cameras? answer: dome usually has 3.6mm focal while bullet has 6mm, 3.6mm has wider viewing angle while 6mm can see further than 3.6mm. why is my camera showing all white when it's in night vision mode? answer: the led light is reflecting off the dome of your camera and blinding your lens. to correct this problem, please remove the dome lens cover and pull the little foam gasket around the lens out until it is flush with the inside of the dome lens cover. this will block the ir lighting from reflecting back into the lens and blinding it. are the cameras waterproof? are the dome cameras weatherproof? can they be used outdoor? answer: the outdoor bullet cameras are weatherproof, not waterproof. they cannot be submerged in water, but they can be set outside under all kinds of weather conditions. most of the dome cameras are only for indoor use. but the vandal-proof dome camera can be used outside since they are also weatherproof. setting wi-fi of ip camera answer: follow the instructions below to get started after the camera has been mounted properly. when the ip camera is powered on, it will rotate itself and stop to the center. 1) use network cable connect ip camera to lan. 2) enter ip camera tool to set the basic configuration. 3) when ip address of the camera listed in the result field of the ip camera tool, it means the basic configuration is completed. 4) set the safety property of ie in the pc when you view it first time. 5) camera login 6) now you can use the ip camera as visitor, operator or administration in the lan. i am having trouble setting up the movement functionality on my z2212gy ptz camera. answer: on the newest model of the z2212gy (august 2011 or newer) there are now two dip switch locations. the easiest dip switch to access is just underneath the top ring between the inner and outer housing. the other is located on the bottom of the inner housing. sw1 controls the protocol and baud rate. sw2 controls the addressing. the default dip switch settings are: protocol: pelco-d baud rate: 2400 address: 001 the two dip switch locations work in conjunction with one another. for example: if the address dip switch on the switch located just underneath the top ring has addressing switch 2 on, and the address dip switch located at the bottom of the inner housing has addressing switch 1 on, the camera's address will read address: 003. it is recommended to turn all dip switches off which are located at the bottom of the inner housing so that you may independently use the dip switches located just underneath the top ring of the camera. all of this is made easier with the on screen display (osd) that comes up once the camera is finished with it's home sequence. the osd shows the protocol, baud rate and address at the top of the channel. do i need to have power at every single camera? answer: every camera must have power but you don't need to run or have an ac power outlet next to each camera. all of our 4 to 16 camera kits come with pre-made power and video wire with connectors. all cams can be powered with plug in power supplies on a power supply next to your recorder. with our 8 to 32 camera kits, we offer a multi camera power supply that can be mounted in a central location with power wires (two conductor/twisted) running to each camera. about us careers contact us site map © 2010 zmodo.com. all rights reserved.