来源URL: https://web.archive.org/web/20131004203934/http://www.zmodo.com/rma/
================================================================================

rma live support english 中文 products network product home products 720p hd ip camera system.. home ip camera mini nvr home solution professional products 4ch 1080p poe nvr system .. bullet ip camera box ip camera dome ip camera ptz ip camera professional nvr professional solution enterprise solution 128ch h.264 720p/1080p nv.. zims system analog product analog camera high speed ptz 18x zoom h.. dome camera bullet camera ptz camera dvr 16 channel full d1 hybrid.. 4 channel dvr 8 channel dvr 16 channel dvr security dvr kit 4ch dvr kit 8ch dvr kit 16ch dvr kit support downloads warranty & rma knowledge base network setup tutorial remote assistance installation services zmodo community contact us product catalog live demo about zmodo company profile ceo’s welcome news & events customer testimonials interviews contact zmodo careers shop online merchants distributors retail stores international resellers search warranty & rma new rma requirements rma tracking return policy and procedures general guidelines to qualify for a return merchandise authorization (rma) for either a refund or repair of zmodo products, all items require an rma number prior to being returned. products must be 100% complete, in the same condition as when sold, and in the original packaging as provided by the manufacturer. all packing materials, manuals, cds, and other accessories and documentation must be included. kits and other items assembled after purchase must be unassembled and returned in the manufacturer's original packaging. all returns will be inspected and products found to be non-conforming will be rejected or subject to a 15% restocking fee at zmodo's sole discretion. non-qualified and non-conforming returns are not included in zmodo rma policy and, if returned, will be rejected or subject to a restocking fee of up to 15% at zmodo's sole discretion. if the non-qualified or non-conforming package is rejected, the party who returned the item(s) will be billed for return shipping cost of the item(s). receiving procedure all returned products will be thoroughly inspected and a determination will be made if eligibility and conforming requirements are met. to avoid any delay or denial of processing your return please verify the product you are returning meets the guidelines below and qualifies for return. if a non-conforming product is accepted for return zmodo reserves the right to charge a restocking fee up to 15% at zmodo's sole discretion. return processing may take up to 5 business days from the time your product is received. inspection criteria products must be in the original manufacturers packaging, and shipped securely. products must be complete with any standard certification labels originally placed and not tampered with. this includes , but is not limited to ul listing, capacity, brand name, upc code. products must be free of any permanent alterations including, but not limited to paint, altered connection inputs, severed wires or cables, or indication of removed screws/fasteners or seals. products must be free from damage of any type, including, but not limited to dents, scratches, cracks, abuse, defacement or damage resulting from power surges. products labeled with a security seal, must have the seal intact and not tampered with. cross shipment in the event that a replacement product is needed immediately, a cross-shipment option is available if the original purchase date is within 6 months of the cross-shipment request. requesting this option implies that the customer has the defective part and will ship it back to zmodo within 25 calendar days of the ship date of the replacement product. the customer will be asked to secure the return by providing a credit card number. there will be a 25-day cross-authorization placed on the card equal to the list price of the item being shipped. when the cross-authorization is placed on the credit card, the customer will see an approximate 48-hour hold for the amount equal to the list price if the item(s) being exchanged. after the initial 48-hour hold expires, the customer should see no charge placed on the credit card unless the rma items are not returned to zmodo within 25 calendar days. should 25 days pass and the original product is not yet received by zmodo, we will charge the full amount that was authorized on the credit card. subject to availability, zmodo will ship product on the same day the rma is generated. missing parts procedure in the event that your order arrived incomplete, and the tracking indicates that your order was shipped from the zmodo warehouse in central illinois; zmodo may require image confirmation at our discretion before replacements for any missing parts are shipped out. if your order included a dvr with a hard disk drive included, and a hard disk drive was not installed in the dvr that you received, zmodo may ask for image confirmation before exchanging the dvr you’ve received with a dvr that has a hard disk drive installed. if your order was not delivered or if your order arrived damaged, please contact zmodo customer support so that we can file a claim with the carrier service we used to ship your order. in the event that your order arrived damaged or incomplete due to external damage, please keep all interior and exterior packaging as this is needed when we file the shipping claim. missing parts procedure for international customers in the event that an order is shipped to an international location and that order is either incomplete or including any incorrect items in lieu of correct items, the customer will be responsible for arranging that the correct item(s) be shipped to the international location. it is the customer’s responsibility to ship the incorrect item(s) to the zmodo location that is detailed in the rma information. zmodo will reimburse the customer for all international return shipping costs pending the acquisition of their shipping receipt indicating the exact cost to ship the defective item(s) internationally. return shipping for your protection, we recommend that you insure your return and use a traceable carrier that can provide you with delivery confirmation. zmodo shall not be responsible for items returned that are lost or damaged in transit. postage and handling charges, both to and from our warehouse will be paid by the customer, and are non-refundable. at our discretion, zmodo may reimburse shipping charges related to the return or exchange of defective products inside the u.s. only. return shipping for international rmas for repair in the event that item(s) become defective within the one year manufacturer’s warranty and the item(s) are located outside of the united states, it is the customer’s responsibility to ship the defective item(s) to the zmodo location that is detailed in the rma information. zmodo will only ship rma returns to the usa and canada. at our discretion, we may reimburse the customer for international shipping costs in the form of store credit. if the returned item(s) are tested and found to be non-defective by the certified zmodo rma technicians, the customer will not be reimbursed but international return shipping costs. the customer will be responsible for arranging shipment of the returned non-defective items from the us to their international location. if the returned item(s) are tested and found to be defective by the certified zmodo rma technicians, the customer will be reimbursed for all costs of return international shipping in the form of store credit. the customer will be responsible for arranging shipment of the returned defective item(s) from the us to the customer’s international location. in the event that we decide to issue store credit to a customer to reimburse for the cost of return international shipping, the customer must provide a copy of their shipping receipt indicating the exact cost to ship the defective item(s) internationally. under no circumstances is zmodo able to reimburse any customs and/or duty tax fees that are enacted by the shipping carrier. refund policy for zmodo purchases unless otherwise specified in the item listing on our website, on the receipt or packing slip, or in the terms agreement, zmodo will accept qualified and conforming products for refund within 30 days of the original purchase date. refund policy for retail purchases in order to return any number of zmodo items for refund, please contact the sales venue where these item(s) were originally purchased from and request to send your product(s) back for a refund. most vendors who offer zmodo products will offer a 30 day refund option, however this is subject to the specific policy of the sales vendor that the product(s) were purchased from. please refer to the return policy of the original store or vendor that you purchased your zmodo products from for specific return policy information. upgrade or exchange procedure if the item(s) that you have purchased do not function to your satisfaction or do not apply to your installation application, please contact the sales venue in which the item was originally purchased from and request a refund for any item(s) that you wish to return. zmodo is unable to exchange any item for an item of a different type unless the following circumstance applies: 1. an item is returned to zmodo for repair under the manufacturer’s one year warranty period and that same item was found to be defective and un-repairable by certified zmodo rma technicians. 2. that same item is out of stock at the time that it was returned to zmodo and tested by certified rma technicians. should the described circumstance directly apply, zmodo will offer at its sole discretion, either a variety of options for an item substitution, an item upgrade, a refund for the list price of the irreplaceable item, or store credit for the list price of the irreplaceable item. limitations of warranty this warranty does not include non-zmodo installed components. this limited warranty does not cover any damage to the product that results from abnormal mechanical or environmental conditions, abuse, accident, improper installation, misuse, insufficient or excessive electrical supply, natural disaster, or any unauthorized disassembly, repair, or modification. this limited warranty also does not apply to any product on which the original product label and or upc information has been altered, obliterated or removed, has not been handled or packaged correctly, has been sold as second-hand, or has been resold contrary to us export regulations. this limited warranty covers only replacements for defective zmodo products, as described above. zmodo does not cover under warranty and is not liable for any loss of data or any costs associated with diagnosing the source of system problems or installing, removing or servicing zmodo products. this warranty excludes 3rd party software, connected equipment or stored data. in the event of a claim, zmodo's sole obligation shall be to replace our product with its equivalent or the best possible substitute. under no circumstances shall zmodo be liable in any way to the user for damages, including any lost profits, lost savings or other incidental or consequential damages arising out of the use of, or inability to use the zmodo products. zmodo reserves the right to revise or update its products, software, or documentation in keeping with technological advances without obligation to notify any individual or entity. technical support and firmware upgrades for zmodo products are restricted to the country/region of purchase. please refer to www.zmodo.com/contact/ in order to contact us to clarify any concerns with the warranty. yes , i already read the policy.i am a distributor. request new rma contact info first name: * last name: * e-mail: * company: return address: * city: * state: * please select region, state or province country: * afghanistanaland islandsalbaniaalgeriaamerican samoaandorraangolaanguillaantarcticaantigua and barbudaargentinaarmeniaarubaaustraliaaustriaazerbaijanbahamasbahrainbangladeshbarbadosbelarusbelgiumbelizebeninbermudabhutanboliviabosnia and herzegovinabotswanabouvet islandbrazilbritish indian ocean territorybritish virgin islandsbruneibulgariaburkina fasoburundicambodiacamerooncanadacape verdecayman islandscentral african republicchadchilechinachristmas islandcocos islandscolombiacomoroscongo - brazzavillecongo - kinshasacook islandscosta ricacroatiacubacyprusczech republicdenmarkdjiboutidominicadominican republiceast timorecuadoregyptel salvadorequatorial guineaeritreaestoniaethiopiafalkland islandsfaroe islandsfijifinlandfrancefrench guianafrench polynesiafrench southern territoriesgabongambiageorgiagermanyghanagibraltargreecegreenlandgrenadaguadeloupeguamguatemalaguernseyguineaguinea-bissauguyanahaitiheard island and mcdonald islandshondurashong konghungaryicelandindiaindonesiairaniraqirelandisle of manisraelitalyivory coastjamaicajapanjerseyjordankazakhstankenyakiribatikuwaitkyrgyzstanlaoslatvialebanonlesotholiberialibyaliechtensteinlithuanialuxembourgmacaumacedoniamadagascarmalawimalaysiamaldivesmalimaltamarshall islandsmartiniquemauritaniamauritiusmayottemetropolitan francemexicomicronesiamoldovamonacomongoliamontenegromontserratmoroccomozambiquemyanmarnamibianaurunepalnetherlandsnetherlands antillesnew caledonianew zealandnicaraguanigernigerianiuenorfolk islandnorth koreanorthern mariana islandsnorwayomanpakistanpalaupalestinian territorypanamapapua new guineaparaguayperuphilippinespitcairnpolandportugalpuerto ricoqatarreunionromaniarussiarwandasaint barthélemysaint helenasaint kitts and nevissaint luciasaint martinsaint pierre and miquelonsaint vincent and the grenadinessamoasan marinosao tome and principesaudi arabiasenegalserbiaserbia and montenegroseychellessierra leonesingaporeslovakiasloveniasolomon islandssomaliasouth africasouth georgia and the south sandwich islandssouth koreaspainsri lankasudansurinamesvalbard and jan mayenswazilandswedenswitzerlandsyriataiwantajikistantanzaniathailandtogotokelautongatrinidad and tobagotunisiaturkeyturkmenistanturks and caicos islandstuvaluu.s. virgin islandsugandaukraineunited arab emiratesunited kingdomunited statesunited states minor outlying islandsuruguayuzbekistanvanuatuvaticanvenezuelavietnamwallis and futunawestern saharayemenzambiazimbabwe zip: * telephone: * fax: return shipping: * by self case #:* if you do not have a case number, please contact tech support at 1-866-551-6881. item 1 invoice#: submit from to search invoice#: * sku code: * qty: * upc code: serial#: invoice date: product name: select reason(s) for rma: * accessoriescameradvruncategorized ---please select--- select rma type: * replacementrepairingreturn note: * add more file please upload some pictures of the issues described , or your invoice/receipt. only jpg/png are allowed,max size is 2m. submitadd a item rma search rma code : or email: go>> status definitions: new rma – the rma has just been created and needs to be changed to the appropriate status in order to proceed with the rma process. a zmodo agent will update the status within the next business day. waiting for return – we have not received your return. tech ticket – a zmodo agent has determined that additional phone troubleshooting may be necessary before any items are approved for return to the manufacturer. waiting shipment – some or all items regarding the rma are approved to be shipped out to the client. items will be shipped within the next business day. rtag required – a zmodo agent has requested that a pre-paid shipping label be emailed to the client so that the client will not need to pay for any return shipping. a rma agent will either approve or deny this request based on eligibility. if the pre-paid shipping label is approved.the client will receive an email with a pre-paid shipping label attached. cross-authorization – a zmodo agent has approved a preemptive replacement by placing a hold authorization on the client’s credit card for the value of items being exchanged. the replacement item(s) will be shipped within the next business day. rma received – we have received your return. rma-testing – the rma technicians have begun testing on the returned item(s). the rma status will update after testing is finished. rma-tested – the rma technicians have completed all necessary testing for the returned item(s), and are continuing to process the rma accordingly. the rma will be updated further within the next business day. wait-more information needed– this status implies that the rma department requires additional information from the client in order to proceed with the rma. zmodo customer support will utilize this status after a notification message has been sent to the client indicating that additional information is needed in order to proceed with the rma. wait compete-define results – we have received all the necessary information and will begin processing waiting shipment repaired - product testing completed and repaired need more action – we are waiting for information from customer,please email support@zmodo.com and include your rma number for further information. pending refund – all items returned for refund have been checked in and tested, the rma has been passed to the refund operator to determine refund eligibility and calculate the refund amount. approved refund – all items returned for refund have been approved for refund, and the refund operator will calculate the exact refund amount and issue the refund within the next business day. refunded – the refund operator has issued the refund, and the client should have received an email stating the exact refund amount. the may take up to 4 business days to be posted in the client’s bank statement. packing – product is being prepared for shipping. picking-line* - the items to be shipped to the client are being packaged, and the line number describes which section in the warehouse is the package being prepared for shipment. shipped – product was shipped from our warehouse support downloads warranty & rma knowledge base network setup tutorial remote assistance installation services zmodo community customer care product catalog knowledge base enter keyword, sku or term this is a required field. about us contact us terms & conditions careers sitemap © 2013 zmodo.com. all rights reserved.