来源URL: https://web.archive.org/web/20141227174320/http://www.zmodo.com/terms-of-use/
================================================================================

terms of use for surveillance contact 0 magento commerce products smart home zmodo ezcam zmodo smart wi-fi doorbell zmodo smart plug smart office zmodo spoe kit 8 channel spoe kit solutions discover about zmodo press careers support search site home > terms of use terms of use in using this website you are deemed to have read and agreed to the following terms of use: the following terminology applies to these terms and conditions, privacy statement and disclaimer notice and any or all agreements: "client", “you” and “your” refers to you, the person accessing this website and accepting the company’s terms and conditions. "the company", “ourselves”, “we” and "us", refers to zmodo, our company. “party”, “parties”, or “us”, refers to both the client and ourselves, or either the client or ourselves. all terms refer to the offer, acceptance and consideration of payment necessary to undertake the process of our assistance to the client in the most appropriate manner, whether by formal meetings of a fixed duration, or any other means, for the express purpose of meeting the client’s needs in respect of provision of the company’s stated services/products, in accordance with and subject to, prevailing english law. any use of the above terminology or other words in the singular, plural, capitalisation and/or he/she or they, are taken as interchangeable and therefore as referring to same. privacy statement we are committed to protecting your privacy. authorized employees within the company on a need to know basis only use any information collected from individual customers. we constantly review our systems and data to ensure the best possible service to our customers. parliament has created specific offences for unauthorised actions against computer systems and data. we will investigate any such actions with a view to prosecuting and/or taking civil proceedings to recover damages against those responsible. accounts, passwords and security certain features or services offered on or through the site may require you to open an account (including setting up a zmodo id and password). you are entirely responsible for maintaining the confidentiality of the information you hold for your account, including your password, and for any and all activity that occurs under your account as a result of your failing to keep this information secure and confidential. you agree to notify zmodo immediately of any unauthorized use of your account or password, or any other breach of security. you may be held liable for losses incurred by zmodo or any other user of or visitor to the site due to someone else using your zmodo id, password or account as a result of your failing to keep your account information secure and confidential. you may not use anyone else’s zmodo id, password or account at any time without the express permission and consent of the holder of that zmodo id, password or account. zmodo cannot and will not be liable for any loss or damage arising from your failure to comply with these obligations. confidentiality client records are regarded as confidential and therefore will not be divulged to any third party, other than some parties if legally required to do so to the appropriate authorities. clients have the right to request sight of, and copies of any and all client records we keep, on the proviso that we are given reasonable notice of such a request. clients are requested to retain copies of any literature issued in relation to the provision of our services. where appropriate, we shall issue client’s with appropriate written information, handouts or copies of records as part of an agreed contract, for the benefit of both parties. we will not sell, share, or rent your personal information to any third party or use your e-mail address for unsolicited mail. any emails sent by this company will only be in connection with the provision of agreed services and products. consent to international transfers of personal information the personal information we collect on our websites may be sent to the united states or to any other country in which zmodo or its affiliates, subsidiaries or agents maintain facilities. we may also store and process the information there. although the laws that protect personal information in those countries may differ from the laws where you live, we will take reasonable steps to ensure that your privacy is protected. by using our websites and giving your information to us, you consent to the transfer of the data outside of your country. disclaimer exclusions and limitations information on this web site is not promised or guaranteed to be correct, current, or complete, and this site may contain technical inaccuracies or typographical errors. zmodo assumes no responsibility (and expressly disclaims responsibility) for updating this site to keep information current or to ensure the accuracy or completeness of any posted information. accordingly, you should confirm the accuracy and completeness of all posted information before making any decision related to any services, products, or other matters described in this site. zmodo provides no assurances that any reported problems will be resolved by zmodo, even if zmodo elects to provide information with the goal of addressing a problem. termination of agreements and refunds policy in some cases, you can review and correct personal information provided through our websites by going to the page on which you provided the information. in all cases, you can make a request to review and correct your personal information collected via our websites or asks zmodo to stop using it by completing our contact us form. we may take steps to verify your identity before providing you access to your personal information. you can help us to maintain the accuracy of your information by notifying us of any change to your mailing address, phone number, or e-mail address. note that we need to retain certain records for legal or internal business reasons and that some of your information may remain on backup systems, in compliance with applicable law. we will retain your personal information for as long as necessary to provide you with the websites and applications you are eligible to use with your zmodo id, or as needed to comply with our legal obligations or enforce our agreements. changes to this privacy policy zmodo may occasionally update this privacy policy. when we do, we will revise the "last updated" date at the bottom of the privacy policy. we will obtain your opt-in consent for any updates to this privacy policy that materially expand the sharing or use of your personal information in ways not disclosed in this privacy policy at the time of collection. enforcement of this privacy policy information zmodo publishes on the world wide web may contain references or cross references to zmodo products, programs and services that are not announced or available in your country. such references do not imply that zmodo intends to announce or make available such products, programs, or services in your country. please consult your local zmodo business contact for information regarding the products, programs, and services that may be available to you. log files we use ip addresses to analyse trends, administer the site, track user’s movement, and gather broad demographic information for aggregate use. ip addresses are not linked to personally identifiable information. additionally, for systems administration, detecting usage patterns and troubleshooting purposes, our web servers automatically log standard access information including browser type, access times/open mail, url requested, and referral url. this information is not shared with third parties and is used only within this company on a need-to-know basis. any individually identifiable information related to this data will never be used in any way different to that stated above without your explicit permission. links to third party sites the links in this area will let you leave zmodo's site. the linked sites are not under the control of zmodo and zmodo is not responsible for the contents of any linked site or any link contained in a linked site, or any changes or updates to such sites. zmodo is not responsible for webcasting or any other form of transmission received from any linked site. zmodo is providing these links to you only as a convenience, and the inclusion of any link does not imply endorsement by zmodo of the site. copyright notice copyright and other relevant intellectual property rights exist on all text relating to the company’s services and the full content of this website. this company’s logo is a registered trademark of this company in the united states and other countries. the brand names and specific services of this company featured on this web site are trademarked. force majeure neither party shall be liable to the other for any failure to perform any obligation under any agreement which is due to an event beyond the control of such party including but not limited to any act of god, terrorism, war, political insurgence, insurrection, riot, civil unrest, act of civil or military authority, uprising, earthquake, flood or any other natural or man-made eventuality outside of our control, which causes the termination of an agreement or contract entered into, nor which could have been reasonably foreseen. any party affected by such event shall forthwith inform the other party of the same and shall use all reasonable endeavours to comply with the terms and conditions of any agreement contained herein. waiver failure of either party to insist upon strict performance of any provision of this or any agreement or the failure of either party to exercise any right or remedy to which it, he or they are entitled hereunder shall not constitute a waiver thereof and shall not cause a diminution of the obligations under this or any agreement. no waiver of any of the provisions of this or any agreement shall be effective unless it is expressly stated to be such and signed by both parties. general this site and all content in this site may not be copied, reproduced, republished, uploaded, posted, transmitted, distributed, or used for the creation of derivative works without zmodo's prior written consent, except that zmodo grants you non-exclusive, non-transferable, limited permission to access and display the web pages within this site, solely on your computer and for your personal, non-commercial use of this web site. this permission is conditioned on your not modifying the content displayed on this site, your keeping intact all copyright, trademark, and other proprietary notices, and your acceptance of any terms, conditions, and notices accompanying the content or otherwise set forth in this site. notwithstanding the foregoing, any software and other materials that are made available for downloading, access, or other use from this site with their own license terms, conditions, and notices will be governed by such terms, conditions, and notices. your failure to comply with the terms, conditions, and notices on this site will result in automatic termination of any rights granted to you, without prior notice, and you must immediately destroy all copies of downloaded materials in your possession or control. except for the limited permission in the preceding paragraph, zmodo does not grant you any express or implied rights or licenses under any patents, trademarks, copyrights, or other proprietary or intellectual property rights. you may not mirror any of the content from this site on another web site or in any other media. notification of changes zmodo may, without notice to you, at any time revise these terms of use and any other information contained in this web site by updating this posting. zmodo may also make improvements or changes in the products, services, or programs described in this site at any time without notice. these terms of use form part of the agreement between the client and us. your accessing of this website and/or undertaking of a booking or agreement indicates your understanding, agreement to and acceptance, of the disclaimer notice and the full terms and conditions contained herein. your statutory consumer rights are unaffected. solutions for surveillance support about us community press videos careers contact us cart copyright © 2014 zmodo all rights reserved. terms of use privacy policy english chinese connect with us subscribe live chat remote support