来源URL: https://web.archive.org/web/20171229061316/http://www.zmodo.com/ces2018/
================================================================================

ces 2018 - zmodo products sight 180(new) greet pro 1080p wifi doorbell(new) pivot cloud(new) pivot 720p outdoor wifi cam(new) greet 720p wifi doorbell replay wireless security system 1080p spoe security system (new) indoor/outdoor wireless security system (new) 720p wireless security system (new) snap pt (new) sight 180 c (new) beam wifi extender ezcam pro 1080p outdoor wifi camera door/window sensors(2-pack/4-pack) cloud support contact ces 2018 store search zmodo.com press indoor monitoring snap pt true wireless cam 1080p pan & tilt camera pivot cloud pivot sight 180 sight 180 c ezcam pro ezcam mini wifi camera view all products outdoor monitoring 1080p outdoor wifi cam pro 1080p outdoor wifi cam 720p outdoor wifi cam smart doorbells 1080p greet pro 1080p greet universal 720p greet 1.5 security systems n-channel security system 1080p spoe security system 720p spoe security sytem 720p wireless security system smart accessories beam wifi extender door/window sensors top zmodo is your total smart home solution. our open iot platform and ecosystem of products work together in one app to cover any size home. zmodo introduces the new cloud platform and stylish smart home products to become your one stop shop for smart home solutions. ces 2018 sands expo, level 2, halls a-d 42125 jan 9-12, 2018 smart home solutions smart home solutions greet pro answer the door wherever you are. see and speak to visitors directly from your smartphone. on-demand video means that you can view live video of your front porch at any time, even if no one rings the bell. learn more greet universal greet universal keeps your home protected and makes sure you never miss another visitor. the included indoor chime allows you to hear the doorbell ring from any room of your home, even if you're not near your phone. learn more sight 180 outdoor zmodo's latest outdoor security camera offers crisp 1080p hd video, a sturdy design, and motion alerts to ensure you're always in the know. learn more smart lock zmodo's smart lock allows you to always know the status of your front door. lock or unlock the door remotely, all from the zmodo app. learn more door/window sensors receive alerts when a door or window is opened or closed. provide coverage for more of your home by connecting these door/window sensors. learn more tune tune is a smart wifi thermostat which learns your behavior and preferences over time. keep your home always comfortable, all while lowering the power bill with energy savings. learn more breeze for those pesky rooms that never seem to match what the thermostat is set to, zmodo's breeze smart vent controls airflow automatically, bringing the temperature to your set preference. learn more room sensor the zmodo room sensor is a small device utilizing a pir motion sensor that can be placed anywhere in your home to alert you when motion is detected in the area. learn more smart sprinkler controller water your lawn automatically, set schedules, and conserve water.pairs with moisture sensors and receives weather updates to help you control your watering and save on bills. learn more torch pro and torch 360 zmodo's torch line of smart bulbs offer a colorful monitoring solution, with options for millions of colors and easy installation into standard bulb sockets. learn more beam as a wifi range extender and smart home hub, beam plugs directly into standard power sockets for easy installation and automatic configuration of other zmodo smart devices. learn more sight 180 a sophisticated home security camera with an award-winning design that allows you to check in on your kids or pets easily from anywhere using your smartphone. learn more sight 180 c 1080p hd wireless indoor security camera with 180° wide viewing angle, night vision, two-way audio, and optional cloud recording. learn more pivot cloud pivot cloud is an all-in-one smart home hub and 1080p hd camera.with built in 350° rotation, two-way audio, optional cloud recording,and temperature/humidity sensors, you'll always know what's going on at home. learn more 1080p pan and tilt camera monitor the whole room with zmodo's 1080p pan and tilt camera featuring two-way audio, night vision, and optional cloud recording. learn more snap pt zmodo's snap pt is a 1080p true wireless pan & tilt camera which allows you to check in on your home at anytime. use snap pt's two-way audio to communicate with your loved ones when you can't be there. you’re never out of range of what's going on with snap pt's limitless panning abilities and 30 degrees of tilt. learn more snap monitor your home wherever you are with snap. this true wireless camera is battery powered and can be charged wirelessly, making installation… a snap! learn more snap pro zmodo's snap pro is a 1080p hd true wireless kid and pet monitoring camera with night vision, two-way audio, and wireless charging. snap pro's replaceable battery gives you flexibility to take it to other rooms for more hours of temporary coverage. learn more zmodo specialized business solutions zmodo's n-channel business security system keeps your property secured and gives you peace of mind wherever you are. the included repeaters connect up to 8 wired cameras each, but also support wireless cameras, providing flexible installation options. 16 ch security system learn more 24 ch security system learn more 32 ch security system learn more smoke detector a connected smoke detector that beeps and sends you an alert when smoke is detected. learn more remote switch between home, away, sleep and mute modes with one touch for instant notification management. learn more pir sensor alerts you when motion is detected. learn more beacon an emergency button for sending an alert to your paired devices. learn more door / window sensor receive alerts when a door or window is opened. learn more gas detector sends alerts and beeps when natural gas is detected. learn more beam wifi range extender and smart home hub. learn more entryway andoutdoor solutions entryway andoutdoor solutions temperaturecontrol temperaturecontrol smart garden smart garden smart indoormonitoring smart indoormonitoring true wirelessmonitoring true wirelessmonitoring security system security system smartaccessories kit smartaccessories kit next smart home solutions entryway and outdoor solutions greet pro answer the door wherever you are. see and speak to visitors directly from your smartphone. on-demand video means that you can view live video of your front porch at any time, even if no one rings the bell. learn more greet universal greet universal keeps your home protected and makes sure you never miss another visitor. the included indoor chime allows you to hear the doorbell ring from any room of your home, even if you’re not near your phone. learn more sight 180 outdoor zmodo's latest outdoor security camera offers crisp 1080p hd video, a sturdy design, and motion alerts to ensure you're always in the know learn more smart lock zmodo's smart lock allows you to always know the status of your front door. lock or unlock the door remotely, all from the zmodo app. learn more door/window sensors receive alerts when a door or window is opened or closed. provide coverage for more of your home by connecting these door/window sensors. learn more temperature control tune tune is a smart wifi thermostat which learns your behavior and preferences over time. keep your home always comfortable, all while lowering the power bill with energy savings. learn more breeze for those pesky rooms that never seem to match what the thermostat is set to, zmodo's breeze smart vent controls airflow automatically, bringing the temperature to your set preference. learn more room sensor the zmodo room sensor is a small device utilizing a pir motion sensor that can be placed anywhere in your home to alert you when motion is detected in the area. learn more smart garden smart sprinkler controller water your lawn automatically, set schedules, and conserve water.pairs with moisture sensors and receives weather updates to help you control your watering and save on bills. learn more torch pro and torch 360 zmodo's torch line of smart bulbs offer a colorful monitoring solution, with options for millions of colors and easy installation into standard bulb sockets. learn more beam as a wifi range extender and smart home hub, beam plugs directlyinto standard power sockets for easy installation and automatic configuration of other zmodo smart devices. learn more smart indoor monitoring sight 180 a sophisticated home security camera with an award-winning design that allows you to check in on your kids or pets easily from anywhere using your smartphone. learn more sight 180 c 1080p hd wireless indoor security camera with 180° wide viewing angle, night vision, two-way audio, and optional cloud recording. learn more pivot cloud pivot cloud is an all-in-one smart home hub and 1080p hd camera.with built in 350° rotation, two-way audio, optional cloud recording, and temperature/humidity sensors, you'll always know what's going on at home. learn more 1080p pan and tilt camera monitor the whole room with zmodo's 1080p pan and tilt camera featuring two-way audio, night vision, and optional cloud recording. learn more true wireless monitoring snap pt zmodo's snap pt is a 1080p true wireless pan & tilt camera which allows you to check in on your home at anytime. use snap pt's two-way audio to communicate with your loved ones when you can't be there. you're never out of range of what's going on with snap pt's limitless panning abilities and 30 degrees of tilt. learn more snap monitor your home wherever you are with snap. this true wireless camera is battery powered and can be charged wirelessly, making installation a snap! learn more snap pro zmodo's snap pro is a 1080p hd true wireless kid and pet monitoring camera with night vision, two-way audio, and wireless charging. snap pro's replaceable battery gives you flexibility to take it to other rooms for more hours of temporary coverage. learn more security system zmodo specialized business solutions zmodo's n-channel business security system keeps your property secured and gives you peace of mind wherever you are. the included repeaters connect up to 8 wired cameras each, but also support wireless cameras, providing flexible installation options. 16 ch security system learn more 24 ch security system learn more 32 ch security system learn more smart accessories kit smoke detector a connected smoke detector that beeps and sends you an alert when smoke is detected. learn more remote switch between home, away, sleep and mute modes with one touch for instant notification management. learn more pir sensor alerts you when motion is detected. learn more beacon an emergency button for sending an alert to your paired devices. learn more door / window sensor receive alerts when a door or window is opened. learn more gas detector sends alerts and beeps when natural gas is detected. learn more beam wifi range extender and smart home hub. learn more zmodo press kit download x brand assets introducing zmodo cloud recording zmodo cloud recording enables you to access to your camera's past recordings anywhere anytime. never miss a moment that matters to you with our 24/7 video recording. app web cloud playback alerts viewing create a clip share a clip save a clip cloud playback alerts viewing create a clip share a clip save a clip sorry! your browser does not support this feature. sorry! your browser does not support this feature. introducingzmodo cloud recording zmodo cloud recording enables you to access to your camera's past recordings anywhere anytime. never miss a moment that matters to you with our 24/7 video recording. app web cloud playback coming soon sorry! your browser does not support this feature. sorry! your browser does not support this feature. alerts viewing coming soon sorry! your browser does not support this feature. sorry! your browser does not support this feature. create a clip coming soon sorry! your browser does not support this feature. sorry! your browser does not support this feature. share a clip coming soon sorry! your browser does not support this feature. sorry! your browser does not support this feature. save a clip coming soon sorry! your browser does not support this feature. sorry! your browser does not support this feature. security is alwaysthe priority powered by us servers, the zmodo cloud recording is protected by bank-level encryption that can be accessed only by your personal account, to ensure that your videos are kept safe at all times. al functions smart than meets the eye. we are adding a lot more ai features with smart algorithms. body detection tells you if an alert is triggered by a person instead of an object. face detection sends specialized alerts when someone familiar is recognized. choose the plan that'sright for you special introductory pricing basic alert clips for the past 36 hours $0/month 7-dayplan 7 days of continuous cloud recordings 7 days of alert clip storage pay per camera (additional camera subscriptions 50% off) $4.99/month $49.90/year save $10 30-dayplan 30 days of continuous cloud recordings 30 days of alert clip storage pay per camera (additional camera subscriptions 50% off) $9.99/month $99.90/year save $20 sign up for the latest updates from zmodo new products, promotions, helpful tips, and more join the conversation #zmodoces ces® is a registered trademark of the consumer technology association. products & services all products indoor cameras snap pt pivot sight 180 sight 180 c ezcam pro cloud service security systems 8ch 1080p spoe security system 8ch wireless indoor/outdoor security system 8ch 720p wireless security system replay wireless security system outdoor cameras greet pro 1080p doorbell greet universal 1080p doorbell greet smart doorbell 1080p outdoor wifi cam 720p outdoor wifi cam smart accessories beam wifi extender door/window sensors support support center support for cloud service zmodo network tester warranty & rma reviewer program 2016 zmodo. © 2017 zmodo about us legal privacy policy press contact