来源URL: https://web.archive.org/web/20191215132610/https://www.zmodo.com/rma/
================================================================================

rma subscribe to the zmodo newsletter and get 15% off coupon!  >>> × products cloud support app store my store account zmodo web app my account | log out indoor cameras outdoor cameras video doorbells smart home products indoor cameras outdoor cameras video doorbells smart home cloud support store search zmodo.com nice to meet you! please sign in. my account login out need help? no problem. chat with one of our experts, or call us at 1-217-903-5037. (mon-fri, 8am-8pm, cst) no problem. chat with one of our experts, or call us at 1-217-903-5037. (mon-fri, 8am-8pm, cst) contact us no thanks warranty & return return policy rma tracking hardware warranty we are sorry to learn that you are not 100% satisfied with your purchase. please keep in mind that we offer support including faqs, video tutorials, and troubleshooting at www.zmodo.com/support if you have any questions about our products or services. policy effective 3/1/2015 general guidelines before returning any product to zmodo for any reason, please first obtain an rma (return merchandise authorization) number. sending a product back without an rma number will significantly delay the rma process. you can complete the online form to request an rma number (the link to rma requested form is located below this policy). online rma requests are usually processed within 2 business days. zmodo customer support can also assist with obtaining an rma number. the following information may be required in order to complete the rma request: 1.your name 2.company name 3.address 4.phone number 5.original invoice 6.zmodo product’s model number 7.credit card number 8.a brief description of the problem that is occurring with the product to be returned once the rma is created, you will receive an email with additional instructions on how to proceed. every returned product must have its rma number clearly visible on the return shipping label and in the box. part 1. return within 60 days from the purchase date for refund with or without reason refund policy for product purchased directly from zmodo if the zmodo product that you purchased directly from zmodo does not function to your satisfaction or does not apply to your installation application (the” product for refund”), you may return your product for refund to zmodo for a full refund within 60 days of the invoice date unless otherwise specified in the products’ listing on our website, on the receipt or packing slip, or in the purchase agreement terms. for your own benefit, we recommend that you use a traceable carrier that can provide you with the delivery confirmation to ship your product for refund back to the location instructed in the rma authorization. zmodo shall not be responsible for any loss or damage to the product for refund caused in transit. to avoid any delay or denial of processing your refund request please verify your product for refund satisfies all of our following inspection criteria (the “inspection criteria”). the product for refund must be: 1.in the original manufacturers packaging, and shipped securely; 2.complete with all the accessories, documentations, and standard certification labels originally, including, but is not limited to, ul listing, capacity, brand name, upc code; 3.free of any permanent alterations including, but not limited to paint, altered connection inputs, severed wires or cables, or indication of removed screws/fasteners or seals; 4.free from damages of any type, including, but not limited to dents, scratches, cracks, abuse, defacement or damages resulting from power surges; and 5.labeled with a security seal, which is intact and not tampered with the product for refund will be thoroughly inspected by zmodo when received, and a determination will be made whether the inspection criteria are met. if your product for refund fails to satisfy the inspection criteria (the “non-conforming product for refund”) and has been shipped to zmodo, your non-conforming product for refund will be rejected or subject to a restocking fee of up to 15% at zmodo's sole discretion. the inspection may take up to 5 business days from the time your product for refund is received. if the non-conforming product for refund is rejected by zmodo, you will be billed for the cost and fees of shipping the non-conforming product for refund from zmodo back to you. refund policy for product purchased from third-party stores or vendors if the zmodo product that you have purchased from the third-party stores or vendors does not function to your satisfaction or does not apply to your installation, please contact the third-party store or vendor where the product was originally purchased for the return and refund policy. all the return and refund processes related to the zmodo products purchased from third-party stores or vendors are subject to the specific policies of the third-party stores or vendors. please refer to the return and refund policy of the original store or vendor that you purchased your zmodo product from for specific information. part 2. warranty return in the event that your zmodo product becomes defective according to zmodo limited warranty and within the warranty period, you may return your defective product (the “returned product”) to us for repair or replacement. shipping of returned product to zmodo for your own benefit, we recommend that you use a traceable carrier that can provide you with delivery confirmation to ship your returned product back to the location instructed in the rma authorization. zmodo shall not be responsible for any loss or damage to the returned product caused in transit. shipping of repaired product and replacement from zmodo to you if the returned product is tested and found to be defective and covered by zmodo limited warranty, zmodo will only provide free ground shipping for the repaired product or replacement to the continental usa destination. if you are outside the continental usa, zmodo reserves the right to charge you with the additional shipping cost and other fees to ship the repaired product or replacement back to you. if the returned product is tested and found to be non-defective or not covered by zmodo limited warranty by the certified zmodo rma technicians, you should be responsible for arranging shipment of the returned product from zmodo to your location. under no circumstance is zmodo responsible to any customs clearance and/or duty, tax, fees that are enacted by the shipping carriers. cross shipment if a replacement product is needed immediately, a cross-shipment option is available if the original purchase date is within 6 months of the cross-shipment request. zmodo will only provide free ground cross shipment to the continental usa destination. any cross shipment to areas outside the continental usa will be charged additional shipping cost and other fees. requesting this option implies that your returned product has the defective part and you will ship it back to zmodo within 25 calendar days of the authorization of the cross shipment. you will be asked to secure the return by providing a credit card number. upon request of cross shipment, you authorize zmodo to put a 30-day cross-authorization placed on the credit card equal to the list price of the replacement product being shipped. zmodo will charge the full amount that was authorized on the credit card under following circumstances: 1.if the returned product is not received by zmodo within 25 calendar days from the authorization date of the cross shipment; 2.if the returned product is determined not covered by zmodo limited warranty by the certified zmodo rma technicians. zmodo will ship the replacement product within 2-3 business days from the authorization date of the cross shipment. upgrade or exchange procedure zmodo is unable to exchange any returned product for a product of a different type unless the returned product satisfies all the following requirements: 1.the returned product is returned to zmodo for repair or replacement under the zmodo limited warranty and within the warranty period; 2.the returned product is found to be defective and irreparable by the certified zmodo rma technicians; 3.products under the same model with the returned product are out of stock. if the returned product satisfies the described requirements, zmodo will offer, at its sole discretion, a variety of options for substitution or an upgrade product. part 3. missing parts procedure for order shipped directly from zmodo’s warehouse if your ordered product arrived incomplete, zmodo may require image confirmations at our discretion before replacements for any missing part is shipped out. if your order included a product with a hard-disk drive, and a hard-disk drive was not installed in the product that you received, zmodo may ask for image confirmations before exchanging the product you received with a complete one. if your order was not delivered or the ordered product arrived damaged, please contact zmodo customer support. if your ordered product arrived damaged or incomplete due to external damages, please keep all interior and exterior packaging as this is needed when we file the shipping claim with the carrier service we used to ship your order. for order shipped from third-party stores or vendors if your order arrived incomplete, was not delivered, or the ordered product arrived damaged, please contact the third-party store or vendor where the order was placed and shipped from for the detailed policy or information. yes , i already read the policy. i am a distributor. request new rma item 1 invoice#: submit from to search invoice#: * sku code: (where to find sku?)* qty: * product name: select reason(s) for rma: * accessoriescameradvr/nvruncategorized ---please select--- select rma type: * warranty repairreturn for refund describe the issue or reason for return: * add an item please upload some pictures of the issues described , and your invoice/receipt. only jpg/png is allowed,max size is 2m.add another file choose file no file chosen contact info first name: * last name: * e-mail: * company: return address: * city: * state: * please select region, state or province country: * afghanistanaland islandsalbaniaalgeriaamerican samoaandorraangolaanguillaantarcticaantigua and barbudaargentinaarmeniaarubaaustraliaaustriaazerbaijanbahamasbahrainbangladeshbarbadosbelarusbelgiumbelizebeninbermudabhutanboliviabosnia and herzegovinabotswanabouvet islandbrazilbritish indian ocean territorybritish virgin islandsbruneibulgariaburkina fasoburundicambodiacamerooncanadacape verdecayman islandscentral african republicchadchilechinachristmas islandcocos islandscolombiacomoroscongo - brazzavillecongo - kinshasacook islandscosta ricacroatiacubacyprusczech republicdenmarkdjiboutidominicadominican republiceast timorecuadoregyptel salvadorequatorial guineaeritreaestoniaethiopiafalkland islandsfaroe islandsfijifinlandfrancefrench guianafrench polynesiafrench southern territoriesgabongambiageorgiagermanyghanagibraltargreecegreenlandgrenadaguadeloupeguamguatemalaguernseyguineaguinea-bissauguyanahaitiheard island and mcdonald islandshondurashong konghungaryicelandindiaindonesiairaniraqirelandisle of manisraelitalyivory coastjamaicajapanjerseyjordankazakhstankenyakiribatikuwaitkyrgyzstanlaoslatvialebanonlesotholiberialibyaliechtensteinlithuanialuxembourgmacaumacedoniamadagascarmalawimalaysiamaldivesmalimaltamarshall islandsmartiniquemauritaniamauritiusmayottemetropolitan francemexicomicronesiamoldovamonacomongoliamontenegromontserratmoroccomozambiquemyanmarnamibianaurunepalnetherlandsnetherlands antillesnew caledonianew zealandnicaraguanigernigerianiuenorfolk islandnorth koreanorthern mariana islandsnorwayomanpakistanpalaupalestinian territorypanamapapua new guineaparaguayperuphilippinespitcairnpolandportugalpuerto ricoqatarreunionromaniarussiarwandasaint barthélemysaint helenasaint kitts and nevissaint luciasaint martinsaint pierre and miquelonsaint vincent and the grenadinessamoasan marinosao tome and principesaudi arabiasenegalserbiaserbia and montenegroseychellessierra leonesingaporeslovakiasloveniasolomon islandssomaliasouth africasouth georgia and the south sandwich islandssouth koreaspainsri lankasudansurinamesvalbard and jan mayenswazilandswedenswitzerlandsyriataiwantajikistantanzaniathailandtogotokelautongatrinidad and tobagotunisiaturkeyturkmenistanturks and caicos islandstuvaluu.s. virgin islandsugandaukraineunited arab emiratesunited kingdomunited statesunited states minor outlying islandsuruguayuzbekistanvanuatuvaticanvenezuelavietnamwallis and futunawestern saharayemenzambiazimbabwe zip: * telephone: * fax: return shipping: * by self case or ticket #: submit rma search rma code : or email: go>> status definitions: new rma – the rma has just been created and needs to be changed to the appropriate status in order to proceed with the rma process. a zmodo agent will update the status within the next business day. waiting for return – we have not received your return. tech ticket – a zmodo agent has determined that additional phone troubleshooting may be necessary before any items are approved for return to the manufacturer. waiting shipment – some or all items regarding the rma are approved to be shipped out to the client. items will be shipped within the next business day. rtag required – a zmodo agent has requested that a pre-paid shipping label be emailed to the client so that the client will not need to pay for any return shipping. a rma agent will either approve or deny this request based on eligibility. if the pre-paid shipping label is approved.the client will receive an email with a pre-paid shipping label attached. cross-authorization – a zmodo agent has approved a preemptive replacement by placing a hold authorization on the client’s credit card for the value of items being exchanged. the replacement item(s) will be shipped within the next business day. rma received – we have received your return. rma-testing – the rma technicians have begun testing on the returned item(s). the rma status will update after testing is finished. rma-tested – the rma technicians have completed all necessary testing for the returned item(s), and are continuing to process the rma accordingly. the rma will be updated further within the next business day. wait-more information needed– this status implies that the rma department requires additional information from the client in order to proceed with the rma. zmodo customer support will utilize this status after a notification message has been sent to the client indicating that additional information is needed in order to proceed with the rma. wait compete-define results – we have received all the necessary information and will begin processing - product testing completed and repaired waiting shipment repaired – we have tested the item(s) and repaired the item(s). need more action – we are waiting for information from customer,please email support@zmodo.com and include your rma number for further information. pending refund – all items returned for refund have been checked in and tested, the rma has been passed to the refund operator to determine refund eligibility and calculate the refund amount. approved refund – all items returned for refund have been approved for refund, and the refund operator will calculate the exact refund amount and issue the refund within the next business day. refunded – the refund operator has issued the refund, and the client should have received an email stating the exact refund amount. the may take up to 4 business days to be posted in the client’s bank statement. packing – the item is being prepared for shipping. picking-line* - the items to be shipped to the client are being packaged, and the line number describes which section in the warehouse is the package being prepared for shipment. shipped – the item was shipped from our warehouse zmodo limited warranty for products purchased after march 1, 2015. for zmodo branded products only what is covered by this warranty? zmodo warrants the zmodo-branded hardware product and accessories contained in the original packaging ("zmodo product") against defects in materials and workmanship when used in accordance with zmodo's user manuals, technical specifications and other zmodo product published guidelines for a period of three (3) years for all zmodo products (except for analog products, which are two (2) years) from the date of original retail purchase by the end-user purchaser ("warranty period"). you will be able to receive the remedies available under the zmodo limited warranty for your zmodo product via local zmodo service facilities in most parts of the world (please refer to the section "how to obtain warranty services"). in the event of any defect in materials and workmanship, you will be able to direct your claims to zmodo even in situations where you purchased the zmodo product from a third party. please refer to the licensing agreement accompanying the software for details of your rights concerning the use of the software. if you do not find a licensing agreement, please refer to zmodo official website. please note: all claims made under the zmodo limited warranty will be governed by the terms set out in this warranty document. currently, zmodo provides you with lifetime access to telephone technical support. what is not covered by this warranty? zmodo-branded products or accessories purchased from unauthorized channels will not be covered under this warranty. unauthorized channels are sellers, resellers, distributors and/or other channels that (a) violate zmodo's minimum advertised price or manufacturer suggested retail price; or (b) breach the resale restrictions as provided in zmodo's terms and conditions of sales. zmodo does not warrant that the operation of the product will be uninterrupted or error-free. zmodo is not responsible for damage arising from failure to follow instructions relating to the product's use. all warranties, conditions and other terms not set out in this warranty document are excluded from the zmodo limited warranty. when contacting zmodo via telephone, call charges may apply depending on your location. please contact your network operator for details. this warranty does not apply to any non-zmodo branded hardware products or any software, even if packaged or sold with zmodo hardware. non-zmodo branded products may have the benefit of a manufacturer's warranty, which provides benefits in addition to consumer law rights - please check your product box and literature for details. this warranty does not apply: (a) to consumable parts, such as batteries or protective coatings that are designed to diminish over time, unless failure has occurred due to a defect in materials or workmanship; (b) to cosmetic damage, including but not limited to scratches, dents and broken plastic on ports; (c) to damage caused by use with another product; (d) to damage caused by accident, abuse, misuse, liquid contact, fire, earthquake or other external cause; (e) to damage caused by operating the zmodo product outside the user manual, the technical specifications or other zmodo product published guidelines; (f) to damage caused by service (including upgrades and expansions) performed by anyone who is not a representative of zmodo; (g) to a zmodo product that has been modified to alter functionality or capability without the written permission of zmodo; (h) to defects caused by normal wear and tear or otherwise due to the normal aging of the zmodo product; or (i) if any serial number has been removed or defaced from the zmodo product, or (j) if the product is stolen or zmodo reasonably believes that the product is stolen based on information provided by law enforcement authorities. zmodo does not warrant, represent or undertake that it will be able to repair or replace any zmodo product under this warranty without risk to and / or loss of information and / or data stored on the zmodo product. this warranty does not include non-zmodo installed components. this limited warranty does not cover any damage to the product that results from abnormal mechanical or environmental conditions, abuse, accident, improper installation, misuse, insufficient or excessive electrical supply, natural disaster, or any unauthorized disassembly, repair, or modification. this limited warranty also does not apply to any product on which the original product label and or upc information has been altered, obliterated or removed, has not been handled or packaged correctly, has been sold as second-hand, or has been resold contrary to us export regulations. this limited warranty covers only replacements for defective zmodo products, as described above. zmodo does not cover under warranty and is not liable for any loss of data or any costs associated with diagnosing the source of system problems or installing, removing or servicing zmodo products. this warranty excludes 3rd party software, connected equipment or stored data. in the event of a claim, zmodo's sole obligation shall be to replace our product with its equivalent or the best possible substitute. under no circumstances shall zmodo be liable in any way to the user for damages, including any lost profits, lost savings or other incidental or consequential damages arising out of the use of, or inability to use the zmodo products. zmodo reserves the right to revise or update its products, software, or documentation in keeping with technological advances without obligation to notify any individual or entity. except as provided in this warranty and to the extent permitted by law, zmodo is not responsible for direct, special, incidental or consequential damages resulting from any breach of warranty or condition, or under any other legal theory, including but not limited to loss of use; loss of revenue; loss of actual or anticipated profits (including loss of profits on contracts); loss of the use of money; loss of anticipated savings; loss of business; loss of opportunity; loss of goodwill; loss of reputation; loss of, damage to or corruption of data; or any indirect or consequential loss or damage howsoever caused including the replacement of equipment and property, any costs of recovering, programming, or reproducing any program or data stored or used with zmodo products and any failure to maintain the confidentiality of data stored on the product. the foregoing limitation shall not apply to death or personal injury claims, or any statutory liability for intentional and gross negligent acts and/or omissions. some states do not allow the exclusion or limitation of incidental or consequential damages, so the above limitation may not apply to you. this warranty gives you specific legal rights, and you may also have other rights which vary from state to state. zmodo's responsibility for hardware defects is limited to repair or replacement service as determined by zmodo in its sole discretion. all express and implied warranties, including but not limited to any implied warranties and conditions of merchantability and fitness for a particular purpose, are limited in time to the term of this limited warranty. no warranties, whether express or implied, will apply after the expiration of the limited warranty period. some states do not allow limitations on how long an implied warranty lasts, so this limitation may not apply to you. your responsibilities if your zmodo product is capable of storing software programs, data, and other information, you should make periodic backup copies of the information contained on your zmodo product’s storage media to protect the contents and as a precaution against possible operational failures. before submitting your zmodo product for warranty service, you should make a separate backup copy of the contents of its storage media, remove all personal information and disable all security passwords. the contents of your zmodo product's storage media may be erased, replaced and / or reformatted in the course of service. following warranty service, your zmodo product or a replacement product will be returned to you as your zmodo product was configured when originally sold, subject to applicable updates. zmodo may install system software updates as part of warranty service that will prevent the zmodo product from reverting to an earlier version of the system software. third party applications installed on the zmodo product may not be compatible or work with the zmodo product as a result of the system software update. you will be responsible for reinstalling all other software programs, data, and information. recovery and reinstallation of other software programs, data and information are not covered under this warranty. you may seek service in a country that is not the country of purchase, in such a case you will comply with all applicable import and export laws and regulations and be responsible for all customs duties, v.a.t. and other associated taxes and charges. important: do not open the zmodo product unless the user manual describes how it is designed for opening. opening the zmodo product may cause damage that is not covered by this warranty. what will zmodo do in the event of a warranty claim? if you submit a valid claim under this warranty, zmodo will, at its option: (i) repair the zmodo product using new or previously used parts that are equivalent to new in performance and reliability, or (ii) replace the zmodo product with a product that is at least functionally equivalent to the zmodo product and is formed from new and/or previously used parts that are equivalent to new in performance and reliability. a replacement part or product or a repaired zmodo product assumes the remaining warranty of the original zmodo product or ninety (90) days from the date of replacement or repair, whichever provides longer coverage for you. how to obtain warranty service? please access and review the online help and the packaging of your purchased products before seeking warranty service. to claim warranty, please visit http://www.zmodo.com/rma/ and follow the instructions. for non-us customers, zmodo’s international service locations may also provide service to you. general no zmodo reseller, agent, or employee is authorized to make any modification, extension, or addition to this warranty. if any term is held to be illegal or unenforceable, it shall be severed from this warranty, and the legality or enforceability of the remaining terms shall not be affected. this warranty is governed by and construed under the laws of united states of america. dear valued customer, in order to help you in a more efficient way, we would like to arrange the customer service that best matches you. if you purchased our product from an australia seller, please contact us at b2c-au@eptco.com; if you purchased our product from an european seller, please contact us at b2c-de@zmodo.com. thanks for your patience and understanding! products & services indoor cameras outdoor cameras video doorbells smart home cloud support support center support for cloud service zmodo network tester warranty & rma reviewer program payment © 2019 zmodo about us legal privacy policy press contact products & services indoor cameras outdoor cameras video doorbells smart home cloud support support center support for cloud service zmodo network tester warranty & rma reviewer program © 2019 zmodo about us  | legal | privacy policy | press | contact zmodo uses cookies and other similar technologies to improve your experience on our site, to measure site performance, and to display offers and ads. by continuing to use our site, or by clicking accept, you consent to the practices described in our privacy policy and terms of service. accept