来源URL: https://web.archive.org/web/20111231034345/http://www.musiciansfriend.com/mf/testimonials.jsp
================================================================================

musician's friend - testimonials log in email updates gift certificates my lists track order feedback my cart ( ) musician's friends best selection, price & service. guaranteed. need help? call our product specialists 800-449-9128 search shop deal center used gear videos resources private reserve guitars amps/effects bass drums keyboards live sound recording dj/lighting band/orchestra books/videos accessories home testimonials testimonials testimonials from our customers "i love this website. competitive prices, good selection, i have spent a lot of money here, and i know my musician friends do as well. i was going to hold out for a used rickenbacker bass on ebay, but the mf sale price of $1399 brought me back, and kept me off ebay. keep up the good work." --ivogel1 "thanks for your site: i am blind and your website is a true benchmark for all other sites. thanks so very much, musicians friend." --carl belnap - dayton, oregon "i am writing to thank you for your fast delivery and quality of products that you have sent me. i recently received my order and was very pleased with the product and speedy delivery. i hope to do business with you in the future." --thank you, dave hutchison "good job on having customer reviews. i've been holding back awhile on deciding which new synth to buy. i know which products i'll be ordering soon. seeing another individual comment's makes all the difference when you don't get a chance to see the product in person and have your own hands on to play with. i'm $1500 short of saving up for a new synthesizer, digital mixer and digital recorder, but going through the reviews has given me a little more confidence and self assurance if i'm buying the right product without wasting my time and having to cough up more money to get it return and pay a restocking fee." --smith "thanks for being a friend i've played all my life and i'm now 60 i love your evh wolfgang guitars maybe someday. that's #1 on my wish list, keep up your good work. your the best." --dave thomas "you folks (the web applications team) have done an awesome job on the "zoomable picture" functionality! i use it all the time to evaluate a purchase. great great job!!!!!" --randall "i just wanted to say that this is a phenomenal site. i am a blind web user and the site and information on it are wonderfully easily accessible to my screenreader, the articles and tech tips have given me the information that i have been looking for and has given me the knowledge to tune and care for my vintage set of rogers drums that i needed. i am an extreme novice in the drum world and had many questions,this website has answered all of them right down to the kind of cleaner i should use for my cymbals. thank you for the time you have put in to this site, it is appreciated." --chuck hoyle "i have been thoroughly enjoying being on your e-mailing list. and i just wanted to let you know how much i appreciate it. i'm sure you have some very hard workers putting a lot of time and effort into the information that gets sent out to me regularly. thanks again!" --j.l. duff "thank you for the quick reply. it's good to see that all of the mf staff are interested in good customer service. keep up the good work. thanks again" --mike "i wanted to let you know that i appreciate the way you laid out the site. it is unusual to see a site that is so easy to find what you are looking for and the shopping cart is so easy. it looks like whoever designed this site really knows how most people think, very intuitive." --ken farley "thanks for continuing to send the e-mail newsletter and catalogs! i've been lax and leary of opening e-mail for a while due to the prevalence of bugs and viruses floating about, just wanted to drop you a line to let you know that i, (45 year old drummer in a working rockband) and my son (14 year old budding guitarist/bassist) are still alive and rockin and appreciate what you are doing! we try to do our part to spread the word about your great service! my band's bassist bought a "hartke" amp from you, and it really pumps!" --fat roy "havoc" rock & roll band "i want to thank you for my gibson les paul classic. everyone loves it when we perform in our town. thanks to you our lives are changed because we got our equipment from you. we wouldn't sound so good if it wasn't for your outstanding prices on expensive stuff. our first cd is being crafted with guitars, pedals, drums, strings, sticks, and picks from your company. thanks musician's friend!" --lewis "just wanted to send along a little e-mail to tell you that i think your site is very nicely done. i placed an order last friday and went to the site to check on the status and found it had been shipped. because i was able to use your direct link to online package tracking via ups, i discovered that i (out of bad habit) put the wrong city name on my shipping address (a fact i overlooked when i got the order copy via e-mail). i've been able to contact ups to find out how to get it straightened out. if it hadn't been for your "soup-to-nuts" approach to online ordering, i'd have been searching for the package not knowing it was being misrouted due to my own mistake. thanks! keep up the good work! (especially for us airheads who can't correctly put our own address in the order!)" --margaret cronan "hello! i just want to say how happy i am with the *musician's friend news letter* i like the new letter for many reasons: the interesting facts about music at it's best, all of the connections to everything, *weekly specials,* in depth description of all products, helpful tips on cleaning & maintaining instruments, & my favorite of all *the lowest prices i've found anyware* thank you musician's friend! & god bless!" --nick clark: the one & only (drumnick) "musician's friend was the best thing that ever happened to me, once i needed a digitech processor for a show i had the next day, and it was great, i got the processor thanks to their overnight shipping, mail order works wonders for me... especially when it's from musician's friend" --lucas k. - lead guitarist/lead vocalist of the band thriven "...thank you for the info... i encourage him 100% when it come to his bass and music. being in bands and stuff like that was something that i wanted for my self when i was young and playing guitar. i still play as a hobby. i always tell people about musician's friend, your co. is in my opinion an excellent source for all musician's needs! thanks again!" --pghrocks "hey, i just want to tell you how much you guys rock! i've alot of stuff from you guys, an amp, two pedals, chords, strings, picks... everything... it's nice to know that someone out there cares about music so much that they're willing to give great deals on great music products... you guys rock..." --l. burdette "i really enjoyed your bass compression tips. a perfect combination of brief and informative. what a great bonus. great prices, satisfaction guaranteed, hot tips and a chance to win free gear! -too much. thanks musicians friend." --scott hoskins "thanks for the e-mail newsletter... i've been very pleased with the items that i have purchased and the service that i've received from your company. your prices are great. i read your catalogs cover to cover on the subway while traveling to work. keep the newsletters and catalogs coming!" --mreyka "all i can say is that i am so happy i ever found musician's friend! you guys are so great! you've made my life as a musician so much easier! thanks so much. please continue offering such high grade equipment at those low, low prices!" --brent "in all my years i been practice quitar music i never been so glad to be part of musician's friend because you guys are great, even in this small island, we say thank you. keep doing that for the plessure of our enthusiast friends." --julio terraforte "i just got your news article, and saw that you have the vs 1680 on sale right now- well, i'm just here to say that the price you have it at is more than reasonable, for the awesome power of the vs 1680! i purchased my own about 3 weeks ago, for $2,500 (that included one fx card), and i am totally amazed at what this all-in-one machine can do! it's gonna save me big bucks in the end, because of all the studio time i'm not going to be paying for. and if people wonder about the quality or professionalism of this all-in-one home unit, well, i've been recording for over 6 years, and the vs 1680 does everything i've ever been exposed to!" --jordan olsen "just wanted to drop a note and say how much i appreciate you! i play 3-4 gigs a week and play "upbeat acoustic" with a band and duo, i break about 2-3 strings a night at gigs and at $12.00 a package for martin marquis it adds up! last month, i got 30 sets of strings from you on sale at $2.99 a package. god i love you all! delivery was prompt, packaging was great, price was unbelievable!" --sunday driver ("upbeat original,contemporary and classic acoustic music") "this is my first tattoo and last. i never had anything or one i love as much as jammin with friends." --jerry gatlin "i know that you have about a million thank you's in your testimonials but i thought i would add another to tell you how great you are. i mean ive never found a music store that even gets close to meeting your prices! if i want something, i always know you have it, so i goto a music store check it out and see if i like it then hurry home and order it from here! man you guys(no-sexism) are great! keep it up!" --craig dickinson, mi "again, you folks come through! i hate to sound like a blurb from a catalog, but you folks are super. i just got my fender passport 150 and misc little stuff and even though it was back-ordered, you had it here faster than i expected! thanks again. the price was better than any other catalog, the service was great, and i love the product! have a great summer." --eric kay "i just received my order and i am very pleased. the process, price, and speed of delivery has made me a customer for life. thanks!" --roderick dubree "i'd just like to say thank you for being the music retailer of my, and my friends choice. we have both bought items for your selection and we were greatful for the great sevice." --logan cheney "just wanted to say thanks again for the high caliber of customer service and friendliness your company offers to its customers i am also thoroughly impressed with how knowledgeable your tech support staff is- keep up the good work." --dave flower, ceo, deep blue wonders music publishing (ascap) "i've been buying from you guys for 9 years nows, and i have yet to be disappointed.the tech support is great, and your catolog always keeps me up to date. if i lived next door to a music shop, i would still get my gear from you." --shawn gallagher, cordova md "just wanted to take a minute and tell you how great it was to place an order on-line. i don't think it could have been any easier. thanks for the great service!" --john koscelnick "i just want to thank everyone at musicians friend for being so good to the little guys in the biz trying to make it, your prices are the best and your service is unmatched. i have been a loyal customer since '90 when i bought my marshall rig from you guys. now my band is beginning to do really well, the money is coming in, and will be spent at the one great place for music musicians friend! maybe in the near future, you will see us on the cover of rolling stone wearing one of your t-shirts! i love ya guys, dont ever go out of business!" --wes brooks, red velvet couch "i'd like to take a moment of your time and commend you on your excellent site. it is lightning-fast, very friendly, and intuitive. and it just plain looks great. i myself am a webmaster, and believe me, i know how hard (and time consuming) it can be to do a site like this right! *all* shopping-cart pages should look to your site as a model. thank you for a most pleasurable online ordering experience." --dan druzbik "you guys kick ass! i've bought a fat strat and an amp and they kick ass! and the prices's were low! thank you very much!" --anonymous "dear musicians' friend i just want to say how much i admire you because i have a little garage band trying to get on their feet, and not a lot of money at all i bought a [guitar] at my local music store for 400 dollars before i heard about you from one of my friends, i was soooo mad i could have got the same guitar for about 230 dollars less than what i got it for. for chirstmas i 'm (well my parents) are ordering a marshall 30 wat amp and a zoom 505 multi effects pedal for me and yall make it soo much easier on the wallet than local music stores. thank you sooo much for being there for people like us." --justin, bobby, chip, eric (our band) "i have been dreaming through your catalogs for some time now and have placed quite a few orders... every time i have a question your knowledgeable, friendly, and professional staff have always made me feel at ease. thanks for everything" --kelly j. sallaz "first of all i want to thank you for the great catalogs, and the super customer service. next i want to tell you how pleased i am with my surprise christmas gift. my wife, marilyn, saw how much i was wanting the rogue viola bass,(vb100), the one that is just like paul mccartney's. i have played guitar for over 35 years, and never had my own bass. i started playing bass just recently and love it, so i have been talking abouut this bass guitar for weeks. on christmas morning, my wife said, oops i forgot 1 package, then ran to vring it in. it was the bass. i was flabergasted. i opened the box, and there was the hard shell case with the guitar in it. i played it all day. i love it! it was all set up, and there was a little check list. i was very impressed. you don't get that kind of service at a music store when you are there in person. my wife told me that when she was ordering it, the lady was not only very helpful, but a real pleasure to talk to. again, your service is outstanding. i cannot tell you how please we are with the guitar, but also with the service that you provide. you make ordering a breeze! every order i have made with you has been the same. thank you for your service, support and fine products. merry christmas and happy new year. p.s. i am going to tell all my musician friends about you, and have copies of your catalog to them . keep up the great work!" --john e. commins, north jacksonville, fl "i have been receiving your catalog for a couple of years and i wanted to say that y'all are doing a great job over there. every time i think that it can't get any better, it does. you manage to keep a wide variety of great products as well as add new ones each time! thank you for supplying us with the best." --another guitar player, josh reagan "the other day i ran accross a catalog/book from about 1976 which is a catalog from your early years... you are certainly adaptive . i am now a musicion with a cd out thanks in part to the reading and influence of that catalog. thanks." --jim piel "your web site is awesome! it's so nice to be able to hear how something sounds before ordering it. my decision to get the zoom 505 pedal was finalized after checking out the demo." --tom "...first let me say the web site is fantastic. i've been looking for a processor for about a year now. i really found the wave files for the zoom 506 helpful." --steve steele "i just received my rogue rp150 the day before yesterday. to be honest, i didn't get my hopes up too high when i ordered it... as a certified luthier and a former employee of hamer guitars (i was their cnc coordinator/specialist and woodshop final inspector from 92 - 96) i saw some of the best instruments this world has ever been graced with. so you can understand my skepticism. i've never ordered a guitar through the mail and i wasn't sure what i'd receive, but the catalog pics really grabbed my eye. i was almost planning on returning it as soon as i opened the box. boy was i surprised! the guitar is beautiful! with the exception of some minor finish flaws, the obvious cost cutting steps of not completely polishing the frets and the inexpensive electronic components, this guitar is a true winner. it makes me wonder if i should have stepped up my order to one of the more expensive models. it played great out of the box and sounded fantastic plugged in. this guitar is bang for the buck exemplified. i know you have yourselves a winner." --patrick barela, el paso, texas "thanks for the july newsletter via e-mail, lots of good stuff to check out! i usually use your web site to keep up with items that i'm looking for." --luba "hi my name is justin cesler and i love you guy's i order a jackson/charvel ke 1 i love it! i also got a electronic tuner ( the one that turn's automaticly) it is awsome keep up the good work!" --justin cesler "i wanted to let you know that i love musician's friend. all my grubby pals keep taking my catalog though." --m.a. correz "i just wanted to let you people know that you're catalog is great, the prices are great, and the service is great. i've enjoyed ordering items from you and will continue to do so in the future. i'm in a band from athens, ga. called 40 acres. we have put a link to you guys on our webpage, just because were cool." --eric siegel "ordered a martin backpacker guitar about 2 weeks ago and received the item within 4 days of placing the order. once again, it is a pleasure to do business with you. your courteous operators, high quality merchandise selection and prompt service and delivery are greatly appreciated! thank you." --l.j. da corsi prosser, wa "just wanted to say how much i appreciate the web page; thank you very much for the waves and the great info - i definitely will be shopping with musician's friend. thanks again!" --jonah "i agonized over my decision to buy a guitar through the mail. in fact, as i was placing the order, i still couldn't believe i was going through with it. however, my epiphone sheraton ii showed up at my door in record time, well-prepped and looking terrific. kudos to musician's friend for achieving the 3 r's (the right product at the right time and the right price) and to epiphone for developing a truly fine instrument at a price that won't lead to a divorce!" --steve isaacson, eau claire, wisconsin "greetings from cincinnati! about an hour ago i received my epiphone sheraton ii. i expected to get a 'blem' since that is what i ordered this past saturday(8/16). it turns out the blem sheraton was gone, so you folks sold me a 'regular' at the blem price. all i wanted to say was thank you so much! you have a friend in cincinnati. thanks again!" --jeff cutright "just made my way to your website and figured i'd take the time to write to say thanks, i havent ordered anything in a while and i still recive your great catalouges i stare at them till i burn out my retinas! just wanted to say thanks for "the best prices", "great service", and presenting nothing but quality goods! i ordered some select humbuckers a year or two ago and they were here in a matter of days and in perfect shape! maybe next time i'll get that marshall i've been drooling over! thanks alot." --joby purucker shop by department concert percussion folk & traditional instruments brass instruments lifestyle drums & percussion bass pro audio books, videos & music keyboards & midi marching band guitars woodwinds classroom & kids orchestral strings accessories {"prop3":"[mf] testimonials","prop1":"[mf] testimonials","prop4":"[mf] testimonials","prop6":"[mf] testimonials","pagename":"[mf] testimonials","linkinternalfilters":"javascript:,musiciansfriend.com","prop2":"[mf] testimonials","reportsuiteids":"musiciansfriendprod,gciglobalprod","prop5":"[mf] testimonials","channel":"[mf] testimonials","prop7":"[mf] about"} about about musiciansfriend.com virtual catalog ¡bienvenidos! employment international customers affiliate program charitable giving services harmony central trade-in cash out gold coverage platinum membership sweepstakes gift certificates all partners & services help & contact contact us e-mail preferences help center pay your bill track your order site map shop by brand request a catalog catalog quick order trust low price guarantee testimonials your privacy rights return policy terms & conditions terms of use musiciansfriend.com email alerts sign up for tech tips, reviews and lowest deals from musician's friend. e-mail address staying connected stupid deal of the day become a fan on facebook follow us on twitter sign up for our free catalog stupid deal iphone app youtube channel entire contents copyright © 2012 musician's friend inc. musician's friend is a registered trademark of musician's friend inc. all rights reserved. publisher does not accept liability for incorrect spelling, printing errors (including prices), incorrect manufacturer's specifications or changes, or grammatical inaccuracies in any product included in the musician's friend catalog or website. prices subject to change without notice. electric guitar acoustic-electric guitars acoustic guitars classical/nylon-string guitars folk/traditional instruments guitar amplifiers & effects guitar accessories guitar value packages harmonicas combo amps guitar amplifiers guitar effects pedals guitar multi-effects guitar effects electric bass guitars acoustic bass guitars upright bass bass effects bass amplifiers bass value packages bass guitar accessories cymbals acoustic drums electronic drums world percussion concert percussion marching percussion drum accessories drum hardware pedals portables & arrangers digital pianos synthesizers workstations organs midi packages keyboard accessories production & groove harmonicas audio mixers microphones headphones live sound power amps pa system packages live sound wireless systems audio signal processing pa cabinets stage monitors stage subwoofers stage accessories audio interfaces audio mixers software microphones headphones studio monitors signal processing recording packages computer & peripherals portable & field recorders multitrack recorders cd,mp3, & media players turntables dj mixers dj software dj controllers dj packages dj headphones lighting/stage effects karaoke marching band brass instruments brass accessories woodwind instruments woodwind accessories orchestral strings concert percussion marching percussion classroom & kids learn to play learn pro audio tablature sheet music reference classroom/kids music recordings picks tuners strings stands/racks cables/adapters cases/gig bags care & cleaning stage accessories studio & classroom accessories straps & strap locks microphone accessories guitar/bass accessories keyboard accessories drum/percussion accessories hats clothing footwear collectibles jewelry/watches home furnishings personal & home entertainment harmonicas you have no items in your cart. 0 sign up for email alerts. receive exclusive offers, updates and more from musician's friend. enter email address login for personalized recommendations. email address: password: forgot password? don't have a musician's friend account? sign up now log in to view your lists email address: password: find a list { "sitename" : "/mf", "contextpath" : "", "unicaenv" : "site-prod", "staticcontenturl" : "http://static.musiciansfriend.com", "staticversion" : "1.19.0m", "versionparam" : "?vid=1.19.0m", "customerservice" : "800-449-9128", "profileid" : "297857172" }