来源URL: https://web.archive.org/web/20231228103920/https://www.musiciansfriend.com/pages/purchase-terms
================================================================================

purchase terms | musician's friend { "sitename" : "/mf", "mobileappsrccode" : "", "segmentcookie" : "", "mobileappitunesbanner" : "true", "enableclarip": true, "claripconsentjsurl": "https://cdn.clarip.com/gci/clarip_consent.js", "claripdomain": "https://gci.clarip.com/", "sourcecodeid" : "61001562", "sourcename" : "directsourcecode2", "sourcesegment" : "direct", "profilezipcode" : "", "jsonldenabled" : "true", "profilestoreid" : "", "onlineonlylessons" : "", "defaultlessonsstoreid" : "", "profilestorename" : "", "contextpath" : "", "imageresizeenabled" : "false", "unicaenv" : "site-devint", "staticcontenturl" : "https://static.musiciansfriend.com", "stylestaticcontenturl" : "https://static.musiciansfriend.com", "catalogassetstaticcontenturl" : "https://static.musiciansfriend.com", "scene7staticcontenturl" : "https://media.musiciansfriend.com/is/image/", "scene7basepath" : "mmgs7/", "staticversion" : "2023.10.30.mf.ma.b&cb=4", "versionparam" : "?vid=2023.10.30.mf.ma.b&cb=4", "customerservice" : "800-449-9128", "profileid" : "10242035671", "contentkey": "", "isinternational": "false", "iswarrantyshippable": "true", "isinternationalcommerceenabled": "true", "currencysymbol": "$", "profilecountrycode": "us", "profilecurrencycode": "usd", "audioeyeenabled" : "true", "applepayenabled":"false", "olonexitnumber": "0", "livechat" : "false", "cookieloggedin" : false, "richrelevancemode":"render", "richrelevanceapikey":"46baeda9936d6a41", "richrelevanceuserid":"", "richrelevancesessionid":"12889b16215a28b7c4396c1963e5e093", "rrbaseurl":"//recs.richrelevance.com/rrserver/", "rrchannelid":"-", "hasheduseridforcriteo":"", "rrtimeout":"10000", "iseducatoraccount": "false", "sessionisdc": "false", "fullyloggedin" : false, "welcomemat" : "false", "powerreviewsurl" : "//static.musiciansfriend.com/", "devicetype" : "d", "prodenvenabled" : false, "ismobile":"false", "rrloadatgrecs":"false", "janrainappdomain":"https://login.musiciansfriend.com", "janrainappid":"fpcfgdnipomgblmndfod", "janrainappname":"login.musiciansfriend.com", "endecacookiesortenabled":"false", "enableinstoreonlyaddtocart":"false", "jsessionid":"", "ishum" : "false", "showeloyalty": "true" , "loyaltyname":"rewards", "showloyalty":"true", "loyaltyuser":"", "loyaltypoints":"", "showcheckoutloyalty":"true" , "fortivacardname":"choice card" } { "pagedata": {"urls":{"powerreviewsurl":"//static.musiciansfriend.com/","catalogassetstaticcontenturl":"static.musiciansfriend.com","staticcontenturl":"static.musiciansfriend.com"},"site":{"devicetype":"d","isaudioeyeenabled":true,"contentkey":"","endecacookiesortenabled":false,"prodenvenabled":false,"sitename":"mf","isinternationalcommerceenabled":true,"ishum":false,"claripdomain":"https://gci.clarip.com/","enableclarip":true,"imageresizeenabled":false,"claripconsentjsurl":"https://cdn.clarip.com/gci/clarip_consent.js","applepayenabled":"","jsonldenabled":"","staticversion":"2023.10.30.mf.ma.b&cb=4","fortivacardname":"choice card","welcomemat":true,"unicaenv":"site-devint","versionparam":"?vid=2023.10.30.mf.ma.b&cb=4","istypeaheadenabled":true,"isrichrelevanceenabled":true,"audioeyeenabled":true,"eloyaltyenabled":""},"product":{},"scene7":{"scene7basepath":"mmgs7/","scene7staticcontenturl":"media.musiciansfriend.com/is/image/"},"janrain":{"appdomain":"https://login.musiciansfriend.com","appname":"login.musiciansfriend.com","appid":"fpcfgdnipomgblmndfod"},"mobileapp":{"srccode":"","itunesbanner":true},"richrelevance":{"mode":"render","loadatgrecs":false,"baseurl":"//recs.richrelevance.com/rrserver/","apikey":"46baeda9936d6a41","channelid":"-","timeout":"10000"}} } true true why shop with us? free shipping free standard ground shipping (48 contiguous states, some overweight and used/vintage items excluded). orders placed before 3 p.m. et usually ship the same business day. learn more 2-year free warranty on guitars every guitar or bass you purchase from musician's friend (electric or acoustic, new or open box) includes two years of protection from manufacturer defects. contact us for details we're here for you our gear advisers are available to guide you through your entire shopping experience. call or chat for expert advice and to hear the latest deals. contact us contact us call now 800-449-9128 hablamos español 866.226.2919 let's chat live chat hours: mon - fri 5 am - 8 pm pt sat 6 am - 6 pm pt sun(christmas eve) 6 am - 4pm pt christmas day: closed track your order returns faqs make a card payment 800-449-9128 empty cart icon your cart is empty have an account? sign in to see your saved items. sign in < continue shopping { "sourcecodeid" : "61001562", "sourcename" : "directsourcecode2", "sourcesegment" : "direct", "profilezipcode" : "", "profilestoreid" : "", "profilestorename" : "", "profileid" : "10242035671", "isinternational": "false", "iswarrantyshippable": "true", "isinternationalcommerceenabled": "true", "currencysymbol": "$", "cookieloggedin" : false, "richrelevancemode":"render", "richrelevanceapikey":"46baeda9936d6a41", "richrelevanceuserid":"", "richrelevancesessionid":"12889b16215a28b7c4396c1963e5e093", "rrbaseurl":"//recs.richrelevance.com/rrserver/", "rrchannelid":"-", "rrmobilechannelid":"c6e0f249ecc40744", "hasheduseridforcriteo":"", "rrtimeout":"10000", "iseducatoraccount": "false", "sessionisdc": "false", "fullyloggedin" : false, "ismobile":"false", "isprop65user":"", "jsessionid":"", "enabletwodayshipmessage":"true", "enableaskuserlocation":"true", "showeloyalty": "true", "loyaltyname":"rewards", "showloyalty":"true", "loyaltyuser":"", "loyaltypoints":"", "showcheckoutloyalty":"true", "callcenternumber" : "800-449-9128", "livechat" : "false", "donotsell":"" } why shop with us? last-minute holiday sale - grab these deals before it's too late! call 888‑688‑0208 or chat for the best last-minute deals rewardsbloghelp search contact us 800-449-9128 sign in back sign in new customer? create an account cart sign in back sign in new customer? create an account back shop by category guitars guitarsview all electric solid body hollow & semi-hollow body left handed extended range acoustic 6-string 12-string acoustic electric classical & nylon left handed amps & effects amps effects pedals preamps accessories strings pickups cases straps picks ukuleles popular brands fender gibson taylor martin ibanez epiphone prs gretsch guitars popular models fender stratocaster fender telecaster gibson les paul gibson sg ibanez rg taylor american dream taylor gs mini martin gpc deals new arrivals buying guides private reserve view all guitars basses view all electric 4-string 5-string 6-string fretless left-handed acoustic 4-string 5-string left-handed double basses amps & effects amps effects pedals preamps accessories strings cases straps pickups parts popular brands ibanez fender squier ernie ball music man sterling by music man rickenbacker sire schecter guitar research popular models fender precision bass fender jazz bass fender mustang ibanez sr schecter stiletto yamaha trbx yamaha bb strandberg boden deals new arrivals buying guides private reserve view all basses amps & effects view all guitar amps combos heads cabinets bass amps footswitches amp parts power supplies effects guitar pedals bass pedals boutique pedals multi-effects pedals multi-effects processors pedalboards pedal accessories popular amp brands fender marshall orange amplifiers markbass boss blackstar kemper vox popular effects brands line 6 electro-harmonix mxr meris dunlop earthquaker devices ibanez tc electronic deals new arrivals buying guides view all amps & effects drums view all acoustic sets & shell packs cymbals snare drums mounted toms bass drums accessories drum heads drum sticks cases & gig bags mutes & dampers drum amps electronic sets cymbals modules drum machines hardware & parts stands & racks pedals thrones clamps, mounts & holders parts world percussion popular brands alesis roland zildjian dw simmons meinl pdp by dw remo tama pearl vic firth sound percussion labs evans sabian lp yamaha deals new arrivals buying guides view all drums keys & midi view all digital pianos home stage accessories & parts stands & racks cases benches & stools keyboard amps keyboards portable arranger workstations packages synths & sound modules midi controllers midi interfaces production & groove popular brands yamaha roland korg williams akai professional casio nord moog popular models williams legato yamaha clavinova yamaha p-45 digital piano roland rd-88 moog matriarch korg minilogue akai mpc one arturia keystep pro deals new arrivals buying guides view all keys & midi live sound view all speakers pa speakers pa systems subwoofers monitors power amps lighting & stage effects color & wash lights par cans intelligent lighting fog machines packs mixers unpowered powered microphones signal processors cables & snakes power & batteries stands & racks test equipment speaker parts popular brands qsc harbinger bose jbl electro-voice behringer yamaha mackie popular models jbl eon bose l1 pro qsc k series yamaha mixers electro-voice evolve harbinger vari deals new arrivals buying guides view all live sound recording view all audio interfaces monitors recording packages audio recorders microphones mixers signal processors headphones related gear studio furniture computers & peripherals software ios gear video gear popular brands focusrite universal audio studio rta yamaha presonus tascam krk rode popular models focusrite scarlett universal audio apollo studio rta producer station yamaha hs8 presonus audiobox usb 96k tascam dp-24sd portastudio krk rokit 5 g4 rode rodecaster deals new arrivals buying guides view all recording microphones view all microphones condenser dynamic usb ribbon tube drum wireless systems handheld headset in-ear instrument lavalier accessories stands cables clips & clamps widescreens & grilles pop filters popular brands shure sennheiser akg neumann rode sterling audio audio-technica warm audio popular models shure sm58 shure sm57 shure sm7b rode nt1-a bundle neumann u87 warm audio wa-87r2 slate digital vms ml-1 akg 414 deals new arrivals buying guides view all microphones accessories view all cables & snakes instrument mic speaker cases & gig bags guitar bass amp strings guitar bass stands & racks tuners & metronomes care & cleaning tools popular brands musician's gear fender d'addario ernie ball elixir road runner gator proline remo livewire on-stage hercules mogami dunlop perri's snark deals new arrivals buying guides view all accessories more view all dj gear headphones speakers record players vinyl folk instruments band & orchestra classroom & kids sheet music clothing & collectibles deals new arrivals buying guides view all hot deals hot deals hot & trending used gear open box clearance up to 40% off save with code festive holiday financing private reserve guitars help | call or chat track your orderreturnsfaqsmake a card paymentwhy shop with us? rewardsbloghelp home purchase terms purchase terms purchase terms https://static.musiciansfriend.com/static/mf/2018/page-bcc/policies/policies-menu-v3.js policies last revised: july 24, 2018 musician’s friend purchase terms please read these musician’s friend purchase terms ("purchase terms") carefully as they contain important information about your rights and obligations, as well as limitations and exclusions. the musician’s friend dispute resolution policy, which requires the use of arbitration on an individual basis to resolve disputes rather than jury trials or class actions; the musician’s friend privacy policy; the musician’s friend return policy; and the musician’s friend shipping, taxes and title policy. by making any purchase, you are agreeing to these purchase terms. entire agreement in these purchase terms, the terms "musician’s friend," "we," "our," and "us" refer to musician’s friend, inc. other than as specifically provided in any separate written purchase agreement between you and musician’s friend, these purchase terms apply to all of your musician’s friend purchases, including, but not limited to, those made in-store, from the website at www.musiciansfriend.com, our mobile application (the "app"), and any other website or mobile application owned or operated by musician’s friend, inc. which direct the user to these purchase terms. collectively, we refer to www.musiciansfriend.com, the app and any other website or mobile application owned or operated by musician’s friend which refers its users to these purchase terms as the "site." these purchase terms may not be altered, supplemented or amended by you through the use of any other document(s). any attempt to alter, supplement or amend these purchase terms or to enter an order for product(s), which is subject to additional or altered terms and conditions, will be null and void, unless otherwise agreed to in a written agreement signed by both you and musician’s friend. order acceptance all orders, including, online orders, telephone orders and preorders for limited availability products are not binding upon musician’s friend until we accept them. unless otherwise agreed by musician’s friend, payment must be processed by musician’s friend prior to an order being accepted. musician’s friend will communicate its acceptance of an order by acknowledging your order by reply email then processing your payment and shipping the item(s) ordered to you or by processing your payment in-store and providing the item(s) ordered to you. we reserve the right to refuse to provide products or services to anyone. pricing because prices, product descriptions and availability can change quickly, musician’s friend does not warrant the accuracy or completeness of the information provided on the site, or in written materials and is not responsible for pricing, typographical or other errors. if a product you purchase does not match the description on the site, as your sole and exclusive remedy you may return the product, unused, to musician’s friend and receive a refund of your purchase price. items in your shopping cart will reflect the most recent price displayed on each item's product detail page. prices are frequently updated to adjust for different sales, limited pricing, and other discounting. therefore, prices on the product detail page and in your cart may change after such updates to reflect the current prices. placing items in your cart does not reserve the current prices shown at that time. prices are reserved only by placing an order. in the event of a pricing error, musician’s friend will do one of the following: (1) if an item's correct price is lower than our stated price, we will charge the lower amount and ship you the item; or (2) if an item's correct price is higher than our stated price, we will, at our discretion, either contact you for instructions before shipping or cancel your order and notify you of such cancellation. we apologize for any inconvenience. if you are not satisfied with your purchase due to any errors or inaccuracies, you may return your purchase in accordance with our return policy. discounts are limited-time offers and are not valid with other offers. the site or other written material may from time to time identify a list price or msrp for a product. list price or msrp is the suggested retail selling price of a product provided to us by the manufacturer. we may commonly sell products at prices lower than list price/msrp, and, for any given product, no sales may have occurred at list price/msrp. whether other retailers sell at list price/msrp will vary by product, geographic location, type of store and over time. to the extent we reference list price/msrp, we try to update the list prices/msrps in our printed materials and on our site as we receive them. however, in some cases, the manufacturer may change a list price/msrp without notice to us. please contact the manufacturer of a specific product for the most up-to-date list price/msrp information. list price/msrp also may be quoted for house or private label brands and such references are developed internally taking into consideration comparable name brand products. we may commonly sell such products at prices lower than list price/msrp, and, for any given product, no sales may have occurred at list price/msrp. although our limited time events are intended to be limited time events, our low prices offered during these events may continue in effect after the event. values associated with items labeled "free with purchase" are based upon regular selling price. payment terms–orders orders through the site may be paid for using the following methods: visa, mastercard, american express, discover and musician’s friend platinum card, musician’s friend gift cards, and paypal. paypal credit is also available via web orders only. in addition to using the musician’s friend shopping cart feature for orders through the site, orders can also be placed by calling musician’s friend at 800-449-9128 800-449-9128. for phone or mail orders, you may also pay with money orders, cashier’s checks, and personal checks by using the mail order form. all online or phone non-credit card orders are subject to a 10-business-day hold. musician’s friend platinum card musician’s friend will from time-to-time offer certain promotional purchase offers for select brands when purchasing with a musician’s friend platinum card. when your promotional offer purchase is charged to your musician’s friend platinum card, no interest is assessed on your promotional purchase balance if you pay the promotional purchase balance in full by the end of your promotional period. if you do not, periodic finance charges will be assessed on the promotional purchase balance from the date of purchase. minimum monthly payments, equal to the initial promotional purchase amount divided by the number of months in the promotional purchase period until the promotional price is paid in full, will be required on your promotional purchase balance during and after the promotional period. the equal monthly payment will be rounded to the next highest whole dollar and may be higher than the minimum payment that would be required if the purchase was a non-promotional purchase. regular account terms apply to non-promotional purchases. if minimum monthly payments on any balances on your account are not paid when due, all special promotional terms may be terminated. standard account terms apply to non-promotional purchases and, after the promotion ends, to your promotional purchases. for more information on the terms and conditions governing your use of your musician’s friend platinum card, refer to your platinum card disclosure. limited availability products musician’s friend regularly offers vintage, special limited edition and other limited quantity products to the public, some of which may be identified as hot buys or closeouts. because the supply of these products is extremely limited and customer demand often greatly exceeds the supply, we offer these products for sale strictly on a "first come first served" basis. the placement of a preorder and the prepayment of a deposit or the placement of credit on account is not a purchase and does not guarantee that you will receive the product; it merely establishes that you have been placed on the waiting list of potential purchasers of that product. we make good faith efforts to list potential purchasers and to fulfill the preorders in the order in which they were placed and we received any required prepayment of a deposit or credit on account, until all of the product(s) we decide to sell, in our sole discretion, have been sold. if you have placed a preorder and prepaid a deposit or placed credit on account for of one of these products and we are not able to fulfill your preorder because of limited availability, we will promptly refund any deposit or credit on account. see our best price guarantee on price match limitations for limited availability products. limited warranty all new products are sold with the manufacturer's limited warranty. the warranty period and service varies by manufacturer and product. the full text of any such warranty is available, free of charge, upon written request addressed to: musician’s friend, inc., attn: warranty request, po box 7479, westlake village, ca 91359. musician’s friend provides no automatic separate warranty and to the maximum extent permitted by applicable law, musician’s friend expressly disclaims all warranties and conditions regarding any products sold to you, whether express, implied or statutory and including but not limited to all warranties of merchantability, fitness for a particular purpose, title and non-infringement of third party rights. you may purchase additional warranty coverage if you pay for the musician’s friend gold coverage. limitation of liability and notice to new jersey residents musician’s friend does not accept liability beyond the remedies set forth herein, including any liability for products not being available for use, or for lost or corrupted data or software, or for failing to provide services and/or support. musician’s friend will not be liable for lost profits, loss of business or other consequential, special, indirect, or statutory damages, even if it is advised of the possibility of such damages. you agree that for any liability related to the purchase of products or services bundled with the products, whether for breach of contract, warranty, negligence, strict liability in tort or otherwise, musician’s friend shall not be liable or responsible for any amount of damages above the aggregate dollar amount paid by you for the purchase of products or services under these purchase terms giving rise to such liability. no provision in these purchase terms shall apply to any consumer in new jersey if the provision limits redress for/under: (i) musician’s friend’s tortious actions (e.g., negligence, failure to exercise a basic standard of care, failure to avoid creating an unreasonable risk of harm); (ii) the new jersey products liability act, n.j.s.a. 2a:58c-1, et seq. (i.e., the statutorily imposed duty to refrain from manufacturing and selling dangerous products, with the possibility of punitive damages for violations thereof); (iii) the new jersey punitive damages act, n.j.s.a. 2a:15-5.9, et seq. (i.e., the statutory right to pursue punitive damages in the event of harm caused by actual malice, wanton and willful disregard, reckless indifference); and (iv) the new jersey uniform commercial code (i.e., a comprehensive statutory regime governing the rights and duties of buyers and sellers with respect to contracts for the sale of goods, with the possibility of damages for economic and property harm). new jersey residents: with respect to these purchase terms, the provision concerning the exclusion or limitation of certain damages is not applicable in new jersey with respect to statutory damages, punitive damages, loss of data, and loss of or damage to property. applicable law—resale or export you agree to comply with all applicable laws and regulations of the various states and of the united states. you agree and represent that you are buying for your own personal use only, and not for resale or export. governing law these purchase terms shall for all purposes be governed by and interpreted in accordance with federal law and the laws of the state of california as those laws are applied to contracts entered into and to be performed entirely in california, without regard to conflicts of law provisions. headings the section headings used herein are for convenience of reference only and do not form a part of these terms and conditions, and no construction or inference shall be derived therefrom. california prop 65 notice warning – this product may contain a chemical known to the state of california to cause cancer, or birth defects or other reproductive harm. get it first sign up now for great deals yes, i would like to receive emails with news and offers from musician's friend. company overview about us our commitment gear buying guides, artist interviews & more ship to popular categories guitars basses ukuleles, mandolins & banjos amps & effects drums keys & midi live sound dj equipment recording microphones accessories more ways to shop stupid deal of the day hot deals used gear open box restock shop by brand new arrivals private reserve guitars clearance gift certificates shop with a gear adviser programs musician's friend rewards financing offers buy now pay later with klarna progressive leasing business pricing military discount contact us call now800-449-9128 chat now (opens in new window) track your order shipping returns faqs make a card payment manage subscriptions like us on facebook (opens in new window) follow us on twitter (opens in new window) follow us on youtube (opens in new window) follow us on instagram (opens in new window) do not sell or share my information data rights request cookie preferences terms & conditions your privacy rights ca transparency act sitemap accessibility statement © 2023 musician's friend inc. {"sourcecode":"directsourcecode2","sitesection":"promo","reportsuiteids":"musiciansfriendprod","pagetype":"promo","countryname":"united states","category":"promo: purchase terms","pagename":"promo: purchase terms"} bcctemplate