来源URL: https://web.archive.org/web/20250503005456/https://www.musiciansfriend.com/guitars
================================================================================

guitars | musician's friend shop guitars online - electric & acoustic | musician's friend { "sitename" : "/mf", "mobileappsrccode" : "", "segmentcookie" : "", "mobileappitunesbanner" : "true", "enableclarip": true, "claripconsentjsurl": "https://cdn.clarip.com/gci/clarip_consent.js", "claripdomain": "https://gci.clarip.com/", "sourcecodeid" : "61001562", "sourcename" : "directsourcecode2", "sourcesegment" : "direct", "profilezipcode" : "", "jsonldenabled" : "true", "profilestoreid" : "", "onlineonlylessons" : "", "defaultlessonsstoreid" : "", "profilestorename" : "", "contextpath" : "", "imageresizeenabled" : "false", "unicaenv" : "site-devint", "staticcontenturl" : "https://static.musiciansfriend.com", "stylestaticcontenturl" : "https://static.musiciansfriend.com", "catalogassetstaticcontenturl" : "https://static.musiciansfriend.com", "scene7staticcontenturl" : "https://media.musiciansfriend.com/is/image/", "scene7basepath" : "mmgs7/", "staticversion" : "2025.04.14.ecmd-7.6.11.3-mf-h-tags.atg.a&cb=4", "versionparam" : "?vid=2025.04.14.ecmd-7.6.11.3-mf-h-tags.atg.a&cb=4", "customerservice" : "800-449-9128", "profileid" : "11816600464", "contentkey": "site1a", "isinternational": "false", "iswarrantyshippable": "true", "isinternationalcommerceenabled": "false", "currencysymbol": "$", "profilecountrycode": "us", "profilecurrencycode": "usd", "audioeyeenabled" : "true", "applepayenabled":"false", "olonexitnumber": "0", "livechat" : "false", "cookieloggedin" : false, "richrelevancemode":"render", "richrelevanceapikey":"46baeda9936d6a41", "richrelevanceuserid":"", "richrelevancesessionid":"1ac16b4ee54f61e5560762ce0170c001", "rrbaseurl":"//recs.richrelevance.com/rrserver/", "rrchannelid":"-", "hasheduseridforcriteo":"", "rrtimeout":"10000", "iseducatoraccount": "false", "sessionisdc": "false", "fullyloggedin" : false, "welcomemat" : "false", "powerreviewsurl" : "//static.musiciansfriend.com/", "devicetype" : "d", "prodenvenabled" : false, "ismobile":"false", "rrloadatgrecs":"false", "janrainappdomain":"https://login.musiciansfriend.com", "janrainappid":"fpcfgdnipomgblmndfod", "janrainappname":"login.musiciansfriend.com", "endecacookiesortenabled":"false", "enableinstoreonlyaddtocart":"false", "jsessionid":"", "ishum" : "false", "showeloyalty": "true" , "loyaltyname":"rewards", "showloyalty":"true", "loyaltyuser":"", "loyaltypoints":"", "showcheckoutloyalty":"true" , "fortivacardname":"choice card" } { "pagedata": {"urls":{"powerreviewsurl":"//static.musiciansfriend.com/","catalogassetstaticcontenturl":"static.musiciansfriend.com","staticcontenturl":"static.musiciansfriend.com"},"site":{"devicetype":"d","isaudioeyeenabled":true,"contentkey":"site1a","endecacookiesortenabled":false,"prodenvenabled":false,"sitename":"mf","isinternationalcommerceenabled":false,"ishum":false,"claripdomain":"https://gci.clarip.com/","enableclarip":true,"imageresizeenabled":false,"claripconsentjsurl":"https://cdn.clarip.com/gci/clarip_consent.js","applepayenabled":"","jsonldenabled":"","staticversion":"2025.04.14.ecmd-7.6.11.3-mf-h-tags.atg.a&cb=4","fortivacardname":"choice card","welcomemat":true,"unicaenv":"site-devint","versionparam":"?vid=2025.04.14.ecmd-7.6.11.3-mf-h-tags.atg.a&cb=4","istypeaheadenabled":true,"isrichrelevanceenabled":true,"audioeyeenabled":true,"eloyaltyenabled":""},"product":{},"scene7":{"scene7basepath":"mmgs7/","scene7staticcontenturl":"media.musiciansfriend.com/is/image/"},"janrain":{"appdomain":"https://login.musiciansfriend.com","appname":"login.musiciansfriend.com","appid":"fpcfgdnipomgblmndfod"},"mobileapp":{"srccode":"","itunesbanner":true},"richrelevance":{"mode":"render","loadatgrecs":false,"baseurl":"//recs.richrelevance.com/rrserver/","apikey":"46baeda9936d6a41","channelid":"-","timeout":"10000"}} } site1a /guitars cat|site1a ?pagename=department-page&n=500001 true why shop with us? free shipping free standard ground shipping (48 contiguous states, some overweight and used/vintage items excluded). orders placed before 3 p.m. et usually ship the same business day. learn more 2-year free warranty on guitars every guitar or bass you purchase from musician's friend (electric or acoustic, new or open box) includes two years of protection from manufacturer defects. contact us for details we're here for you our gear advisers are available to guide you through your entire shopping experience. call or chat for expert advice and to hear the latest deals. contact us contact us call now 800-449-9128 hablamos español 866.226.2919 let's chat live chat hours: mon - fri 6 am – 7 pm pt sat 7 am – 6 pm pt sun 8 am – 5 pm pt track your order returns faqs make a card payment 800-449-9128 empty cart icon your cart is empty have an account? sign in to see your saved items. sign in < continue shopping { "sourcecodeid" : "61001562", "sourcename" : "directsourcecode2", "sourcesegment" : "direct", "profilezipcode" : "", "profilestoreid" : "", "profilestorename" : "", "profileid" : "11816600464", "isinternational": "false", "iswarrantyshippable": "true", "isinternationalcommerceenabled": "false", "currencysymbol": "$", "cookieloggedin" : false, "richrelevancemode":"render", "richrelevanceapikey":"46baeda9936d6a41", "richrelevanceuserid":"", "richrelevancesessionid":"1ac16b4ee54f61e5560762ce0170c001", "rrbaseurl":"//recs.richrelevance.com/rrserver/", "rrchannelid":"-", "rrmobilechannelid":"c6e0f249ecc40744", "hasheduseridforcriteo":"", "rrtimeout":"10000", "iseducatoraccount": "false", "sessionisdc": "false", "fullyloggedin" : false, "ismobile":"false", "isprop65user":"", "jsessionid":"", "enabletwodayshipmessage":"true", "enableaskuserlocation":"true", "showeloyalty": "true", "loyaltyname":"rewards", "showloyalty":"true", "loyaltyuser":"", "loyaltypoints":"", "showcheckoutloyalty":"true", "callcenternumber" : "800-449-9128", "livechat" : "false", "donotsell":"" } why shop with us? live sound month! deals on top brands, special financing and more. call 888-688-0208 or chat for exclusive savings. live sound month! deals & special financing rewardsbloghelp search contact us 800-449-9128 sign in back sign in new customer? create an account cart sign in back sign in new customer? create an account back shop by category guitars guitarsview all electric solid body hollow & semi-hollow body left-handed extended range acoustic 6-string 12-string acoustic-electric classical & nylon left-handed amps & effects amps effects pedals preamps accessories strings pickups cases straps picks popular brands fender gibson taylor martin ibanez epiphone prs gretsch guitars popular models fender stratocaster fender telecaster gibson les paul gibson sg ibanez rg taylor american dream taylor gs mini martin gpc guitar deals new guitars buying guides private reserve used guitars open-box guitars view all guitars basses view all electric 4-string 5-string 6-string fretless left-handed acoustic 4-string 5-string left-handed double basses amps & effects amps effects pedals preamps accessories strings cases straps pickups parts popular brands ibanez fender squier ernie ball music man sterling by music man rickenbacker sire schecter guitar research popular models fender precision bass fender jazz bass fender mustang ibanez sr schecter stiletto yamaha trbx yamaha bb strandberg boden bass deals new basses buying guides private reserve used basses open-box basses view all basses amps & effects view all guitar amps combos heads cabinets bass amps footswitches amp parts power supplies effects guitar pedals bass pedals boutique pedals multi-effects pedals multi-effects processors pedalboards pedal accessories popular amp brands fender marshall orange amplifiers markbass boss blackstar kemper vox popular effects brands line 6 electro-harmonix mxr meris dunlop earthquaker devices ibanez tc electronic amplfier deals effects deals new amplifiers new effects pedals used amps & effects open-box amps & effects buying guides view all amps & effects drums view all acoustic sets & shell packs cymbals snare drums mounted toms bass drums accessories drum heads drum sticks cases & gig bags mutes & dampers drum amps electronic sets cymbals modules drum machines hardware & parts stands & racks pedals thrones clamps, mounts & holders parts world percussion popular brands alesis roland zildjian dw simmons meinl pdp by dw remo tama pearl vic firth sound percussion labs evans sabian lp yamaha drum deals new drums buying guides used drums open-box drums view all drums keys & midi view all digital pianos home stage accessories & parts stands & racks cases benches & stools keyboard amps keyboards & midi portable arranger workstations packages synths & sound modules midi controllers midi interfaces production & groove popular brands yamaha roland korg williams akai professional casio nord moog popular models williams legato yamaha clavinova yamaha p-45 digital piano roland rd-88 moog matriarch korg minilogue akai mpc one arturia keystep pro deals new keyboards & midi open-box keys & midi used keys & midi view all keys & midi live sound view all speakers pa speakers pa packages subwoofers monitors power amps lighting & stage effects color & wash lights par cans intelligent lighting fog machines packs mixers unpowered powered microphones signal processors cables & snakes power & batteries stands & racks test equipment speaker parts popular brands qsc harbinger bose jbl electro-voice behringer yamaha mackie popular models jbl eon bose l1 pro qsc k series yamaha mixers electro-voice evolve harbinger vari live sound deals new live sound gear used live sound gear open-box live sound gear buying guides view all live sound recording view all audio interfaces monitors recording packages audio recorders microphones mixers signal processors headphones related gear studio furniture computers & peripherals software ios gear video gear popular brands focusrite universal audio studio rta yamaha presonus tascam krk rode popular models focusrite scarlett universal audio apollo studio rta producer station yamaha hs8 presonus audiobox usb 96k tascam dp-24sd portastudio krk rokit 5 g4 rode rodecaster recording deals new recording gear used recording gear open-box recording gear buying guides view all recording microphones view all microphones condenser dynamic usb ribbon tube drum wireless systems handheld headset in-ear instrument lavalier accessories stands cables clips & clamps widescreens & grilles pop filters popular brands shure sennheiser akg neumann rode sterling audio audio-technica warm audio popular models shure sm58 shure sm57 shure sm7b rode nt1-a bundle neumann u87 warm audio wa-87r2 slate digital vms ml-1 akg 414 microphone deals new microphones open-box microphones used microphones buying guides view all microphones accessories view all cables & snakes instrument mic speaker cases & gig bags guitar bass amp strings guitar bass stands & racks tuners & metronomes care & cleaning tools popular brands musician's gear fender d'addario ernie ball elixir road runner gator proline remo livewire on-stage hercules mogami dunlop perri's snark accessory deals open-box accessories buying guides view all accessories more view all dj gear headphones speakers record players vinyl folk instruments band & orchestra classroom & kids sheet music clothing & collectibles deals new arrivals used gear buying guides hot deals hot deals new arrivals used gear open-box clearance live sound month used gear sale 48 month financing* spring sale help | call or chat track your orderreturnsfaqsmake a card paymentwhy shop with us? rewardsbloghelp home guitars guitars shop by category electric guitars acoustic guitars guitar amps guitar effect pedals multi-effects pedals guitar value packages guitar strings guitar cables guitar cases and gigbags guitar accessories shop by brand fender gibson epiphone martin ibanez squier taylor schecter guitar research prs boss yamaha marshall jackson gretsch guitars line 6 markbass esp d'addario evh sterling by music man ernie ball by music man guild mesa/boogie vox tc electronic mxr dunlop new in guitars shop all recently added used guitars shop all guitar buying guides & more how to choose an electric guitar this guide will help you understand the basic differences in electric guitars so you can make an informed decision. and remember, we’re here to help with friendly gear heads who can guide you to the electric guitar that best meets your needs. read more how to choose an acoustic guitar shopping for an acoustic guitar can be an overwhelming experience. guitar makers use a wide range of woods, hardware, and design elements, so there are many factors, features and specifications to consider. read more best new musical gear of 2024 as 2024 comes to a close, it’s the perfect time to reflect on the year’s most groundbreaking releases in the world of music equipment. from legendary brands fine-tuning their iconic designs to fresh innovations redefining the way we play and create, this year has delivered gear that’s as inspiring as the music it helps produce. read more how to choose a les paul making sense of all of the different models, features and specifications requires a lot of research and time. thankfully, the experts here at musician's friend are here to help you choose the best les paul for your needs and budget. read more how to choose the best stratocaster with all the electric guitars available, why should you choose a strat? while only you can determine if a particular guitar is a good fit, there are compelling reasons the stratocaster has proven to be the guitar of choice for so many players. read more how to choose the best telecaster in 1951 the telecaster was introduced to the world by leo fender, a southern california inventor and businessman. now a legendary instrument available in dozens of variations, the iconic “tele” became the world’s first successfully mass-produced solid body electric guitar. read more about guitars it's easy to make the case that the guitar is the most popular instrument in the world. it's certainly one of the most numerous, with more than 2.5 million guitars sold every year. acoustic or electric, they come from a huge range of manufacturers from around the world. country music, blues, rock, pop and jazz all evolved and expanded thanks to the guitar. in fact, you'd be hard pressed to find a musical genre that hasn't embraced guitars. it's unique sound is thanks to its combination of materials, typically all wood construction, and the way it's played. because the guitar is played with fingers on the strings and a combination of strumming and picking, every player has a signature sound. while in many ways guitars are similar to violins and banjos, no instrument has found similar mass appeal in modern music. the musician's friend team is delighted to help you find the perfect guitar. if you're looking for the perfect instrument for a young musician, check out these guitars for kids. if you're shopping for yourself, narrow your search by category or by brand. you'll find all of the most popular models from every top brand. popular guitar brands there are guitar builders with roots stretching back to the 19th century. those include c.f. martin, gibson, gretsch and washburn. there are 20th century innovators, like fender, g&l, prs, jackson and taylor. smaller boutique builders like tom anderson, friedman and duesenberg make many guitars in limited runs. builders from japan, korea and other asian countries like yamaha, ibanez, alvarez, and takamine have become guitar-building experts. traditional european builders haven't been lost in the mix, either. you'll find classical guitar builders like manuel rodriguez and cordoba, as well as swedish and german builders like strandberg, hagstrom and warwick. musician's friend offers a wide selection of guitars for every level of player. parts of a guitar basic guitar construction comprises a body, neck, bridge, saddles and nut, strings and a tuning mechanism. electric guitars add pickups, a pickup selector, volume and tone controls. acoustic guitars vary widely in tonewoods and bracing design. modern manufacturing technology means that today's guitars are higher quality and more consistent that at any time in the past. with so many guitars to choose from, you can spend days, or even weeks, making a decision. you can always take the traditional path of looking at what types of guitars your favorite guitarists play, and make one of those choices. knowing a little bit more about what goes into a guitar can also help find a clear path to the instrument that's right for you. electric body types this is where the choices really expand. there are three basic categories: hollowbody, semi-hollowbody and solid body. within those categories are buried a huge range of choices. each of these guitars can be non-cutaway, single-cutaway or double-cutaway. if you're mostly playing rhythm, you might not want or need a cutaway guitar. if you're soloing a lot, upper fret access will be more important. hollowbody guitars can be full-depth or thin-line. thinline hollowbodies have been popular in blues and soul/r&b music. some hollowbody guitars are simply reduced body sizes from the original acoustic versions, since the pickups eliminate the need for size to obtain volume. semi-hollowbody designs have long been a standard for blues and jazz players, combining the warmth of a "jazz box" with the feedback resistance of a pure solid-body guitar. since solid-body guitars rely primarily on the pickups for sound, the range of shapes and sizes is truly mind boggling. from traditional forms like the fender telecaster and gibson les paul, through the jet-age streamlining of the stratocaster, jazzmaster and jaguar, to the ultra-modern (and sometimes ahead of their time) character of the gibson explore and flying v, guitars became fashion statements as much as purely musical instruments. acoustic body types the most popular acoustic guitars are flat-tops. this traditional style is available in a number of sizes and body shapes ranging from tiny (baby taylor) to gargantuan (gibson super jumbo). obviously, the larger the guitar, the louder it is. dreadnoughts like the ever-popular martin d-28 are favorites of both flat-pickers and finger stylists on the basis of sheer volume and projection. the smaller body sizes, variously called parlor, orchestra, and 000, make up in warmth and charm what they lack in sheer output. the taylor grand concert and grand auditorium are popular choices in this size range. think about what kind of venues you normally play, and consider the range of acoustic-electric pickup systems when deciding on the right guitar. as with every type of guitar, it's important to find the one that matches your personal musical voice. there are still a handful of purely acoustic archtop guitars from various manufacturers, though they are very much a specialty item these days. but, if you're doing a solo jazz act or aspiring to be the next freddie green (count basie's long-time rhythm guitarist) they're worth checking out. guitar necks one of the primary factors in how a guitar feels and plays is the neck. variations in scale length, commonly between 24.5" and 25.5", determine string tension, a major contributor to sonic personality. shorter scale lengths, like the 24.5" of many gretsch guitars or 24.75" of most gibson guitars, give lower tension and tend towards a warmer sound. it's easier to bend strings on a shorter scale, but sometimes the lower strings can lose a little clarity. longer scale lengths, like the 25.5" standard used by most fender guitars, gives a brighter, snappier sound at the cost of higher tension. you have to work a little harder to bend strings on a longer scale, but many players feel the increased note articulation is worth it. prs guitars use a median scale length of 25", which they feel provides the best compromise between the two extremes. these same factors apply to acoustic guitars, with most dreadnought size bodies having the longer scale length and smaller parlour and orchestra size bodies staying with a shorter scale for the warmer tones associated with it. as always with "feel" issues, your mileage may vary, which is why it's important to get your hands on as many variation as you can to learn what suits your playing best. guitar fingerboards another consideration with necks is the curve of the fingerboard, also called the fretboard. unlike classical and flamenco guitars, which have flat fingerboards, steel string guitars, both acoustic and electric, have slightly curved fingerboards. this curve is expressed as the radius of the circle that the fingerboard can be thought of as being part of. the smaller the radius, the more curved the fingerboard. since your fingers are more curved than straight, the curve of a fingerboard makes it easier to play barre chords and fret multiple strings at once. smaller radii, like the 7.25" of vintage fenders, can make bending strings more difficult, though, and the curve can cause the string to "fret out" on higher frets as it moves away from its natural rest point. guitarists who aim at doing some serious shredding tend to like flatter fingerboards, sometimes with as much as a 20" radius. many manufacturers have settled on 12" as a good general purpose radius. acoustic guitars tend towards a flatter radius, mostly in the 16–20" range. worth mentioning is the current trend towards compound-radius fingerboards. pioneered by boutique builders in the 1980s, a compound radius will be more curved near the nut, where a player is likely to do more chording, gradually becoming flatter towards the higher frets, for ease of playing single-note lines. common compound radius choices are 9.5–15" or 12–16", though there are many choices available. guitar history guitar-like instruments date back almost as far as recorded history. the first known illustrations of its ancestor, the kithara, are almost 4,000 years old. these multi-string, fretted instruments are part of an instrument family known as chordophones. basic guitar design spread and evolved across many cultures over the years. the guitar began to take its modern form in 16th century spain. these, it was still primarily used as a rhythm instrument for accompaniment rather than as a solo voice. the development of a fanned bracing system in the early 19th century by spanish guitarist antonio de torres jurado made the instrument more durable and louder. finally able to hold its own and project to a larger audience, guitar was off to the races. most modern classical and flamenco guitars still use a bracing pattern that is essentially the same as the one torres developed. despite its mostly european roots, most of the development of modern acoustic and electric guitars happened in the united states. it started when german immigrant christian frederick (c.f.) martin invented a new x-bracing pattern around 1843. in increasing both volume and durability, this helped make the guitar more portable. it was suited to be the musical choice of a population that was increasingly on the move as the country expanded westward. the development of the modern arch-top guitar traces to orville gibson, who began carving tops for his company's guitars in the late 19th century. lloyd loar added a violin-style f-hole in the 1920s. the punchy rhythm of an arch-top design could cut through the developing sound of jazz better. still, the guitar was still not an instrument that could rise above the rest of the band as a solo voice, like brass and wind instruments could. it was time to plug things in. popular rumor has it that the first guitar pickup was a phonograph needle stuck into the top of a guitar. maybe so, but there's not definite evidence, as attractive as the story is. it may stem from the fact that the first magnetic guitar pickup, designed by george beauchamp for the rickenbacker (then ro-pat-in) "frying pan" lap steel, started from beauchamp's experiments with phonograph pickup assemblies. the frying pan, interestingly, is also an instrument that can also make a claim as being the first solid-body guitar. the electric guitar really started to take off with a combination of gibson's 1936 introduction of the es-150 and its adoption by benny goodman guitarist charlie christian, who remains an inspiration for many guitarists today. the pickup that became known as the charlie christian pickup was a single-coil pickup that used a single bar as a common pole-piece for all six strings. it was originally developed for gibson's lap steels, but placing one on the es-150 was either a stroke of genius, or an example of sheer luck that established the electric guitar as the wave of the future. as amplifiers grew more powerful and music got louder, many builders and guitarists began to experiment with the idea of guitars made from solid wood to ameliorate the problem of uncontrollable feedback howls that came with higher volumes. it was an idea that's time had clearly come, from the number of different versions of a solid-body guitar that began to appear in the 1940s and early 1950s. most credit paul bigsby with the first true solid-body non-lap-steel guitar. it was popularized by country-western guitarist and finger-picking legend, merle travis. bigsby's guitar debuted in 1948, followed very shortly by leo fender's broadcaster which was renamed the telecaster in 1952 after having been nameless for a couple of years due to gretsch already owning the original name. the 1950–52 guitar marked only with fender on the headstock is popularly known as the nocaster. the rock-and-roll explosion of the 1950s and 1960s greatly expanded both the use and the technology of electric guitars. the release of gibson's les paul models and fender's stratocaster were only the beginning. soon came further development of the humbucking pickup along with revolutions in materials and electronics. with new design concepts like headless designs, multi-scale instruments, modeling electronics, and extended range 7-, 8- and 9-string guitars, the guitar's future has never looked brighter. get it first sign up now for great deals yes, i would like to receive emails with news and offers from musician's friend. company overview about us our commitment gear buying guides, artist interviews & more popular categories guitars basses ukuleles, mandolins & banjos amps & effects drums keys & midi live sound dj equipment recording microphones accessories more ways to shop stupid deal of the day hot deals used gear open box restock shop by brand new arrivals private reserve guitars clearance gift certificates shop with a gear adviser programs musician's friend rewards financing offers buy now pay later with klarna progressive leasing business pricing military discount contact us call now800-449-9128 chat now (opens in new window) track your order shipping returns faqs make a card payment manage subscriptions like us on facebook (opens in new window) follow us on twitter (opens in new window) follow us on youtube (opens in new window) follow us on instagram (opens in new window) do not sell or share my information data rights request cookie preferences terms & conditions your privacy rights ca	transparancy act sitemap accessibility statement © 2025 musician's friend inc. {"sitesection":"departments","displayperpage":"30","refinementname":"category","pagename":"guitars","sourcecode":"directsourcecode2","paginationnumber":"page 1","reportsuiteids":"musiciansfriendprod","pagetype":"category","atgid":"11816600464","listfilters":"category:guitars","countryname":"united states","sortbytype":"best match","category":"guitars","refinementvalue":"guitars"}