来源URL: https://web.archive.org/web/20111230082055/http://www.campingworld.com/help/
================================================================================

help - camping world cart (0) | order status | help account | wish list | sign in inside your rv rv lighting rv kitchen rv directories & rv books rv travel comforts rv toilets & accessories rv appliances rv bedding rv laundry & rv bath rv games rv furniture rv windows & floors rv electronics outside your rv rv door & window screens rv steps & ladders outdoor chairs, tables & mats portable grills & accessories bikes, boats & accessories camping & tailgating gear rv patio decorations rv awnings & accessories pet supplies home & garden fire pits and patio heaters motorcycle and atv accessories ezgo golf carts portable generators maintain rv rv covers & garages rv freshwater systems rv propane accessories rv fans & rv vents portable rv heaters & furnaces rv sanitation & sewer rv electrical systems rv storage & maintenance rv generators rv air conditioners rv cleaners & supplies rv roof maintenance & repair rv replacement hardware hitch & tow rv mirrors & backup systems rv jacks & leveling rv tires & rv wheels rv shocks & rv stabilizers truck accessories hitching & towing engine & fuel performance camping & tailgating outdoor chairs, tables & mats portable grills & accessories camping & tailgating gear camping heaters camping toilets camping games camp cooking bodycare & first aid water & hydration equipment care lights outdoor leisure knives & tools instruments & optics paddlesports gifts, games & toys travel clothing footwear winter & trekking bags & packs tents sleeping bags, cots & air beds camping world apparel rv service & parts goodyear tires rv service & maintenance rv product installation rv collision repair hard to find rv parts rv rental our motorhome fleet rv rental locations motorhome rental faq rv rental terms rv rentals for sale rv sales cargo trailers class a diesel motorhomes class a gas motorhomes class b motorhomes class b plus class c motorhomes class c toy haulers fifth wheel trailer fifth wheel toy haulers hybrid travel trailer other park model pop up campers travel trailers travel trailer toyhauler truck camper find products by keyword or item # on sale now internet specials current ads see your closest store in vacaville, ca see all stores help topics site tour my account/account signup free catalog president's club services stores browser requirements shopping - where - purpose - shopping cart accessibility - items - coupon codes - source codes - shipping options within cart - president's club number about our prices our price guarantee checkout order status product search refine your search shipping policy & charges shipping discounts international shipping policy installation fees frequently asked questions site tour my account/account signup where? accessible via the "your account" text link located in the top right section of every page between "order status" and "wish list". having an account is free and offers several benefits... - share your wants and needs with family and friends by creating a wish list - control your personal information. edit your email address, password and mailing address anytime. - save time at checkout by having your billing and shipping information be automatically filled in for you. - stay organized and keep track of your purchases by viewing a detailed history list of all your camping world online orders. - access the status of an order and tracking information without having to know the order number via your order history list. if you have an account and you are logged in, you can change your account information. the link will say your account at the top of the page. go to the top free catalog where? accessible via the "free catalog" link located in the bottom left-hand corner of the camping world homepage. - receive a free catalog by mail. (usa and canadian residents) - complete the form and click the send my request button. - $5.00 (u.s. funds) for international catalog requests. please call 1-270-781-2718. - go to catalog request page go to the top president's club where? accessible via the president's club tab located at the top of every page. - save 10% on every item we sell everyday. - enjoy many discounts and benefits. - one-year, two-year, or three-year memberships available. - guaranteed to save you more than the cost of your membership fee. - go to president's club page go to the top services where? accessible via the "services" tab at the top of every page. camping world rv services is the perfect place to find solutions to fit additional rving needs. - insurance - continued service plan - emergency road service: offers protection and peace of mind when you're on the road. email us at roadcare-info@campingworld.com or call 1-800-844-3622 or 1-888-255-8546. - club memberships - credit cards from the services page you can: - see a list of camping world resource centers. - send email to resource centers. go to services page go to the top stores where? accessible via the "stores" tab at the top of every page. - find a camping world store near you. - see a listing of rv repair and service centers. - links to the services page. - links to rv procare (service and maintenance for your rv products). go to stores page go to the top browser requirements to shop we recommend microsoft internet explorer 6 or higher or mozilla firefox 2 or higher. the site is built for monitors with at least 1024 x 768 resolution. to shop and have the site remember you, your browser needs to accept cookies. to set your monitor on a pc: - click start - click settings - click control panel - click the display icon - then click on the settings tab - use the slider to adjust your monitor's resolution. to set your monitor on a mac: - go to the apple menu - choose control panels - choose monitor and sound - change your display setting to enable cookies in microsoft internet explorer: - click the tools menu on your browser - choose internet options - click the security tab - set the slider to medium or lower to enable cookies in mozilla firefox: - click the tools menu on your browser - choose options - click the privacy tab - check the box that says “accept cookies from sites” go to the top shopping cart where? accessible via the view cart text link at the top of every page purpose: the shopping cart page lets you view your shopping cart. on the shopping cart page you can: - remove items - see more info on the products in your cart - adjust the quantities - enter an item coupon code - enter an order coupon code - enter a source code - view prices and your subtotal - update your cart - empty your cart - checkout go to the top shopping cart accessibility if you are signed in, your cart will be saved for 30 days when you add items to your cart, and will be accessible to you from any computer (with internet access) once you sign in again. if you are not signed in, your cart will still be saved for 30 days when you add items to your cart, but will only be accessible via the computer used when adding items to your cart. if you don't revisit the site in 30 days, your cart is automatically emptied. go to the top items to change the quantity of an item, highlight the quantity and change it to the desired number and click the "update cart" button. to remove items from your cart, change the quantity to zero and click the "update cart" button or click the "remove" button beside the quantity field of the item you wish to remove. go to the top coupon codes if you have received a coupon code, simply enter it in the field provided on the cart page. then click the “submit” button to apply it to your order total. coupon code error messages: the following is a list of the more confusing coupon error messages that may occur and the reason they may occur. if, after following the instructions given, the error message persists, please call one of our customer service representatives at 1-800-626-3636 for further assistance. we're sorry. the coupon code you have entered is not valid. the number entered in the coupon code field does not match any of our online coupon numbers. double-check your coupon code and try re-typing it in the field provided. we're sorry. the coupon code you have entered is not currently active. the number entered in the coupon code does not match any of our active coupon numbers. double-check the number and the expiration date listed on the advertisement or catalog to assure that it is correct and active. we're sorry. the coupon you have entered cannot be used in combination with other coupons on this order. you must remove the coupon, or one or more of the other coupons within your order, as the coupon code specified may not be used in combination with any other discounts. we're sorry. this coupon can only be used one time. the coupon code entered cannot be used with more than one item per order. please remove all but one occurrence of the coupon code and then proceed with your order. we're sorry. the coupon code you have entered has a minimum order amount that has not been met. increase your order size to meet the minimum order amount necessary to allow the use of the coupon code, or save the coupon for use with a larger purchase. we're sorry. the item requirements have not been met. one of the following situations has occurred. either: - the item is not one associated with the coupon code entered, or - t he item's price does not meet the minimum required price for the discount to apply, or - t he coupon requires the purchase of specific additional items. check the advertisement from which you received the coupon code to verify which items qualify, if the item must be of a minimum price for the discount to apply, or if the purchase of additional items must be made in order for the discount to apply. we're sorry. this is a president's club member only coupon. president's club members receive exclusive discounts and coupons in addition to their everyday 10% savings. the coupon code entered is applicable only to president's club members and must be used in combination with a valid president's club membership number. we're sorry. the items selected are not eligible for discounts at this time or this item does not qualify for a discount. the coupon code entered cannot be used since the item(s) selected are not eligible for discounts at this time. delete the coupon number from the coupon code field and proceed with your order. (usually the coupon code field will not even be present on such items, preventing the error from occurring.) we're sorry. coupon cannot be used on discounted shipping. some coupons cannot be used in combination with a discounted shipping offer. if a coupon is used when ordering online while a discounted shipping offer is in effect, the system will automatically calculate and tell you which offer saves you the most money, and will give you the choice of using either the discounted shipping offer or the coupon offer. we're sorry. coupon maintenance is not allowed since the order is no longer open. please place your order again by adding the items you wish to purchase into your cart and then proceed to checkout. be sure to double-check any coupon codes as you type them in order to prevent errors. we're sorry. the coupon you have entered cannot be used on the web site at this time. check to see if the coupon code you are using has expired or if it is applicable only at certain stores or in conjunction with the purchase of specific products. we're sorry. coupon cannot be used on the internet. the coupon code entered cannot be used online at this time. visit your nearest camping world retail store or call to order at 1-888-626-5514. go to the top source codes a source code (otherwise known as a key code) is a tracking-number used to test the effectiveness of a particular marketing piece. it may also be used in conjunction with an offer to generate a discounted price on a particular item or group of items. a source code is located on the back of your catalog, flyer, or other mail piece. it is sometimes called a key code. see example below: shipping options within shopping cart where? the shipping options are located on the lower right side of the shopping cart page, below the cart subtotal and above the estimated total. only the options allowable based on the items selected in your cart will be available to you within the shipping options box. price is also calculated based on the type/weight of the items within the cart. go to the top president's club number the following is a list of the more confusing president's club error messages that may occur while in the shopping cart stage of the checkout process and the reason they may occur. if, after following the instructions given, the error message persists, please call one of our customer service representatives at 1-800-626-3636 for further assistance. - the president's club number and customer number do not reference the same account information. during the checkout process, a verification process is used to validate each president's club membership number and customer number. they must reference the same account for the order to proceed. verify that each number is accurate and entered correctly on your shopping cart page. go to shopping cart page. - the president's club number you entered is invalid. check your membership card for your correct president's club membership number. if you have lost your card, call one of our customer service representatives at 1-800-626-3636. invalid pc number in cart. - the number entered in the president's club membership field on the shopping cart page does not match any of our membership numbers. double-check your membership number and try re-typing it in the field provided. - the customer number provided is invalid. your customer number can be found on the back of your catalog in the lower left-hand corner. if you do not have a catalog, and do not know your customer number, leave the customer number field blank. a customer number is not necessary to process your order online, unless you are also a president's club member and wish to receive your 10% discount. in the event you are a president's club member and have lost your customer number, please call one of our customer service representatives at 1-800-626-3636. - that program type is invalid. please select a different membership from below. if you are not a president's club member, and are attempting to join, be sure to click on the join option rather than the renew option. likewise, if you are already a president's club member, but your membership has expired, be sure to click on the renew option rather than the join option. go to shopping cart page go to the top about our prices everything we sell is covered by our satisfaction guarantee. if you aren't satisfied with one of our products or services, tell us and we'll make it right. we take great care to ensure the accuracy of all information online. prices and availability are subject to change without notice. if prices should change, we will process your order and notify you of any difference. we cannot be responsible for typographical errors. some quantities limited. club sale price - club sale prices, denoted in bold type, are offered to our president’s club members. these prices include 10% off regular or sale prices. savings - percentage of savings that a pc member receives off of the regular price at checkout sale price - sale prices, featured in red, are a discount off of the regular pricing regular price - regular prices, featured in dark gray, are our everyday low prices. internet-only specials - items that are discount off the regular pricing. these are offered only through the website. our price guarantee if an item you purchase from us goes on sale within 14 days from date of purchase, we will issue a merchandise certificate for the difference. mail or bring us the dated advertisement and your receipt within 30 days of original purchase. checkout where? accessible via a checkout button which will appear on your shopping cart page if there are one or more items in your shopping cart. if you have items in your shopping cart and wish to proceed with your purchase, click the checkout button. step 1. sign in or checkout without signing in for those with an online account: - to quickly checkout, verify/enter your e-mail address and enter your password and then proceed with step 3. for those without an online account: - click the button "continue checkout" within the box that states “i do not have an account”. if you don't have a campingworld.com account and would like to create one, you can do so during the next step. step 2. billing, shipping and other - if you have an account, you will skip this step and proceed directly to step 3. - if you are creating a new account, you will be asked to enter your billing address, shipping address, and personal information such as rv type and e-mail address. you are then given the chance to create an account by creating a password. step 3. payment and summary information - you will be asked to verify all of your information and enter or confirm your payment method. - for those signed in, note that the payment method defaults to the last credit card used. the shipping method defaults to your billing address rather than the last address used, to prevent delays in delivery due to outdated addresses. (it is our experience that many rvers move frequently from location to location, and the last address used may not be your current location). step 4. place your order - when ready to order, click the "submit" button. - your order will be sent to us for processing, and you will be shown a detailed order receipt that you can print for your records. go to the top order status where? accessible via the order status text link at the top of every page, to the right of the view cart link. you can now check the status of any of your last 10 orders, providing they were placed via the internet, phone, or mail order. retail purchases are not available for online status checks. - if you are signed in, you will automatically be able to see your orders on your order history page listed in chronological order by date with the most recent order on top. from this list, you may then click on the "view order details" link and then the “track” link to see each order's status. - if you are not signed in, you will be asked for the order number, your billing last name and shipping zip code in order to access the status of your order. if you do not have your order number, you may call a customer service representative at 1-866-450-4739. once you have accessed an individual order status page, you will be able to view the following: - order number - each item included in the order - stock status of the item (in stock and reserved, out of stock, backordered, etc.) - quantity ordered of each item - shipping status of the item - address to which the order has been or will be shipped - shipping method if none of the items included in your order have reached the processing stage in the warehouse, you may cancel your order from the order status page by clicking on the "cancel order" button in the upper right corner of the yellow header bar. if the "cancel order" button does not appear, it means that one or more of the items in your order have been processed and/or shipped and it is too late to cancel your order. if your order has already shipped via ground or 2-day express, a tracking code will be available, allowing you to track your order after it leaves our warehouse. however, if multiple items are included in the order, they may ship separately depending on availability, and have different tracking codes. we can provide the tracking code(s) associated with each order, but not on a per item basis. go to the top product search where? located on the right-hand side of the top gray navigation bar on every page. - lets you quickly search for products. - type in the name or item number of a product. - if it is a broad search, typing the name of a product will return all products containing that name. go to the top refine your search: if your product search has produced a large number of results, you can refine your search with the following options: - keywords - price range - category - new items - items on sale sort by: - best match - lowest price - highest price - best review - best availability go to the top shipping policy & charges standard ground (3-7 business days) within the 48 contiguous states. total the ship weights of all items ordered (except for items with a symbol, see below) then find fee in chart below. due to dimensions, weight or transportation requirements, items with a have a flat shipping charge. the amount shown next to the is for standard delivery within the 48 contiguous states. total the amounts shown for each item ordered multiplied by the quantity ordered of that item. these products are excluded from shipping offers except where noted. express delivery: call 1-800-626-5944 for options, rates and availability. direct ship (designated items only): allow 5-10 business days for delivery. items shipped directly from manufacturer within 48 hours of order. special order (designated items only): allow 5-10 business days for delivery. items shipped directly from manufacturer within 48 hours of order. some direct ship or special order items not displayed at all retail locations; ask a crew member to order it for you. shipping charges: for standard ground delivery within the 48 contiguous states (except for items with ) total shipping wt. shipping less than 2 lbs. $11.00 2 lbs. to < 5 lbs. $13.00 5 lbs. to < 10 lbs. $14.00 10 lbs. to < 20 lbs. $16.00 20 lbs. to < 30 lbs. $20.00 30 lbs. to < 40 lbs. $25.00 40 lbs. to < 50 lbs. $27.00 50 lbs. to < 70 lbs. $30.00 70 lbs. and over multiply total ship wt. by $1.40 shipping discounts: where? if a special on shipping is in effect, a banner or advertisement will be displayed at the top of the page. note: discounted shipping is offered at various times, and on each occasion it is offered is for a limited time only. some restrictions apply, including, but not limited to, the following: - does not include express delivery or products with additional shipping charges. - good only when ground service is selected. - available on orders delivered within the 48 contiguous states - cannot be used in combination with any other offer except president's club 10% discount. (if a coupon is used when ordering online while a discounted shipping offer is in effect, the system will automatically calculate and tell you which offer saves you the most money, and will give you the choice of using either the discounted shipping offer or the coupon offer.) go to the top international shipping policy international shipping rates apply to all orders shipped outside the u.s. any shipping discounts will not apply to orders shipped outside the continuous 48 states. actual shipping charges will be calculated at the time of order and are to be paid by the purchaser. to inquire about or place an order, please call 1.270.901.4855. international shipments are not trackable. brokerage fees, import tariffs, customs duties, customs clearance fees and value added taxes, as well as other local taxes, may apply to international orders and are assessed by customs authorities at the time of delivery. campingworld.com does not calculate these fees at the time of order, and they are the sole responsibility of the purchaser. please inquire with local customs authorities for more information regarding applicable fees. return shipping costs are the responsibility of the purchaser on all returned orders. refunds will be for the merchandise amount only. campingworld.com cannot refund any duties, taxes or fees paid on the order.* shipping charges displayed on your order are only estimates. actual shipping charges will be negotiated with our preferred shipping company and will appear on your order. for accurate international shipping rates, you may place your order by phone at 1.270.901.4855. recipients are responsible for paying all duties and taxes on international shipments at time of delivery. go to the top installation fees installation fees shown cover labor charges for standard installation. some installations require additional material and labor charges and are quoted upon inspection. a standard supply charge is added to each work order. rv expert center articles: guides, tips and how-tos - traveling with arthri... - at your service--rv r... search all articles signup for email deals find out about new products, special offers and a whole lot more! signup ordering how to order return policy shipping policy contact us printable order form about our prices gift cards president's club member benefits join the president's club camping world vacations renew your membership highways magazine our services rv & auto insurance emergency road service extended warranties hard to find parts rv expert center about us our story affiliate program job opportunities goodwill ambassadors become a vendor copyright ©2011 camping world, inc. all rights reserved. site map | site terms | privacy policy