来源URL: https://web.archive.org/web/20171223135409/http://www.campingworld.com/help/privacy.cfm
================================================================================

privacy policy - camping world skip to main content toggle navigation search for rv & camping gear free shipping on orders of $99+ details on free shipping offer shop by department awnings, canopies& shade bikes, bike racks& carriers camping & tailgating chairs, recliners& patio mats covers & storage directories& memberships electronics, gps& satellites generators & electrical grills & picnic hardware, roof vents& fans indoor living outdoor living pet, training & feeders sewer, fresh water& cleaners towing, levels& chocks rv sales rv maintenance & repair good sam club & services sign in store locator contact us good sam club camping world rv sales media room careers customer service faq order status how to order printable order form about our prices gift cards about us our story affiliate program goodwill ambassadors ca supply chain disclosure become a vendor our policies return policy privacy policy shipping policy services good sam | camping world visa 1-888-626-7576 rv sales rv & outdoor gear rv maintenance & repair good sam club & services current offers new products clearance online specials current ads for customer service, call 1-888-626-7576 chat account find a store shop our departments appliances, a/c's & heaters awnings, canopies & shade bikes, bike racks & carriers camping & tailgating chairs, tables & patio mats covers & storage directories & memberships electronics, gps & satellites generators & electrical grills & picnic hardware, roof vents & fans indoor living marine & water sports outdoor living pet sewer, fresh water & cleaners towing, levels & chocks shop more appliances, a/c's & heaters air conditioners dish washing portable heaters & furnaces small appliances refrigerators washers & dryers vacuums and steam mops view all appliances, a/c's & heaters products shop our top brands dometic norcold camco kalorik icon technologies mr. heater maxi-matic equator advanced appliances howard berger westland best sellers save $192.71 advent air roof mount air conditioners with shroud save $22.98 brisk ii replacement shroud, polar white save $0.70 no-spill ice tray shop more awnings, canopies & shade rv awnings awning accessories canopies & shade awning rooms home awnings view all awnings, canopies & shade products shop our top brands carefree of colorado dometic lippert components inc direcsource ltd shelterlogic camco jr products heininger diamond awning pro-tech llc best sellers save $85.64 diamond group multicolor led light strip kit, 16-2/5’ save $83.53 ez zipblocker, 15' x 9' save $5.82 rv gutter extensions, 4-pack shop more bikes, bike racks & carriers bike accessories bikes motorcycle scooters & accessories view all bikes, bike racks & carriers products shop our top brands swagman dgl group adco direcsource ltd bell sports heininger best sellers save $100.00 m3 electric scooter save $5.00 folding bike carry bag save $87.02 xc hitch or bumper mount rack shop more camping & tailgating bags & packs camp cooking camping & tailgating gear clothing emergency preparedness equipment care footwear games & toys insect repellants & accs instruments & optics knives & tools lights paddlesports sleeping bags, cots & air beds tents travel view all camping & tailgating products shop our top brands earthletics/milestone clothing resources llc life is good k2 coolers, llc selk'bag usa inc dog is good coleman pahaque wilderness polar bear coolers coopersburg products llc ja-ru best sellers save $50.02 gray camo folding wagon save $2.00 kooler kube save $7.08 my everything bag shop more chairs, tables & patio mats chairs patio mats & rugs patio sets tables view all chairs, tables & patio mats products shop our top brands prest-o-fit direcsource ltd picnic time caravan canopy mings mark inc algoma net company lifetime kijaro jamberly grassworx best sellers save $24.35 patio mat, polypropylene, "home is where we park it," 8’ x 11’, brown/beige save $10.00 ming's mark reversible rv patio mat, 8' x 20', brown/gold art graphic save $3.08 clean machine shoe & boot shop more covers & storage cargo carriers & slideouts covers garages & car canopies view all covers & storage products shop our top brands elements covers adco classic accessories shelterlogic covercraft industries llc camco rv toy store hatchlift rightline gear stromberg carlson best sellers save $4.00 elements white tire cover pair, 27"-29" save $204.00 all climate wind designer series tyvek rv covers - class c, 26' - 29' save $12.02 class a mirror & wiper blade covers, set of 4 shop more directories & memberships directories & books magazines memberships view all directories & memberships products shop our top brands cq national geographic partners rv education 101 best sellers save $2.96 rand mcnally 2018 road atlas save $5.00 passport america - 1 year save $4.02 recipe rock shop more electronics, gps & satellites satellites & receivers gps & navigation antennas tvs & accessories thermometers portable audio mobile accessories radios view all electronics, gps & satellites products shop our top brands jensen and voyager winegard audiovox king pace international dpi inc roadpro la crosse rear view safety inc axess products corp best sellers save $41.20 dish vip 211z satellite television receiver save $30.00 dish playmaker portable satellite antenna save $10.00 tailgater or quest tripod shop more generators & electrical tri-fuel conversion kits lighting generators power protection solar 12 volt power batteries & accessories power converters power inverters power cords view all generators & electrical products shop our top brands diamond itc parkpower by marinco - drop ship smartplug systems llc camco blue sea systems inc rdk products power products llc dba parkpower by marinco uriah products llc trc best sellers save $13.70 easyid fuse kit save $4.70 led overhead light save $19.45 single battery disconnect switch shop more grills & picnic grills & accessories picnic view all grills & picnic products shop our top brands char-broil the fulham group direcsource ltd meco corp coleman mr bar-b-q weber magma harco incentives inc picnic time best sellers save $9.51 easy street table top electric bbq grill save $4.02 classic rving tablecloth save $20.99 weber q 1000 portable propane grill shop more hardware, roof vents & fans doors & window screens fans & vents propane & accessories rv cleaners & supplies rv replacement hardware rv roof maintenance & repair rv storage & maintenance view all hardware, roof vents & fans products shop our top brands rv designer icon technologies camco specialty recreation inc dometic optronics international llc thetford ap direcsource ltd titan fuel tanks best sellers save $0.90 replacement fan blade (jensen) save $4.18 rubber roof cleaner & conditioner, 64 oz save $5.92 dicor non-sag lap sealant - bright white shop more indoor living bath & laundry bedroom furniture kitchen living space view all indoor living products shop our top brands 3m interdesign direcsource ltd lippert components inc progressive international world kitchen llc fox run brands camco spectrum diversified designs rv designer best sellers save $1.00 remote holder, walnut save $385.04 modular theater seating save $0.70 no-spill ice tray shop more marine & water sports lake & pool leisure life jackets & vests marine & boat accessories tubes & towables water sports water toys view all marine & water sports products shop our top brands classic accessories coovy sports dba mycanoe best sellers save $29.00 fiji 2-person kayak save $33.58 stellex boat cover - 16'- 18.5', 98" beam save $45.00 tooner ii pontoon ladder shop more outdoor living atv & utv fire pits & patio heaters garden & patio accessories motorcycle patio decorations rv auto accessories steps & ladders tools & garage view all outdoor living products shop our top brands two group flag direcsource ltd stromberg carlson little giant ladder systems lippert components inc diamond esschert design usa oregon cordless products core distribution classic accessories best sellers save $35.02 endless summer portable outdoor propane firebowl save $85.64 diamond group multicolor led light strip kit, 16-2/5’ save $5.44 tire step shop more pet collars, leashes & harnesses pet food pet supplies pet apparel pet bowls & feeding supplies pet beds & carriers pet toys & games view all pet products shop our top brands direcsource ltd artvark pet products white bridge pet brands llc dba wagmore multipet international inc utm distributing dba booster bath creative pet group vip products llc covercraft industries llc k9 granola factory ark naturals best sellers save $10.02 etna portable pet steps save $25.02 direcsource ltd heavy-duty pet fence save $3.00 direcsource ltd foldable pet bed shop more sewer, fresh water & cleaners black water faucets & shower fresh water rv cleaners & supplies sewer chemicals sewer connection toilets view all sewer, fresh water & cleaners products shop our top brands valterra camco thetford icon technologies dometic suburban eccotemp lippert components inc prest-o-fit teknor apex best sellers save $4.18 rubber roof cleaner & conditioner, 64 oz save $63.08 dometic portable rv/marine toilet - 5 gallon, gray save $2.92 1 1/2" grey water waste valve body shop more towing, levels & chocks 5th wheel towing car towing trailer towing mirrors & backup systems jacks & leveling wheels & tire accessories hitching & towing shocks & stabilizers truck accessories engine & fuel performance view all towing, levels & chocks products shop our top brands united safety apparatus roadmaster cequent stromberg carlson hopkins pacbrake ultra-fab elements covers camco progress best sellers save $16.21 ultra stacker jacks, set of 4 save $5.44 tire step save $4.00 elements white tire cover pair, 27"-29" search for rv & camping gear search cart free shipping on orders of $99+ details on free shipping offer welcome to campingworld.com enter your email address tobecome part of our camping communityand begin receiving exclusive offers! email address i would like to receive email information from camping world and its affiliates. i would like to receive email information from camping world and its affiliates. 'good sam club''good sam insurance agency''good sam life insurance central''coast resorts''good sam life & health''good sam travelassist''good sam roadside assistance''good sam extended service plan''rv loans''motorhome''rv.net''trailer life''good sam | camping world visa''chair world' you can change your email preferences at any time no thanks we are hard at work building your new hometown outfitter. while our website is being created, our partner can get you the gear you need today. shop camping worldlearn more > your privacy rights we appreciate the trust you place in cwgs enterprises, llc and the camping world and good sam family of companies. to continue to earn this trust, we are committed to protecting your privacy and the security of your personal information. our privacy policy (this "privacy policy") describes how we collect, protect, use, and share information gathered about you on our family of websites. we hope that this disclosure will help increase your confidence in our sites and enhance your experience on the internet and with us.please read this privacy policy before you use this site. your use of our website signifies that you agree to this privacy policy. we always welcome your questions and feedback. for privacy-related issues, please feel free to contact us directly at any time. cwgs enterprises, llcpo box 6888englewood, co 80155-6888800-234-3450 [email protected] types of information we collect and how we collect it the majority of the product and service information posted on our sites is offered without us collecting any personally identifiable information from you. you can surf the websites and view much of our content anonymously. information you providethere are a few activities on our sites where the collection of personally identifiable information is necessary. those activities include things like entering a contest or sweepstakes, requesting a newsletter or other information, registering at our sites or the open roads forum, filling out a survey or questionnaire or contacting us. we do not market, seek or solicit information or knowingly collect information from children. when personally identifiable information is collected, you will know because you will have to provide such information to us. for most activities, we collect only your name, e-mail address, street address, zip code, birth date, and rv type. information collected from you with technology our sites collect some information about you using technology, so it may not be readily apparent to you that it is being collected. for instance, and as described more fully below, when you visit our site, we automatically collect certain non-personally identifiable information from your browser, such as your internet service provider's address, the web page from which you came, and a record of your activity on our site. we also use beacons to detect if and when you opened our emails. this information is not personally identifiable. our sites use information collected through technology to: make our sites more interesting and useful to you; help advertisers on our site design advertisements our users might like; help us generally improve the content and layout of our website; notify you about updates to our website; and contact you for marketing purposes. cookies cookies are pieces of information that a website sends to your computer while you are viewing the website. these pieces of information allow the websites to remember important information that will make your use of those sites more useful. our sites and other websites use cookies for a variety of purposes. as a result of your accessing our site, we may use third party cookies and other technologies and may receive information about your browsing and buying activity on our website. we contract with one or more third party site analysis service partners to provide us with a data collection and reporting service. when you access our site, a third party site analysis service partner may use cookies and other technologies on our behalf and may receive information about your browsing and buying activity on our website. such data collection may be compiled and analyzed on an aggregate basis, and we may share this aggregated data with our affiliates, agents and business partner. this aggregate information does not identify you personally. we may also disclose aggregated user statistics in order to describe our services to current and prospective business partners, and to other third parties for other lawful purposes. you can choose to have your computer warn you each time a cookie is being sent, or you can choose to turn off all cookies. you do this through your browser (like firefox or internet explorer) settings. each browser is a little different, so look at your browser's help menu to learn the correct way to modify your cookies. if you turn cookies off, you won't have access to many of our features that make your web experience more efficient. beacons our html-formatted emails may contain a web beacon to tell us whether our emails are opened and verify any clicks through to links or advertisements within the email. we may use this information for purposes including determining which of our emails are more interesting to users. the web beacon will be deleted when you delete the email. emails in plain text (if applicable) rather than html will not include the web beacon. pixel tags we use pixel tags (also sometimes also known as web beacons), which are transparent images, iframes, or javascript, to understand how consumers interact with our site online, including on websites and in mobile apps. pixel tags are small blocks of code on a webpage or app that allow them to read and place cookies and transmit information to us or our partners. mobile identifiers when accessing our website on a mobile device or using any of our mobile applications, we will have access to your location if you have enabled location services on your device. we will also have access to your mobile device id, which is unique to your device and does not by itself contain any personally identifiable information. how we use the personally identifiable information that we collect when you supply us with personally identifiable information, the information you provide is added to our customer file. we use personally identifiable information in a limited number of ways. we use the information to complete transactions. for instance if you contact us for help, we will use the information to contact you. we use information collected to notify you if you've won a game or contest. information we collect is also used to send you: e-mail updates related to club, products and services, discounts, upcoming events and newsletters about our sites; rv or other e-mail promotions and special offers from our third-party sponsors; periodic mailings or telephone contact related to the club, products and services, discounts, upcoming events, newsletters about our sites; periodic mailings related to rv or other promotions and special offers from our third-party sponsors. in addition, by joining good sam club, you agree and acknowledge that we may recognize your membership among our affiliated companies and on our web sites. for example, if you are a member of good sam club and have also joined the rv.net forum, we will indicate that you are a good sam club member by displaying a "good sam" icon by your user name whenever you post content to an rv.net forum. if you would like to remove the good sam club icon in relation to your forum posts, you may do so in your forum account in the "my profile" section. who we share your information with to enhance your experience on our websites, from time to time we may provide information to a select group of companies that offer products and services that may be of interest to you. we also share information for security reasons. sometimes we use third party companies to help us provide or deliver products or services. in those instances, we need to share your information with them to deliver products, assist us in collecting and managing customer information, fulfill promotions and/orders and/or communicate with you. some of these companies are given access to some or all of the information you provide us, and some may use cookies or other technologies on our behalf. these companies are restricted from using your information in any manner other than in helping us to deliver or provide you our products and services. on occasion, we offer promotions – such as sweepstakes or free subscriptions -- in conjunction with a sponsor. we may share your information with the sponsors if they need it to send you a product, such as a magazine subscription. we may share your information with those sponsors that can send you other special promotions. in addition, we will occasionally send e-mail promotions to our users on behalf of third-party sponsors regarding lifestyle-related products or services. content providers on some of our sites, we provide content that is created by a third-party website. in some instances the third-party sites will collect information in order to facilitate the transaction or to make the use of their content more productive and efficient. in these circumstances the information collected is shared between our third-party sponsors and us. third-party advertisers and network advertisersour privacy policy does not apply when you click on an advertisement and leave our site. you must read the privacy policy of that advertiser to see how your personal information will be handled on its site. in addition, some advertisements on our site are promoting products and services from third-party companies. these companies are called "network advertisers." network advertisers collect information when you visit our site. the information is collected using technology, so you may not realize it is being collected. the network advertisers collect this information so that they can show you ads that are more relevant and interesting to you. you can opt out of the collection of this information by following the instructions below. sale of businesses we may sell certain of our businesses or assets to other companies in connection with a merger, acquisition, or bankruptcy. when such transactions take place, visitor information (including personally identifiable information) may constitute a part of the transferred business assets. in the event that we, or any of our affiliates, sell some, all or substantially all of our assets to another company, visitor information (including personally identifiable information) likely will be considered an asset that will be transferred to such company. organizations that help protect the security and safety of our users and our sites we will disclose personal information and non-personal information as required by law, for example, to comply with a court order or subpoena; to enforce our terms of service, or site or sweepstakes/contest rules; or to protect the safety and security of users and our sites. choices you have about our collection, usage and sharing of your information how you can access your account information in many cases, if you have established an account with one of our business units, you can review your communication preferences through the "my account" section of our websites. communication preferences are permissions that you have granted us to communicate with you on specific areas of interest. you may make modifications to your communication preferences directly through this section of "my account". if you don't have an account, can't find your account or our site doesn’t provide an account section, you can simply contact us via email by clicking "contact us" located at the bottom of all of our web pages or send an email directly to [email protected]. please include information in the email that will help us identify your account so we can assist you with your inquiry or request. e-mail communications you can use much of our site without giving us any personally identifiable information. when you register with us or give us personally identifiable information, you will have an opportunity at the time we collect your information to limit e-mail communications from us and our third-party marketing partners. at any time you can request that we not send e-mails to you anymore either by unsubscribing from the communication or by contacting us at [email protected]. direct mail communications we recognize that your privacy is very important to you, and we are committed to protecting it. when you subscribe to our publications, join our clubs or otherwise do business with us, please tell us if you do not want to receive our direct mail marketing offers for any or just certain products and/or services. we will mark your account for a three-year period. you will not receive any direct mail offers from us during this three-year period for those products and/or services that you have indicated to us that you are not interested in receiving. if you change your mind, just get in touch with us and ask that we include you in future offerings. you can ask us at any time to not include you in future offerings. however, please note that because marketing campaigns are planned a few months ahead of time, you may continue to receive marketing offers for two to four months. write to us at good sam mail preference service, p.o. box 6888, englewood, co 80155-6888 to opt out from specific future mailings. third party ad tracking and serving we do not control third parties' collection or use of your information. however these third parties may provide you with ways to choose not to have your information collected. you can opt out of receiving targeted ads from members of the network advertising initiative ("nai") by following instructions on the nai's website: https://www.networkadvertising.org/. california privacy rights california civil code section 1798.83 permits california residents to request certain information regarding our disclosure of personal information to third parties for their direct marketing purposes. to make such a request, please send an e-mail to [email protected]. our website currently does not honor browser “do not track” signals. the type of security we provide security is of the utmost concern and importance to us for all personally identifiable information associated with our users. we take technical, contractual, administrative, and physical security steps to protect all visitors' information. when you provide credit card information, we use secure socket layer (ssl) encryption to protect it. however, no internet or e-mail transmission is ever fully secure or error free. there are some things that you can do to help protect the security of your information as well. for instance, never give out your password, since this is what is used to access all of your account information. also remember to sign out of your account and close your browser window when you finish surfing the web so that other people using the same computer won't have access to your information. children our site is not directed to or intended for, and we do not knowingly collect personally identifiable information from children under the age of 13. if you are under thirteen, please do not submit any personally identifiable information through our website. we encourage parents and legal guardians to monitor their children's internet usage and to help enforce our privacy policy by instructing their children to never provide personally identifiable information on our website without their permission. if you have reason to believe that a child under the age of 13 has provided personally identifiable information to us through this website, please contact us, and we will endeavor to delete that information from our databases. international users our site is operated and hosted in the united states. information that you provide to us and the data that we collect as a result of your visiting and using our site will be collected, processed in and transferred to the u.s. and is subject to u.s. law. the privacy and data protection laws in the u.s. may not be equivalent to or adequate under the laws in your country of residence or from which you access this site. by visiting this site or by providing us with your personal information you consent to this collection, transfer, storage, and processing of information to and in the u.s. exclusions this privacy policy shall not apply to any unsolicited information you provide us through any of our websites or through other means. this includes, but is not limited to, information posted to any public areas of our website, such as bulletin boards (collectively, "public areas"), any ideas for new products or modifications to existing services, and other unsolicited submissions (collectively, "unsolicited information"), including all user content as that term is defined in our terms of use. all such unsolicited information shall be deemed to be non-confidential and we shall be free to reproduce, use, disclose, and distribute such unsolicited information to others without limitation or attribution. please also note that any personally identifiable information or other information you provide to be displayed in your publicly available online profile will be displayed for others to see and thus will not be subject to the terms of this privacy policy. we cannot and will not be responsible for what third parties do with any personally identifiable information or other information that you choose to make publicly available. as such, we advise that you exercise great care in determining what information you choose to make publicly available through our websites. policy changes please note: due to the rapidly changing nature of the internet, we may change this privacy policy from time to time based on your comments and our need to accurately reflect our data collection and disclosure practices. this privacy policy is effective as of october 5, 2016 and has not been revised in any material respect since such effective date. all changes to this privacy policy are effective immediately. in the event of any material changes to this privacy policy, we will notify users of our site of the change by providing an "updated as of" date on the "privacy policy" link on our website, which "updated as of" date will remain in the "privacy policy" link for a period of at least 30 days after the effectiveness of the changes. camping world appdownload now > sign up for email deals email address: submit i would like to receive email information from camping world and its affiliates. i would like to receive email information from camping world and its affiliates. i can withdraw my consent at any time. click here for a list of our affiliates and contact information. ? x camping world affiliates good sam club good sam insurance agency good sam life insurance central coast resorts good sam life & health good sam travelassist good sam roadside assistance good sam extended service plan rv loans motorhome rv.net trailer life good sam | camping world visa chair world email deals customer service frequently asked questions order status how to order printable order form about our prices gift cards about us our story affiliate program goodwill ambassadors ca supply chain disclosure become a vendor blog recent articles tips & tricks product reviews camping world news archives services good sam | camping world visa hard-to-find parts get a catalog our policies return policy shipping policy contact us good sam club camping world rv sales media room careers © 2017 cwi, inc. all rights reserved. terms of use privacy policy