来源URL: https://web.archive.org/web/20171223135409/http://www.campingworld.com/help/terms.cfm
================================================================================

site terms - camping world skip to main content toggle navigation search for rv & camping gear free shipping on orders of $99+ details on free shipping offer shop by department awnings, canopies& shade bikes, bike racks& carriers camping & tailgating chairs, recliners& patio mats covers & storage directories& memberships electronics, gps& satellites generators & electrical grills & picnic hardware, roof vents& fans indoor living outdoor living pet, training & feeders sewer, fresh water& cleaners towing, levels& chocks rv sales rv maintenance & repair good sam club & services sign in store locator contact us good sam club camping world rv sales media room careers customer service faq order status how to order printable order form about our prices gift cards about us our story affiliate program goodwill ambassadors ca supply chain disclosure become a vendor our policies return policy privacy policy shipping policy services good sam | camping world visa 1-888-626-7576 rv sales rv & outdoor gear rv maintenance & repair good sam club & services current offers new products clearance online specials current ads for customer service, call 1-888-626-7576 chat account find a store shop our departments appliances, a/c's & heaters awnings, canopies & shade bikes, bike racks & carriers camping & tailgating chairs, tables & patio mats covers & storage directories & memberships electronics, gps & satellites generators & electrical grills & picnic hardware, roof vents & fans indoor living marine & water sports outdoor living pet sewer, fresh water & cleaners towing, levels & chocks shop more appliances, a/c's & heaters air conditioners dish washing portable heaters & furnaces small appliances refrigerators washers & dryers vacuums and steam mops view all appliances, a/c's & heaters products shop our top brands dometic norcold camco kalorik icon technologies mr. heater maxi-matic equator advanced appliances howard berger westland best sellers save $192.71 advent air roof mount air conditioners with shroud save $22.98 brisk ii replacement shroud, polar white save $0.70 no-spill ice tray shop more awnings, canopies & shade rv awnings awning accessories canopies & shade awning rooms home awnings view all awnings, canopies & shade products shop our top brands carefree of colorado dometic lippert components inc direcsource ltd shelterlogic camco jr products heininger diamond awning pro-tech llc best sellers save $85.64 diamond group multicolor led light strip kit, 16-2/5’ save $83.53 ez zipblocker, 15' x 9' save $5.82 rv gutter extensions, 4-pack shop more bikes, bike racks & carriers bike accessories bikes motorcycle scooters & accessories view all bikes, bike racks & carriers products shop our top brands swagman dgl group adco direcsource ltd bell sports heininger best sellers save $100.00 m3 electric scooter save $5.00 folding bike carry bag save $87.02 xc hitch or bumper mount rack shop more camping & tailgating bags & packs camp cooking camping & tailgating gear clothing emergency preparedness equipment care footwear games & toys insect repellants & accs instruments & optics knives & tools lights paddlesports sleeping bags, cots & air beds tents travel view all camping & tailgating products shop our top brands earthletics/milestone clothing resources llc life is good k2 coolers, llc selk'bag usa inc dog is good coleman pahaque wilderness polar bear coolers coopersburg products llc ja-ru best sellers save $50.02 gray camo folding wagon save $2.00 kooler kube save $7.08 my everything bag shop more chairs, tables & patio mats chairs patio mats & rugs patio sets tables view all chairs, tables & patio mats products shop our top brands prest-o-fit direcsource ltd picnic time caravan canopy mings mark inc algoma net company lifetime kijaro jamberly grassworx best sellers save $24.35 patio mat, polypropylene, "home is where we park it," 8’ x 11’, brown/beige save $10.00 ming's mark reversible rv patio mat, 8' x 20', brown/gold art graphic save $3.08 clean machine shoe & boot shop more covers & storage cargo carriers & slideouts covers garages & car canopies view all covers & storage products shop our top brands elements covers adco classic accessories shelterlogic covercraft industries llc camco rv toy store hatchlift rightline gear stromberg carlson best sellers save $4.00 elements white tire cover pair, 27"-29" save $204.00 all climate wind designer series tyvek rv covers - class c, 26' - 29' save $12.02 class a mirror & wiper blade covers, set of 4 shop more directories & memberships directories & books magazines memberships view all directories & memberships products shop our top brands cq national geographic partners rv education 101 best sellers save $2.96 rand mcnally 2018 road atlas save $5.00 passport america - 1 year save $4.02 recipe rock shop more electronics, gps & satellites satellites & receivers gps & navigation antennas tvs & accessories thermometers portable audio mobile accessories radios view all electronics, gps & satellites products shop our top brands jensen and voyager winegard audiovox king pace international dpi inc roadpro la crosse rear view safety inc axess products corp best sellers save $41.20 dish vip 211z satellite television receiver save $30.00 dish playmaker portable satellite antenna save $10.00 tailgater or quest tripod shop more generators & electrical tri-fuel conversion kits lighting generators power protection solar 12 volt power batteries & accessories power converters power inverters power cords view all generators & electrical products shop our top brands diamond itc parkpower by marinco - drop ship smartplug systems llc camco blue sea systems inc rdk products power products llc dba parkpower by marinco uriah products llc osram sylvania inc best sellers save $13.70 easyid fuse kit save $4.70 led overhead light save $19.45 single battery disconnect switch shop more grills & picnic grills & accessories picnic view all grills & picnic products shop our top brands char-broil the fulham group direcsource ltd meco corp coleman mr bar-b-q weber magma harco incentives inc picnic time best sellers save $9.51 easy street table top electric bbq grill save $4.02 classic rving tablecloth save $20.99 weber q 1000 portable propane grill shop more hardware, roof vents & fans doors & window screens fans & vents propane & accessories rv cleaners & supplies rv replacement hardware rv roof maintenance & repair rv storage & maintenance view all hardware, roof vents & fans products shop our top brands rv designer icon technologies camco specialty recreation inc dometic optronics international llc thetford ap direcsource ltd titan fuel tanks best sellers save $0.90 replacement fan blade (jensen) save $4.18 rubber roof cleaner & conditioner, 64 oz save $5.92 dicor non-sag lap sealant - bright white shop more indoor living bath & laundry bedroom furniture kitchen living space view all indoor living products shop our top brands 3m interdesign direcsource ltd lippert components inc progressive international world kitchen llc fox run brands camco spectrum diversified designs rv designer best sellers save $1.00 remote holder, walnut save $385.04 modular theater seating save $0.70 no-spill ice tray shop more marine & water sports lake & pool leisure life jackets & vests marine & boat accessories tubes & towables water sports water toys view all marine & water sports products shop our top brands classic accessories coovy sports dba mycanoe best sellers save $29.00 fiji 2-person kayak save $33.58 stellex boat cover - 16'- 18.5', 98" beam save $45.00 tooner ii pontoon ladder shop more outdoor living atv & utv fire pits & patio heaters garden & patio accessories motorcycle patio decorations rv auto accessories steps & ladders tools & garage view all outdoor living products shop our top brands two group flag direcsource ltd stromberg carlson little giant ladder systems lippert components inc diamond esschert design usa oregon cordless products core distribution classic accessories best sellers save $35.02 endless summer portable outdoor propane firebowl save $85.64 diamond group multicolor led light strip kit, 16-2/5’ save $5.44 tire step shop more pet collars, leashes & harnesses pet food pet supplies pet apparel pet bowls & feeding supplies pet beds & carriers pet toys & games view all pet products shop our top brands direcsource ltd artvark pet products white bridge pet brands llc dba wagmore multipet international inc utm distributing dba booster bath creative pet group vip products llc covercraft industries llc k9 granola factory ark naturals best sellers save $10.02 etna portable pet steps save $25.02 direcsource ltd heavy-duty pet fence save $3.00 direcsource ltd foldable pet bed shop more sewer, fresh water & cleaners black water faucets & shower fresh water rv cleaners & supplies sewer chemicals sewer connection toilets view all sewer, fresh water & cleaners products shop our top brands valterra camco thetford icon technologies dometic suburban eccotemp lippert components inc prest-o-fit teknor apex best sellers save $4.18 rubber roof cleaner & conditioner, 64 oz save $63.08 dometic portable rv/marine toilet - 5 gallon, gray save $2.92 1 1/2" grey water waste valve body shop more towing, levels & chocks 5th wheel towing car towing trailer towing mirrors & backup systems jacks & leveling wheels & tire accessories hitching & towing shocks & stabilizers truck accessories engine & fuel performance view all towing, levels & chocks products shop our top brands united safety apparatus roadmaster cequent stromberg carlson hopkins pacbrake ultra-fab elements covers camco progress best sellers save $16.21 ultra stacker jacks, set of 4 save $5.44 tire step save $4.00 elements white tire cover pair, 27"-29" search for rv & camping gear search cart free shipping on orders of $99+ details on free shipping offer welcome to campingworld.com enter your email address tobecome part of our camping communityand begin receiving exclusive offers! email address i would like to receive email information from camping world and its affiliates. i would like to receive email information from camping world and its affiliates. 'good sam club''good sam insurance agency''good sam life insurance central''coast resorts''good sam life & health''good sam travelassist''good sam roadside assistance''good sam extended service plan''rv loans''motorhome''rv.net''trailer life''good sam | camping world visa''chair world' you can change your email preferences at any time no thanks we are hard at work building your new hometown outfitter. while our website is being created, our partner can get you the gear you need today. shop camping worldlearn more > terms of use 2016 by cwgs enterprises, llc use of any cwgs enterprises, llc web site or mobile app signifies your agreement to these terms of use. please read these terms carefully as they may affect your legal rights. in particular, please read the section titled governing law, venue and dispute resolution, which requires all disputes to be settled by individual binding arbitration. the following terms and conditions of use (“terms” or “terms of use”) are applicable to the websites and mobile apps operated by cwgs enterprises, llc, which includes the camping world and good sam family of companies (each, a “property,” collectively, the “properties”). hereafter in this documentation, cwgs enterprises, llc and its affiliates, partners, representatives, employees, and contractors will be referred to as “cwgs,” “us,” or “we.” certain services of the properties are provided to you in conjunction with our service providers, and their content providers, business partners and other parties (collectively, “service providers”). by using a property, you signify your assent to these terms of use. if you do not agree to these terms of use, please do not use or visit the property. we reserve the right, at our discretion, to change, modify, add, or remove portions of these terms at any time. please check these terms periodically for changes. your continued use of a property following the posting of changes to these terms of use (including the privacy policy) will constitute your acceptance to such changes. use of content the properties contain material, such as software, text, graphics, images, video, audio and other material (collectively, “content”). the content may be owned by us or may be provided through arrangements we have with others, including other users of the properties, our service providers and their respective partners, sponsors, or affiliates. the content is protected by copyright under both united states and foreign laws. unauthorized use of the content may violate copyright, trademark, and other laws. you have no rights in or to the content, and you may not use the content except as permitted under these terms of use. the properties are owned and operated by cwgs. no content from the properties may be copied, reproduced, modified, republished, uploaded, posted, transmitted, reprinted or distributed in any way without the expressed written permission of cwgs, except that you may download or print one copy of the materials on any single computer for your personal, noncommercial home use only, provided you keep intact all copyright and other proprietary notices. modification of the materials or use of the materials for any other purpose is a violation of cwgs’s copyright and other proprietary rights and may be subject to civil and/or criminal penalties. if you violate any part of these terms of use, your permission to access and/or use the content and properties automatically terminates and you must immediately destroy any copies you have made of the content. the properties are for personal use only and may not be used in connection with any commercial endeavors except those that are specifically authorized by cwgs. the following activities are expressly prohibited: (i) collecting usernames and/or email addresses of other users by electronic or other means for the purpose of sending unsolicited email or other communications, (ii) any use of the properties, which in cwgs’s sole judgment, degrades the reliability, speed, or operation of the properties or any underlying hardware or software thereof, and (iii) any use of the properties which is unlawful or in violation of these terms of use. public forums, communication and user content “public forum” means a chat area, bulletin board, weblog, blog, review section, posting or e-mail function offered as part of any property. the properties may now or in the future permit, via public forums or other means, the submission of content at the direction of users of the site (“user content”) and the hosting, sharing, and/or publishing of such user content. you shall be solely responsible for user content you submit and the consequences of cwgs’s or its service provider’s posting or publishing such user content. information, views and opinions expressed in public forums are the views of the person posting the message, do not necessarily reflect the views of cwgs and are not endorsed, supported, encouraged, sanctioned, verified or agreed upon by cwgs including, but not limited to any so-called “expert”, “moderator”, “blog-editor” or other individual functioning in a similar capacity. cwgs reserves the right to remove or edit content that we believe may be offensive to our audience and/or which violates our family-oriented standards. please be advised that because of real-time circumstance, these materials may not always be able to be removed or edited in a timely fashion. cwgs is not responsible for any unsolicited e-mail you may receive as a result of participating in any public forum. cwgs reserves the right to terminate your ability to access any of public forum for any reason and without notice. by communicating in any public forum, you hereby represent that you have all necessary rights in the user content, communications, or other information that you have provided, transmitted or sent to the public forum. by uploading user content to any public forum or submitting any materials to us, you automatically grant (or warrant that the owner of such rights has expressly granted) cwgs and its service providers a perpetual, worldwide, royalty-free, irrevocable, nonexclusive right and license to use, reproduce, modify, display, adapt, publish, translate, create derivative works from and distribute such materials or incorporate such materials into any form, medium, or technology now known or later developed throughout the universe. in addition to the foregoing licenses, you hereby grant both cwgs and its service providers a perpetual, worldwide, royalty-free, irrevocable, nonexclusive right and license to use, reproduce, modify, display, adapt, publish, translate, create derivative works from and distribute such materials in connection with other websites that make use of services provided by cwgs’s service providers. you warrant that all so-called “moral rights” in those materials have been waived. in connection with user content, you further agree that you will not: (i) submit material that is copyrighted, protected by trade secret or otherwise subject to third party proprietary rights, including privacy and publicity rights, unless you are the owner of such rights or have permission from their rightful owner to post the material and to grant us and our service provider all of the license rights granted herein; (ii) publish falsehoods or misrepresentations that could damage us or any third party; (iii) submit material that is unlawful, obscene, defamatory, libelous, threatening, pornographic, harassing, hateful, racially or ethnically offensive, or encourages conduct that would be considered a criminal offense, give rise to civil liability, violate any law, or is otherwise inappropriate; (iv) post advertisements or solicitations of business; or (v) impersonate another person. without limitation of the foregoing, cwgs does not assume responsibility or liability for the materials found in any public forum, nor for any claims, damages or losses resulting from any use of any public forum or the materials contained therein. third party products, advice and services we are not responsible for examining or evaluating any products, advice or services offered by any third parties whose icons, products, advice, services or hyperlinks appear on the site. we make no representations, warranties or conditions regarding the offerings of any third party. further, we do not assume any responsibility or liability for the products, advice, services and actions of any third parties. you understand that the purchase, payment, warranty, guarantee, delivery, maintenance and all other matters concerning the merchandise, services or information ordered or received from a third party is solely between you and the third party. we do not endorse, warrant or guarantee such products, advice information or services and are not liable for the accuracy, completeness or usefulness of such information or the quality or availability of such products, advice or services. you further understand that we will not be a party to or in any way be responsible for monitoring any transaction between you and a third party. as with any monetary endeavor, before purchasing goods or services from any third party, you should verify with the seller any and all information (particularly the price) that impacts your decision to make a purchase. you should use your best judgment and exercise caution when purchasing a product from a third party. we are not involved in any actual transaction between any site user (including any so-called "expert", "moderator", "blog-editor" or the like) and third party, nor are we the agent of either for any purpose. as such, we will not be involved in resolving any disputes between any site user and third party relating to or arising out of any transaction between such parties. we urge site users and third parties to cooperate with one another to resolve any such disputes. copyright infrintement notifications if you are a copyright holder and believe that material directly available via the properties infringes your copyrighted work, please let us know by sending a notice with the following information addressed to [email protected] or at the address below: the copyright work alleged to have been infringed; the allegedly infringing material and information reasonably sufficient to help us locate the material on the properties; your contact information, including at least your complete name, address, phone number and e-mail address; a statement that you have a good faith belief that use of the copyrighted material in the manner complained of is not authorized by the copyright owner, its agent or the law; a statement that the information in your notice is accurate, and under penalty of perjury, that you are authorized to act on behalf of the copyright owner; and your physical or electronic signature. third party products, advice and services we are not responsible for examining or evaluating any products, advice or services offered by any third parties whose icons, products, advice, services or hyperlinks appear on or through the properties. we make no representations, warranties or conditions regarding the offerings of any third party. further, we do not assume any responsibility or liability for the products, advice, services and actions of any third parties. you understand that the purchase, payment, warranty, guarantee, delivery, maintenance and all other matters concerning the merchandise, services or information ordered or received from a third party is solely between you and the third party. we do not endorse, warrant or guarantee such products, advice information or services and are not liable for the accuracy, completeness or usefulness of such information or the quality or availability of such products, advice or services. you further understand that we will not be a party to or in any way be responsible for monitoring any transaction between you and a third party. as with any monetary endeavor, before purchasing goods or services from any third party, you should verify with the seller any and all information (particularly the price) that impacts your decision to make a purchase. you should use your best judgment and exercise caution when purchasing a product from a third party. we provide links to third party direction, location and map services solely as a convenience to our users, which are intended to be used solely for informational purposes. we make no warranties on the accuracy of their content, route usability, expeditiousness or road conditions (including whether there are obstructions, like tunnels or bridges that may inhibit certain vehicles from safely using a particular route.) you assume all risk of use. cwgs and its suppliers shall not be liable to you or any other person for any loss, damage or delay resulting from your use of these third party services. we are not involved in any actual transaction between any user (including any so-called “expert”, “moderator”, “blog-editor” or the like) and third party, nor are we the agent of either for any purpose. as such, we will not be involved in resolving any disputes between any user and third party relating to or arising out of any transaction between such parties. we urge users and third parties to cooperate with one another to resolve any such disputes. disclaimers merchant and service availability, price and time-related information appearing on the properties are subject to change. cwgs is not responsible for any such changes and advises you to confirm all specific terms appearing on the or through the properties before acting in reliance on such terms. third-party products and services represented on any property are not necessarily endorsed or recommended by cwgs and cwgs disclaims all responsibility regarding the performance or the use of third-party products and services. cwgs does not necessarily endorse or sanction the content, products or actions of websites that are linked to or from the properties. trailer weight rating information is for informational purposes, only. read the operator’s manual for your tow vehicle and trailer before purchasing or towing a trailer. additional equipment or special packages may be required by the manufacturer to achieve the trailer weight rating. state law may also require purchase of tow brakes or other safety equipment. the trailer weight ratings are compiled from data released by manufacturers and may vary based on your specific make, model, and optional packages, may contain inaccuracies, and may change from time to time. while we do our best to keep this information up-to-date and correct, we do not represent or warranty the accuracy, completeness, or reliability of this data. you are responsible for your purchase and operation of your tow vehicle and/or trailer. the materials on and available through the properties are provided “as is” and without warranties of any kind either express or implied. to the fullest extent permissible pursuant to applicable law, cwgs disclaims all warranties, express or implied, including, but not limited to, implied warranties of merchantability and fitness for a particular purpose. cwgs does not warrant that the functions contained on and available through the properties will be uninterrupted or error-free, that defects will be corrected, or that the properties or the server that makes them available are free of viruses or other harmful components. cwgs does not warrant or make any representations regarding the use or the results of the use of the materials in and available through the properties in terms of their correctness, accuracy, reliability, or otherwise. you (and not cwgs) assume the entire cost of all necessary servicing, repair, or correction. applicable law may not allow the exclusion of implied warranties, so the above exclusion may not apply to you. indemnity and limitation of liability you agree to indemnify and hold cwgs (and its officers, directors, employees, agents and representatives) harmless against all claims, liabilities, losses, penalties, expenses, damages and costs, including reasonable attorneys’ fees, resulting from or relating to your use of and access to the properties. under no circumstances, including, but not limited to, negligence, shall cwgs be liable for any special or consequential damages that result from the use of, or the inability to use, the materials in and available through the properties, even if cwgs or a cwgs authorized representative has been advised of the possibility of such damages. applicable law may not allow the limitation or exclusion of liability or incidental or consequential damages, so the above limitation or exclusion may not apply to you. in no event shall cwgs’s total liability to you for all damages, losses, and causes of action (whether in contract, tort (including, but not limited to, negligence), or otherwise) exceed the amount paid by you, if any, for accessing the properties. trademarks the camping world marks, good sam marks and freedomroads marks depicted herein are owned by cwi, inc., good sam enterprises, llc and freedomroads, llc respectively.  all other trademarks and service marks depicted herein are owned by their respective owners. duplication, tampering or unauthorized use in any way of any cwgs enterprises, llc trademarks is prohibited and offenders may be subject to fines and civil and/or criminal prosecution. governing law, venue and dispute resolution these terms will be governed by the laws of the state of illinois, united states, without regard to conflict-of-law principles. you agree that resolution of any dispute or claim arising out of or related to these terms shall be subject to the exclusive jurisdiction and venue in the state and federal courts in lake county, illinois. if you believe you have a dispute or claim against us arising out of your use of the properties or under these terms, you agree to first discuss the matter informally with us for at least 30 days. to do that, you must give us written notice, which will include your full name and contact information, the nature and basis giving rise to your dispute or claim and your proposed resolution, sent to the address below, attn: legal department. if we are unable to resolve your concerns informally within 30 days after our receipt of your notice, you may file a claim in small claims court so long as you proceed only on an individual basis or commence an arbitration proceeding, which means you are agreeing to waive your right to sue in court, have a jury trial and lead or participate in a class action. the arbitration will be conducted under the commercial arbitration rules of the american arbitration association (“aaa”). for the avoidance of doubt, you agree that you may only bring claims against cwgs in your individual capacity and not as a class member or in any representative capacity or proceeding. further, you agree that no arbitrator shall consolidate any other person’s claims with your claims and may not otherwise preside over any form of a multi-party or class proceeding. you agree that the award of the arbitrator will be binding and may be entered as a judgment in any court of competent jurisdiction in the state of illinois. you agree that we may seek interim or preliminary relief from a court of competent jurisdiction in illinois, necessary to protect its rights or property pending the completion of arbitration. you must file a demand for arbitration with the aaa within one (1) year after the date your claim arose, or within the shortest time period permitted by applicable law. otherwise, your claim is waived. international users and visitors if you are accessing or using any of the properties from a jurisdiction outside of the united states, you understand and agree that such access and use shall be governed by these terms and united states law. miscellaneous by using our properties you represent and warrant that you are 13 years of age or older. your account may be terminated without warning if we believe that you are under 13 years of age. by joining good sam club and/or other cwgs-sponsored membership clubs, you agree and acknowledge that we may recognize your membership among our affiliated companies and on our properties. for example, if you are a member of good sam club and have also joined the rv.net forum, we will indicate that you are a good sam club member by displaying a “good sam” icon by your user name whenever you post content to an rv.net forum. if you would like to remove the good sam club icon in relation to your forum posts, you may do so in your forum account in the “my profile” section. if any provision of these terms shall be unlawful, void, or for any reason unenforceable, then that provision shall be deemed severable from these terms and shall not affect the validity and enforceability of any remaining provisions. this terms of use is the entire agreement between us relating to the subject matter herein and shall not be modified except in writing, signed by both parties. these terms may be subject to change; the result of any change will be reflected on these pages. cwgs enterprises, llcpo box 6888englewood, co 80155-6888800-234-3450 [email protected] last updated 10/05/2016 camping world appdownload now > sign up for email deals email address: submit i would like to receive email information from camping world and its affiliates. i would like to receive email information from camping world and its affiliates. i can withdraw my consent at any time. click here for a list of our affiliates and contact information. ? x camping world affiliates good sam club good sam insurance agency good sam life insurance central coast resorts good sam life & health good sam travelassist good sam roadside assistance good sam extended service plan rv loans motorhome rv.net trailer life good sam | camping world visa chair world email deals customer service frequently asked questions order status how to order printable order form about our prices gift cards about us our story affiliate program goodwill ambassadors ca supply chain disclosure become a vendor blog recent articles tips & tricks product reviews camping world news archives services good sam | camping world visa hard-to-find parts get a catalog our policies return policy shipping policy contact us good sam club camping world rv sales media room careers © 2017 cwi, inc. all rights reserved. terms of use privacy policy