来源URL: https://web.archive.org/web/20181123173817/https://www.campingworld.com/help/terms.cfm
================================================================================

site terms - camping world skip to main content toggle navigation shop by department inside rv outside rv maintain your rv electronics auto, stabilization & performance hitch & tow outdoor camping covers generators lifestyle parts rv sales rv maintenance & repair good sam club & services sign in store locator contact us good sam club camping world rv sales media room careers customer service faq order status how to order printable order form about our prices gift cards about us our story affiliate program goodwill ambassadors ca supply chain disclosure become a vendor our policies return policy privacy policy shipping policy services good sam | camping world visa 1-888-626-7576 search for rv & camping gear rv sales rv & outdoor gear rv maintenance & repair good sam club & services overton's marine & watersports 1-888-626-7576 account find a store search for rv & camping gear cart cart all departments inside rv inside rv categories rv furniture rv furniture sub-categories recliners, swivels & gliders other chairs sofas furniture covers indoor tables storage ottomans furniture accessories a/c's & heaters a/c's & heaters sub-categories air conditioners & accessories indoor heaters & furnaces portable fans rv appliances rv appliances sub-categories large appliances small appliances vacuum & steam mops bath bath sub-categories bathroom fixtures bathroom accessories & storage bathroom supplies kitchen & dining kitchen & dining sub-categories cookware small appliances kitchen utensils & tools dinnerware & placemats flatware & cutlery food storage kitchen organization & storage kitchen linens & liners kitchen floor mats kitchen fixtures kitchen cleaning & air fresheners bar & wine bedroom bedroom sub-categories mattresses mattress pads & toppers sheets comforters, blankets & throws bed ladders, rails & accessories pillows bedroom & closet storage laundry laundry sub-categories drying racks hampers & baskets laundry supplies window treatments window treatments sub-categories blinds & shades draperies & curtains window coverings hardware home decor home decor sub-categories adhesive hooks & hangers over door & key racks wall art decorative lamps clocks holiday decor frames coasters other decor indoor lighting indoor lighting sub-categories lighting led lighting light switches & dimmers indoor electrical indoor electrical sub-categories power converters & chargers power inverters floor coverings floor coverings sub-categories interior rugs runners accent rugs doormats kitchen floor mats pads storage storage sub-categories storage boxes collapsible storage tool boxes & storage bedroom & closet storage inside rv best sellers outside rv outside rv categories chairs, rockers & recliners chairs, rockers & recliners sub-categories director's chairs rockers folding & bag chairs recliners hanging chairs & hammocks kids, boosters & high chairs ottomans & chair accessories patio mats & step rugs patio mats & step rugs sub-categories patio mats step rugs awnings, canopies & shades awnings, canopies & shades sub-categories rv awnings canopies & shades home awnings garages & car canopies rv roof vents & fans rv roof vents & fans sub-categories ceiling fans roof vents & fans vent covers fan & vent accessories grills & picnic grills & picnic sub-categories grills picnic outdoor electrical outdoor electrical sub-categories solar electrical hardware power protection power protection sub-categories voltage management surge protection electrical monitors & testers air conditioners & accessories air conditioners & accessories sub-categories air conditioners shrouds thermostats air distribution & assemblies air conditioner covers other ac parts & accessories tables tables sub-categories folding tables side tables cooking tables picnic tables table legs & bases fire pits & patio heaters fire pits & patio heaters sub-categories fire pits patio heaters outdoor fireplaces patio & garden patio & garden sub-categories rv patio awnings patio furniture patio lights doormats fire pits & patio heaters patio decor outdoor lighting outdoor lighting sub-categories outdoor fixtures bulbs patio lights led fixtures led bulbs light switches & dimmers tools, ramps & ladders tools, ramps & ladders sub-categories tools steps & ladders ramps garage accessories & floor mats storage bikes & scooters bikes & scooters sub-categories bikes scooters racks & carriers bike accessories outside rv best sellers maintain your rv maintain your rv categories sewer sewer sub-categories black water sewer connection sewer chemicals toilets winterizing fresh water fresh water sub-categories fresh water pumps & accessories fresh water tanks & accessories fresh water hoses regulators, reels & fittings water filtration fresheners & softeners water heaters water heater parts & accessories shower kitchen faucets bathroom faucets rv roof vents & fans rv roof vents & fans sub-categories ceiling fans roof vents & fans vent covers fan & vent accessories rv hardware, maintenance & repair rv hardware, maintenance & repair sub-categories door & window rv interior hardware rv exterior hardware rv cleaners & supplies repair & maintenance led lighting storage bays storage propane propane sub-categories propane hoses & adapters propane cylinders propane alarms & detectors propane tank covers propane accessories tools, ramps & ladders tools, ramps & ladders sub-categories tools steps & ladders ramps garage accessories & floor mats storage batteries batteries sub-categories alkaline batteries automotive & rv batteries battery chargers jump starters battery boxes, trays & tie downs battery cleaners & protectants fuses battery parts & accessories maintain your rv best sellers electronics electronics categories satellites & receivers satellites & receivers sub-categories receivers satellite antennas satellite & receiver accessories gps & navigation gps & navigation sub-categories gps units gps accessories backup systems & accessories wifi systems & cell phone boosters antennas antennas sub-categories television antennas antenna accessories alarms alarms sub-categories security fire alarms carbon monoxide propane alarms & detectors audio & video audio & video sub-categories tv's & dvd players radio stereos & speakers mobile accessories cord organization electric thermometers tire pressure monitoring systems electronics best sellers auto, stabilization & performance auto, stabilization & performance categories jacks, leveling & chocks jacks, leveling & chocks sub-categories levels & leveling systems chocks stabilizing jacks tongue jacks jack accessories shocks & stabilizers shocks & stabilizers sub-categories stabilizing jacks shocks steering stabilizers swaybar stabilizers stabilizer mounting hardware air spring & suspension products wheel & tire accessories wheel & tire accessories sub-categories tire pressure monitoring systems air compressors wheels & wheel covers tire covers tire gauges tire inflators tire valves & caps other tire accessories brakes automotive parts & fluids automotive parts & fluids sub-categories sensors & monitors fuel additives & efficiency engine performance & additives air filters & spark plugs automotive & rv batteries jump starters automotive accessories automotive accessories sub-categories cargo carriers horns windshield wipers light bars bed boxes & fuel tanks truck steps trailer wind deflectors tie downs & bungee cords interior accessories & organization automotive replacement bulbs other automotive accessories auto, stabilization & performance best sellers hitch & tow hitch & tow categories trailer towing trailer towing sub-categories ball mounts & hitch balls electric connections sway controls high low drop hitches hitch & trailer locks trailer wind deflectors brake controls hitch receivers hitch covers towing accessories weight distribution hitches hitches hitches sub-categories gooseneck hitches 5th wheel hitches high low drop hitches hitch bars ball mounts & hitch balls weight distribution hitches 5th wheel towing 5th wheel towing sub-categories 5th wheel hitches 5th wheel king pin boxes 5th wheel vent tail gates 5th wheel hitch accessories backup systems & accessories vehicle towing vehicle towing sub-categories tow bars & brackets tow dollies & accessories wiring kits & safety cables rock guards high low drop hitches tow car brakes & accessories car towing accessories tow mirrors hitch & tow best sellers outdoor camping outdoor camping categories chairs, rockers & recliners chairs, rockers & recliners sub-categories director's chairs rockers folding & bag chairs recliners hanging chairs & hammocks kids, boosters & high chairs ottomans & chair accessories camp kitchen camp kitchen sub-categories pots & pans dutch ovens camp cookers grills skillets & griddles utensils lighters insect screens food & water tents & canopies tents & canopies sub-categories camping tents truck tents instant canopies & shelters tent accessories sleeping bags, cots & air beds sleeping bags, cots & air beds sub-categories sleeping bags pads, cots & air beds coolers coolers sub-categories soft sided coolers hard sided coolers novelty ice chests cooler accessories wagons & carts flashlights & lanterns flashlights & lanterns sub-categories flashlights headlamps lanterns spotlights fire pits & patio heaters fire pits & patio heaters sub-categories fire pits patio heaters outdoor fireplaces insect control & repellant insect control & repellant sub-categories torches, lanterns & candles traps zappers sprays other repellants & refills camp tools camp tools sub-categories axes & knives campfire camp optics camp equipment emergency preparedness emergency preparedness sub-categories first aid survival & rescue bags & packs bags & packs sub-categories backpacks luggage totes outdoor camping best sellers covers covers categories rv covers propane tank covers generator covers vehicle & powersport covers tire covers window covers rv accessories covers motorcycle covers rv wind skirts covers best sellers generators generators categories portable generators generator covers generator parts & accessories generators best sellers lifestyle lifestyle categories pet pet sub-categories fences, gates & containment pet steps & ramps collars, leashes & harnesses pet apparel pet furniture & covers bowls & feeders pet food pet grooming waste management pet training pet toys on the water on the water sub-categories lake & pool leisure waterskis boats, kayaks & canoes kneeboards wakeboards towable tubes life jackets & vests boating & marine anchor & docking tailgating tailgating sub-categories grills picnic tables chairs, rockers & recliners outdoor games apparel & footwear apparel & footwear sub-categories men's apparel & footwear women's apparel & footwear children's apparel eyewear good sam gear games & toys games & toys sub-categories board games & puzzles card games outdoor games & playground toys memberships books & directories books & directories sub-categories maps atlas travel books cookbooks magazines logs & journals dvds directories reading aids health & fitness health & fitness sub-categories fitness health lifestyle best sellers deals new products clearance online specials current ads members-only specials *click for details on free shipping offer> details on free shipping offer terms of use 2016 by cwgs enterprises, llc use of any cwgs enterprises, llc web site or mobile app signifies your agreement to these terms of use. please read these terms carefully as they may affect your legal rights. in particular, please read the section titled governing law, venue and dispute resolution, which requires all disputes to be settled by individual binding arbitration. the following terms and conditions of use (“terms” or “terms of use”) are applicable to the websites and mobile apps operated by cwgs enterprises, llc, which includes the camping world and good sam family of companies (each, a “property,” collectively, the “properties”). hereafter in this documentation, cwgs enterprises, llc and its affiliates, partners, representatives, employees, and contractors will be referred to as “cwgs,” “us,” or “we.” certain services of the properties are provided to you in conjunction with our service providers, and their content providers, business partners and other parties (collectively, “service providers”). by using a property, you signify your assent to these terms of use. if you do not agree to these terms of use, please do not use or visit the property. we reserve the right, at our discretion, to change, modify, add, or remove portions of these terms at any time. please check these terms periodically for changes. your continued use of a property following the posting of changes to these terms of use (including the privacy policy) will constitute your acceptance to such changes. use of content the properties contain material, such as software, text, graphics, images, video, audio and other material (collectively, “content”). the content may be owned by us or may be provided through arrangements we have with others, including other users of the properties, our service providers and their respective partners, sponsors, or affiliates. the content is protected by copyright under both united states and foreign laws. unauthorized use of the content may violate copyright, trademark, and other laws. you have no rights in or to the content, and you may not use the content except as permitted under these terms of use. the properties are owned and operated by cwgs. no content from the properties may be copied, reproduced, modified, republished, uploaded, posted, transmitted, reprinted or distributed in any way without the expressed written permission of cwgs, except that you may download or print one copy of the materials on any single computer for your personal, noncommercial home use only, provided you keep intact all copyright and other proprietary notices. modification of the materials or use of the materials for any other purpose is a violation of cwgs’s copyright and other proprietary rights and may be subject to civil and/or criminal penalties. if you violate any part of these terms of use, your permission to access and/or use the content and properties automatically terminates and you must immediately destroy any copies you have made of the content. the properties are for personal use only and may not be used in connection with any commercial endeavors except those that are specifically authorized by cwgs. the following activities are expressly prohibited: (i) collecting usernames and/or email addresses of other users by electronic or other means for the purpose of sending unsolicited email or other communications, (ii) any use of the properties, which in cwgs’s sole judgment, degrades the reliability, speed, or operation of the properties or any underlying hardware or software thereof, and (iii) any use of the properties which is unlawful or in violation of these terms of use. public forums, communication and user content “public forum” means a chat area, bulletin board, weblog, blog, review section, posting or e-mail function offered as part of any property. the properties may now or in the future permit, via public forums or other means, the submission of content at the direction of users of the site (“user content”) and the hosting, sharing, and/or publishing of such user content. you shall be solely responsible for user content you submit and the consequences of cwgs’s or its service provider’s posting or publishing such user content. information, views and opinions expressed in public forums are the views of the person posting the message, do not necessarily reflect the views of cwgs and are not endorsed, supported, encouraged, sanctioned, verified or agreed upon by cwgs including, but not limited to any so-called “expert”, “moderator”, “blog-editor” or other individual functioning in a similar capacity. cwgs reserves the right to remove or edit content that we believe may be offensive to our audience and/or which violates our family-oriented standards. please be advised that because of real-time circumstance, these materials may not always be able to be removed or edited in a timely fashion. cwgs is not responsible for any unsolicited e-mail you may receive as a result of participating in any public forum. cwgs reserves the right to terminate your ability to access any of public forum for any reason and without notice. by communicating in any public forum, you hereby represent that you have all necessary rights in the user content, communications, or other information that you have provided, transmitted or sent to the public forum. by uploading user content to any public forum or submitting any materials to us, you automatically grant (or warrant that the owner of such rights has expressly granted) cwgs and its service providers a perpetual, worldwide, royalty-free, irrevocable, nonexclusive right and license to use, reproduce, modify, display, adapt, publish, translate, create derivative works from and distribute such materials or incorporate such materials into any form, medium, or technology now known or later developed throughout the universe. in addition to the foregoing licenses, you hereby grant both cwgs and its service providers a perpetual, worldwide, royalty-free, irrevocable, nonexclusive right and license to use, reproduce, modify, display, adapt, publish, translate, create derivative works from and distribute such materials in connection with other websites that make use of services provided by cwgs’s service providers. you warrant that all so-called “moral rights” in those materials have been waived. in connection with user content, you further agree that you will not: (i) submit material that is copyrighted, protected by trade secret or otherwise subject to third party proprietary rights, including privacy and publicity rights, unless you are the owner of such rights or have permission from their rightful owner to post the material and to grant us and our service provider all of the license rights granted herein; (ii) publish falsehoods or misrepresentations that could damage us or any third party; (iii) submit material that is unlawful, obscene, defamatory, libelous, threatening, pornographic, harassing, hateful, racially or ethnically offensive, or encourages conduct that would be considered a criminal offense, give rise to civil liability, violate any law, or is otherwise inappropriate; (iv) post advertisements or solicitations of business; or (v) impersonate another person. without limitation of the foregoing, cwgs does not assume responsibility or liability for the materials found in any public forum, nor for any claims, damages or losses resulting from any use of any public forum or the materials contained therein. third party products, advice and services we are not responsible for examining or evaluating any products, advice or services offered by any third parties whose icons, products, advice, services or hyperlinks appear on the site. we make no representations, warranties or conditions regarding the offerings of any third party. further, we do not assume any responsibility or liability for the products, advice, services and actions of any third parties. you understand that the purchase, payment, warranty, guarantee, delivery, maintenance and all other matters concerning the merchandise, services or information ordered or received from a third party is solely between you and the third party. we do not endorse, warrant or guarantee such products, advice information or services and are not liable for the accuracy, completeness or usefulness of such information or the quality or availability of such products, advice or services. you further understand that we will not be a party to or in any way be responsible for monitoring any transaction between you and a third party. as with any monetary endeavor, before purchasing goods or services from any third party, you should verify with the seller any and all information (particularly the price) that impacts your decision to make a purchase. you should use your best judgment and exercise caution when purchasing a product from a third party. we are not involved in any actual transaction between any site user (including any so-called "expert", "moderator", "blog-editor" or the like) and third party, nor are we the agent of either for any purpose. as such, we will not be involved in resolving any disputes between any site user and third party relating to or arising out of any transaction between such parties. we urge site users and third parties to cooperate with one another to resolve any such disputes. copyright infrintement notifications if you are a copyright holder and believe that material directly available via the properties infringes your copyrighted work, please let us know by sending a notice with the following information addressed to [email protected] or at the address below: the copyright work alleged to have been infringed; the allegedly infringing material and information reasonably sufficient to help us locate the material on the properties; your contact information, including at least your complete name, address, phone number and e-mail address; a statement that you have a good faith belief that use of the copyrighted material in the manner complained of is not authorized by the copyright owner, its agent or the law; a statement that the information in your notice is accurate, and under penalty of perjury, that you are authorized to act on behalf of the copyright owner; and your physical or electronic signature. third party products, advice and services we are not responsible for examining or evaluating any products, advice or services offered by any third parties whose icons, products, advice, services or hyperlinks appear on or through the properties. we make no representations, warranties or conditions regarding the offerings of any third party. further, we do not assume any responsibility or liability for the products, advice, services and actions of any third parties. you understand that the purchase, payment, warranty, guarantee, delivery, maintenance and all other matters concerning the merchandise, services or information ordered or received from a third party is solely between you and the third party. we do not endorse, warrant or guarantee such products, advice information or services and are not liable for the accuracy, completeness or usefulness of such information or the quality or availability of such products, advice or services. you further understand that we will not be a party to or in any way be responsible for monitoring any transaction between you and a third party. as with any monetary endeavor, before purchasing goods or services from any third party, you should verify with the seller any and all information (particularly the price) that impacts your decision to make a purchase. you should use your best judgment and exercise caution when purchasing a product from a third party. we provide links to third party direction, location and map services solely as a convenience to our users, which are intended to be used solely for informational purposes. we make no warranties on the accuracy of their content, route usability, expeditiousness or road conditions (including whether there are obstructions, like tunnels or bridges that may inhibit certain vehicles from safely using a particular route.) you assume all risk of use. cwgs and its suppliers shall not be liable to you or any other person for any loss, damage or delay resulting from your use of these third party services. we are not involved in any actual transaction between any user (including any so-called “expert”, “moderator”, “blog-editor” or the like) and third party, nor are we the agent of either for any purpose. as such, we will not be involved in resolving any disputes between any user and third party relating to or arising out of any transaction between such parties. we urge users and third parties to cooperate with one another to resolve any such disputes. disclaimers merchant and service availability, price and time-related information appearing on the properties are subject to change. cwgs is not responsible for any such changes and advises you to confirm all specific terms appearing on the or through the properties before acting in reliance on such terms. third-party products and services represented on any property are not necessarily endorsed or recommended by cwgs and cwgs disclaims all responsibility regarding the performance or the use of third-party products and services. cwgs does not necessarily endorse or sanction the content, products or actions of websites that are linked to or from the properties. trailer weight rating information is for informational purposes, only. read the operator’s manual for your tow vehicle and trailer before purchasing or towing a trailer. additional equipment or special packages may be required by the manufacturer to achieve the trailer weight rating. state law may also require purchase of tow brakes or other safety equipment. the trailer weight ratings are compiled from data released by manufacturers and may vary based on your specific make, model, and optional packages, may contain inaccuracies, and may change from time to time. while we do our best to keep this information up-to-date and correct, we do not represent or warranty the accuracy, completeness, or reliability of this data. you are responsible for your purchase and operation of your tow vehicle and/or trailer. the materials on and available through the properties are provided “as is” and without warranties of any kind either express or implied. to the fullest extent permissible pursuant to applicable law, cwgs disclaims all warranties, express or implied, including, but not limited to, implied warranties of merchantability and fitness for a particular purpose. cwgs does not warrant that the functions contained on and available through the properties will be uninterrupted or error-free, that defects will be corrected, or that the properties or the server that makes them available are free of viruses or other harmful components. cwgs does not warrant or make any representations regarding the use or the results of the use of the materials in and available through the properties in terms of their correctness, accuracy, reliability, or otherwise. you (and not cwgs) assume the entire cost of all necessary servicing, repair, or correction. applicable law may not allow the exclusion of implied warranties, so the above exclusion may not apply to you. indemnity and limitation of liability you agree to indemnify and hold cwgs (and its officers, directors, employees, agents and representatives) harmless against all claims, liabilities, losses, penalties, expenses, damages and costs, including reasonable attorneys’ fees, resulting from or relating to your use of and access to the properties. under no circumstances, including, but not limited to, negligence, shall cwgs be liable for any special or consequential damages that result from the use of, or the inability to use, the materials in and available through the properties, even if cwgs or a cwgs authorized representative has been advised of the possibility of such damages. applicable law may not allow the limitation or exclusion of liability or incidental or consequential damages, so the above limitation or exclusion may not apply to you. in no event shall cwgs’s total liability to you for all damages, losses, and causes of action (whether in contract, tort (including, but not limited to, negligence), or otherwise) exceed the amount paid by you, if any, for accessing the properties. trademarks the camping world marks, good sam marks and freedomroads marks depicted herein are owned by cwi, inc., good sam enterprises, llc and freedomroads, llc respectively.  all other trademarks and service marks depicted herein are owned by their respective owners. duplication, tampering or unauthorized use in any way of any cwgs enterprises, llc trademarks is prohibited and offenders may be subject to fines and civil and/or criminal prosecution. governing law, venue and dispute resolution these terms will be governed by the laws of the state of illinois, united states, without regard to conflict-of-law principles. you agree that resolution of any dispute or claim arising out of or related to these terms shall be subject to the exclusive jurisdiction and venue in the state and federal courts in lake county, illinois. if you believe you have a dispute or claim against us arising out of your use of the properties or under these terms, you agree to first discuss the matter informally with us for at least 30 days. to do that, you must give us written notice, which will include your full name and contact information, the nature and basis giving rise to your dispute or claim and your proposed resolution, sent to the address below, attn: legal department. if we are unable to resolve your concerns informally within 30 days after our receipt of your notice, you may file a claim in small claims court so long as you proceed only on an individual basis or commence an arbitration proceeding, which means you are agreeing to waive your right to sue in court, have a jury trial and lead or participate in a class action. the arbitration will be conducted under the commercial arbitration rules of the american arbitration association (“aaa”). for the avoidance of doubt, you agree that you may only bring claims against cwgs in your individual capacity and not as a class member or in any representative capacity or proceeding. further, you agree that no arbitrator shall consolidate any other person’s claims with your claims and may not otherwise preside over any form of a multi-party or class proceeding. you agree that the award of the arbitrator will be binding and may be entered as a judgment in any court of competent jurisdiction in the state of illinois. you agree that we may seek interim or preliminary relief from a court of competent jurisdiction in illinois, necessary to protect its rights or property pending the completion of arbitration. you must file a demand for arbitration with the aaa within one (1) year after the date your claim arose, or within the shortest time period permitted by applicable law. otherwise, your claim is waived. international users and visitors if you are accessing or using any of the properties from a jurisdiction outside of the united states, you understand and agree that such access and use shall be governed by these terms and united states law. miscellaneous by using our properties you represent and warrant that you are 13 years of age or older. your account may be terminated without warning if we believe that you are under 13 years of age. by joining good sam club and/or other cwgs-sponsored membership clubs, you agree and acknowledge that we may recognize your membership among our affiliated companies and on our properties. for example, if you are a member of good sam club and have also joined the rv.net forum, we will indicate that you are a good sam club member by displaying a “good sam” icon by your user name whenever you post content to an rv.net forum. if you would like to remove the good sam club icon in relation to your forum posts, you may do so in your forum account in the “my profile” section. if any provision of these terms shall be unlawful, void, or for any reason unenforceable, then that provision shall be deemed severable from these terms and shall not affect the validity and enforceability of any remaining provisions. this terms of use is the entire agreement between us relating to the subject matter herein and shall not be modified except in writing, signed by both parties. these terms may be subject to change; the result of any change will be reflected on these pages. cwgs enterprises, llcpo box 6888englewood, co 80155-6888800-234-3450 [email protected] last updated 10/05/2016 have a question? chat now sign up for email deals email address: submit i would like to receive email information from camping world and its affiliates. i would like to receive email information from camping world and its affiliates. i can withdraw my consent at any time. click here for a list of our affiliates and contact information. ? good sam club, good sam insurance agency, good sam life insurance central, coast resorts, good sam life & health, good sam travelassist, good sam roadside assistance, good sam extended service plan, rv loans, motorhome, rv.net, trailer life, good sam | camping world visa email deals customer service frequently asked questions order status how to order printable order form about our prices gift cards about us our story affiliate program goodwill ambassadors ca supply chain disclosure marcus buy it blog rv basics stories from the road at the campsite services good sam rewards visa® hard-to-find parts get a catalog our policies return policy shipping policy contact us good sam club camping world rv sales media room careers © 2018 cwi, inc. all rights reserved. privacy policy terms of use