来源URL: https://web.archive.org/web/20191229233513/https://www.campingworld.com/privacyPolicy.html
================================================================================

privacy policy | camping world our locations are open! we are also offering a new curbside pickup program at our locations for your convenience. learn more and shop with our curbside program here. skip to main content shop rvs shop gear free standard shipping over $99. good sam members: free shipping over $49 see details  |  help? (888)-626-7576 camping world search for products, skus, categories... search my store select a store my account sign in create an account check order contact live chat email 1-888-626-7576 1-888-626-7576 0 your cart is empty menu back to main menu sign in / create account sign in shop by category back to shop by category inside rv inside rv back to inside rv rv furniture rv furniture recliners, swivels & gliders sofas furniture covers indoor tables storage ottomans furniture accessories other chairs a/c's & heaters a/c's & heaters air conditioners & accessories indoor heaters & furnaces portable fans rv appliances rv appliances large appliances vacuum & steam mops bath bath bathroom fixtures bathroom accessories & storage bathroom supplies kitchen & dining kitchen & dining cookware small appliances kitchen utensils & tools dinnerware & placemats flatware & cutlery food storage kitchen organization & storage kitchen linens & liners kitchen floor mats kitchen fixtures kitchen cleaning & air fresheners bar & wine bedroom bedroom mattresses mattress pads & toppers sheets comforters, blankets & throws pillows bed ladders, rails & accessories bedroom & closet storage laundry laundry drying racks hampers & baskets laundry supplies window treatments window treatments blinds & shades window coverings & hardware home decor home decor adhesive hooks & hangers over door & key racks wall art clocks frames coasters other decor indoor lighting indoor lighting indoor fixtures light switches & dimmers led lighting indoor electrical indoor electrical power converters & chargers power inverters floor coverings floor coverings interior rugs runners accent rugs doormats kitchen floor mats pads storage storage storage boxes collapsible storage tool boxes & storage bedroom & closet storage safety safety smoke alarms and gas sensors fire extinguishers outside rv outside rv back to outside rv chairs, rockers & recliners chairs, rockers & recliners director's chairs folding bag chairs rockers kids, boosters & high chairs ottomans & chair accessories recliners hanging chairs & hammocks patio mats & step rugs patio mats & step rugs patio mats step rugs awnings, canopies & shades awnings, canopies & shades canopies & shades garages & car canopies rv awnings rv roof vents & fans rv roof vents & fans ceiling fans fan & vent accessories vent covers grills & picnic grills & picnic grills picnic outdoor electrical outdoor electrical electrical hardware solar power protection power protection electrical monitors & testers surge protection voltage management air conditioners & accessories air conditioners & accessories air conditioner covers air conditioners air distribution & assemblies other ac parts & accessories shrouds thermostats tables tables cooking tables folding tables picnic tables side tables table legs & bases fire pits & patio heaters fire pits & patio heaters fire pits outdoor fireplaces patio heaters patio & garden patio & garden doormats patio decor patio furniture patio lights fire pits & patio heaters rv patio awnings outdoor lighting outdoor lighting bulbs outdoor fixtures led bulbs led fixtures light switches & dimmers patio lights tools, ramps & ladders tools, ramps & ladders garage accessories & floor mats steps & ladders tools storage bikes & scooters bikes & scooters bike accessories bike tools & maintenance bikes cycling apparel packs bags & trailers racks & carriers scooters maintain your rv maintain your rv back to maintain your rv sewer sewer black water sewer chemicals sewer connection toilets fresh water fresh water fresh water hoses fresh water pumps & accessories fresh water tanks & accessories fresheners & softeners regulators, reels & fittings water filtration water heater parts & accessories water heaters bathroom faucets kitchen faucets shower rv roof vents & fans rv roof vents & fans ceiling fans fan & vent accessories roof vents & fans vent covers rv hardware, maintenance & repair rv hardware, maintenance & repair door & window repair & maintenance rv cleaners & supplies rv exterior hardware rv interior hardware storage bays led lighting propane propane propane accessories propane alarms & detectors propane cylinders propane hoses & adapters propane tank covers tools, ramps & ladders tools, ramps & ladders garage accessories & floor mats steps & ladders storage tools batteries batteries alkaline batteries automotive & rv batteries battery boxes, trays & tie downs battery chargers battery cleaners & protectants battery parts & accessories fuses jump starters winterizing shop rvs shop rvs back to shop rvs travel trailers for sale fifth wheels for sale motorhomes for sale clearance rvs covers covers back to covers rv covers rv covers 5th wheel covers travel trailer covers camper covers class a covers class b covers class c covers toy hauler covers teardrop covers r-pod covers propane tank covers generator covers vehicle & powersport covers tire covers window covers rv accessories covers motorcycle covers rv wind skirts electronics electronics back to electronics satellite antennas & receivers satellite antennas & receivers receivers satellite antennas satellite & receiver accessories gps & navigation gps & navigation gps accessories gps units backup systems & accessories wi-fi systems & cell phone boosters antennas antennas antenna accessories television antennas alarms alarms carbon monoxide fire alarms security propane alarms & detectors audio & video audio & video cord organization mobile accessories radio stereos & speakers tv's & dvd players electric thermometers tire pressure monitoring systems auto, stabilization & performance auto, stabilization & performance back to auto, stabilization & performance jacks, leveling & chocks jacks, leveling & chocks chocks jack accessories levels & leveling systems stabilizing jacks tongue jacks shocks & stabilizers shocks & stabilizers air spring & suspension products shocks stabilizer mounting hardware steering stabilizers swaybar stabilizers stabilizing jacks wheel & tire accessories wheel & tire accessories air compressors brakes other tire accessories tire gauges tire inflators tire valves & caps wheels & wheel covers tire covers tire pressure monitoring systems automotive parts & fluids automotive parts & fluids air filters & spark plugs engine performance & additives fuel additives & efficiency sensors & monitors automotive & rv batteries jump starters automotive accessories automotive accessories automotive replacement bulbs bed boxes & fuel tanks cargo carriers horns interior accessories & organization light bars other automotive accessories tie downs & bungee cords truck steps windshield wipers trailer wind deflectors generators generators back to generators portable generators generator covers generator parts & accessories outdoor camping outdoor camping back to outdoor camping chairs, rockers & recliners chairs, rockers & recliners director's chairs folding & bag chairs hanging chairs & hammocks kids, boosters & high chairs ottomans & chair accessories recliners rockers camp kitchen camp kitchen camp cookers food & water insect screens utensils dutch ovens grills pots & pans skillets & griddles tents & canopies tents & canopies camping tents tent accessories truck tents instant canopies & shelters sleeping bags, cots & air beds sleeping bags, cots & air beds pads, cots & air beds sleeping bags coolers coolers cooler accessories hard sided coolers novelty ice chests soft sided coolers wagons & carts flashlights & lanterns flashlights & lanterns flashlights headlamps lanterns spotlights fire pits & patio heaters fire pits & patio heaters fire pits outdoor fireplaces patio heaters insect control & repellant insect control & repellant other repellants & refills sprays torches, lanterns & candles zappers traps camp tools camp tools axes & knives camp equipment camp optics campfire emergency preparedness emergency preparedness first aid survival & rescue bags & packs bags & packs backpacks luggage totes hitch & tow hitch & tow back to hitch & tow trailer towing trailer towing ball mounts & hitch balls brake controls electric connections hitch covers hitch receivers hitch & trailer locks sway controls towing accessories trailer wind deflectors weight distribution hitches hitches hitches 5th wheel hitches gooseneck hitches hitch bars ball mounts & hitch balls weight distribution hitches 5th wheel towing 5th wheel towing 5th wheel hitch accessories 5th wheel king pin boxes 5th wheel vent tail gates 5th wheel hitches backup systems & accessories vehicle towing vehicle towing car towing accessories rock guards tow bars & brackets tow car brakes & accessories tow dollies & accessories wiring kits & safety cables tow mirrors apparel & footwear apparel & footwear back to apparel & footwear men's apparel men's apparel men's jackets men's shirts men's sweatshirts & hoodies men's shorts men's swimwear men's pants men's footwear men's footwear men's casual shoes men's hiking & trail shoes men's work shoes men's sandals men's slippers men's boat shoes men's boots men's accessories men's accessories men's sunglasses men's hats men's socks men's gloves men's belts men's wallets men's watches women's apparel women's apparel women's jackets women's shirts women's sweatshirts & hoodies women's shorts women's pants women's footwear women's footwear women's casual shoes women's hiking & trail shoes women's work shoes women's sandals women's slippers women's boat shoes women's boots women's accessories women's accessories women's bags & packs women's sunglasses women's hats women's socks women's gloves kids' apparel kids' apparel kids' shirts kids' pants kids' jackets kids' footwear kids' footwear kids' sandals kids' boots kids' accessories kids' accessories kids' gloves fishing fishing back to fishing rods reels & combos rods reels & combos fishing reels fishing rod & reel accessories fishing rod & reel combos fishing rods baits & lures baits & lures bait & lure kits hard baits jigs scents & attractants soft baits swimbaits topwater wire baits terminal tackle terminal tackle bait rigs bobbers & floats hooks jigheads line & leaders lure customization snaps swivels & split rings weights & sinkers tackle storage tools & accessories tools & accessories bait storage filet & processing fishing tools nets downriggers outriggers shallow water anchors youth fishing gear bowfishing ice fishing ice fishing augers & accessories ice fishing accessories ice fishing apparel & footwear ice fishing baits & tackle ice fishing electronics ice fishing line ice fishing safety ice rods reels & tip ups ice shelters sleds & accessories fly fishing fly fishing flies fly fishing tools & accessories fly lines & backing fly tackle bags & luggage fly tying leaders & tippets vests & packs fishing waders & accessories boating & watersports boating & watersports back to boating & watersports anchoring & docking anchoring & docking anchoring boat fenders boat & pwc lifts dock accessories dock boxes & storage dock bumpers & edging dock de-icers dock lines cleats & hardware floating & stationary docks ladders & swim platforms mooring buoys mooring whips boat & pontoon seats boat & pontoon seats boat seats pontoon boat furniture boats, motors & engine parts boats, motors & engine parts boat engine maintenance boating engine parts boating fuel systems boating gauges boating performance outboard motors propellers pwc & jet ski parts steering & control trolling motors cabin, galley & decor cabin, galley & decor cup & drink holders decor & teak heating cooling & ventilation instruments marine books & videos marine coolers marine flags & hardware marine grills & accessories marine interior lighting marine storage personalized nautical boat covers & tops boat covers & tops bimini tops boat covers marine shades & enclosures pontoon bimini tops pwc & jetski covers marine electrical marine electrical marine batteries & accessories marine battery chargers & inverters marine electrical wiring & repair marine lighting shore power switches & panels marine electronics & navigation marine electronics & navigation action cameras charting & cartography fishfinders depth sounders & gps marine autopilots marine mounts enclosures & storage marine radars marine stereo marine tvs & entertainment multi-function network system thermal cameras & accessories vhf marine radios & communication pumps & plumbing pumps & plumbing marine fresh water systems marine hose & clamps marine pumps marine sanitation plumbing fittings marine maintenance & repair marine maintenance & repair boat cleats boat lettering & numbers boat paint & finishes cleaner applicators & tools cleaners wax & protectants fiberglass & gelcoat repair marine carpet & flooring marine drain plugs marine fastener & snap kits marine hardware marine hatches & latches marine rub rail marine scuppers marine wiper blades & motors paint tools & accessories marine safety marine safety boat & pwc mirrors fire extinguishers & detectors floating lanyards & rings marine first aid kits paddles & boat hooks regulatory buoys & signs signal devices survival suits & life rafts throw cushions & rings watersports flags marine trailering marine trailering marine trailer brakes bearings & hubs marine trailer bunks & bunk carpet marine trailer guides & guide-ons marine trailer hardware marine trailer hitch accessories marine trailer jacks & dollies marine trailer lights marine trailer locks & security marine trailer rollers marine trailer tie-downs marine trailer wheels marine trailer winches other marine trailering accessories watersports watersports boats, kayaks & canoes dive & snorkel gear kneeboards & multipurpose boards lake & pool leisure life jackets & vests paddleboards pwc and jet ski accessories towable tubes wakeboards wakesurfer waterskis wetsuits hunting hunting back to hunting archery archery archery accessories arrows & accessories bow storage bows broadheads & points crossbows & accessories targets youth archery treestands & blinds treestands & blinds treestands wildlife & land management wildlife & land management feeders feeds minerals & attractants food plots hunting traps sprayers & implements processing knives & tools processing knives & tools food & game processing hunting knives & tools game cameras & electronics game cameras & electronics action cameras & accessories game camera mounts & accessories game & trail cameras hunting gps hunting two way radios memory cards & readers decoys decoys big game decoys decoy accessories deer decoys dove decoys predator decoys turkey decoys waterfowl decoys game calls game calls deer calls lanyards & accessories predator calls turkey calls upland calls waterfowl calls scent scent scent attractants scent elimination after the shot after the shot field care gambrels hoists & scales game carts & carriers gear bags & packs taxidermy hunting accessories shooting shooting ammunition shooting optics shooting equipment firearms storage & security tactical bags & accessories airguns & airsoft deals clearance members-only specials new products online specials current ads shop rvs travel trailers for sale fifth wheels for sale motorhomes for sale clearance rvs rv services services deals clearance members-only specials new products online specials current ads shop rvs travel trailers for sale fifth wheels for sale motorhomes for sale clearance rvs rv services services my store select a store my account my account sign in create an account check order contact contact live chat email 1-888-626-7576 1-888-626-7576 help & support 1-888-626-7576 email us help center live help site map good sam rewards credit card program order support easy returns shipping & delivery track my order our stores store locator current ads military discount our partners good sam gander outdoors overton's the house our policies accessibility commitment goodwill ambassadors ca supply chain disclosure privacy policy pi collection notice do not sell my info terms of use product support catalog request gift cards notices & recalls corporate info about us blog careers investor relations free standard shipping over $99 good sam members: free shipping over $49 inside rv rv furniture recliners, swivels & gliders sofas indoor tables storage ottomans furniture covers furniture accessories other chairs a/c's & heaters air conditioners & accessories indoor heaters & furnaces portable fans rv appliances large appliances vacuum & steam mops bedroom mattresses mattress pads & toppers sheets comforters, blankets & throws bed ladders, rails & accessories pillows bedroom & closet storage laundry drying racks hampers & baskets laundry supplies window treatments blinds & shades window coversings & hardware bath bathroom fixtures bathroom accessories & storage bathroom supplies kitchen & dining cookware small appliances kitchen utensils & tools dinnerware & placements kitchen floor mats food storage kitchen organization & storage kitchen fixtures flatware & cutlery kitchen linens & liners kitchen cleaning & air fresheners bar & wine home decor adhesive hooks & hangers over door & key racks wall art clocks coasters other decor indoor lighting indoor fixtures light switches & dimmers led lighting indoor electrical power converters & chargers power inverters floor coverings interior rugs runners accent rugs doormats kitchen floor mats pads storage storage boxes collapsible storage tool boxes & storage bedroom & closet storage safety smoke alarms & gas sensors fire extinguishers outside rv chairs, rockers & recliners folding bag chairs rockers recliners director's chairs hanging chairs & hammocks kids, boosters & high chairs ottomans & chair accessories patio mats & step rugs patio mats step rugs awnings, canopies & shades rv awnings canopies & shades garages & car canopies rv roof vents & fans roof vents & fans vent covers ceiling fans fan & vent accessories grills & picnic grills picnic air conditioners & accessories air conditioners shrouds air conditioner covers air distribution & assemblies thermostats other ac parts & accessories power protection surge protection voltage management electrical monitors & testers tables folding tables cooking tables picnic tables side tables table legs & bases outdoor electrical solar electrical hardware fire pits & patio heaters fire pits patio heaters outdoor fireplaces patio & garden patio decor patio lights doormats patio furniture rv patio awnings outdoor lighting outdoor fixtures led bulbs led fixtures bulbs light switches & dimmers patio lights tools, ramps & ladders steps & ladders storage tools ramps garage accessories & floor mats bikes & scooters bikes racks & carriers scooters bike accessories bike tools & maintenance pack bags & trailers maintain rv sewer sewer connection toilets black water sewer chemicals winterizing fresh water fresh water pumps & accessories fresheners & softeners fresh water hoses water filtration water heaters shower fresh water tanks & accessories regulators, reels & fittings bathroom faucets shop all rv roof vents & fans roof vents & fans vent covers ceiling fans fan & vent accessories propane propane hoses & adapters propane cylinders propane alarms & detectors propane tank covers propane accessories tools, ramps & ladders steps & ladders storage tools ramps garage accessories & floor mats rv hardware, maintenance & repair rv cleaners & supplies door & window repair & maintenance rv exterior hardware rv interior hardware storage bays led lighting batteries jump starters automotive & rv batteries battery chargers battery boxes, trays & tie downs alkaline batteries battery parts & accessories fuses battery cleaners & protectants jacks, leveling & chocks stabilizing jacks chocks tongue jacks levels & leveling systems jack accessories power protection surge protection voltage management electrical monitors & testers air conditioners & accessories air conditioners shrouds air conditioner covers air distribution & assemblies thermostats other ac parts & accessories rv covers rv covers shop all window covers shop all vehicle and powersports covers shop all tire covers shop all propane tank covers shop all rv wind skirts shop all rv accessories covers shop all generator covers shop all motorcycle covers shop all rv stabilization & auto jacks, leveling & chocks stabilizing jacks chocks tongue jacks levels & leveling systems jack accessories shocks & stabilizers stabilizing jacks steering stabilizers swaybar stablizers shocks air spring & suspension products stabilizer mounting hardware wheel & tire accessories tire pressure monitoring systems tire covers tire gauges air compressors brakes tire inflators tire valves & caps wheels & wheel covers other tire accessories automotive accessories cargo carriers automotive replacement bulbs windshield wipers trailer wind deflectors bed boxes & fuel tanks interior accessories & organization tie downs & bungee cords truck steps light bars automotive parts & fluids engine performance & additives fuel additives & efficiency sensors & monitors jump starters air filters & spark plugs automotive & rv batteries generators portable generators honda champion sportsman westinghouse cummins onan nature's generator shop all generator covers shop all generator parts & accessories shop all camping chairs, rockers & recliners folding bag chairs rockers recliners director's chairs hanging chairs & hammocks kids, boosters & high chairs ottomans & chair accessories camp kitchen camp cookers skillets & griddles pots & pans dutch ovens utensils insect screens food & water tents & canopies camping tents instant canopies & shelters truck tents tent accessories sleeping bags, cots & air beds pads, cots & air beds sleeping bags coolers soft sided coolers hard sided coolers cooler accessories novelty ice chests fire pits & patio heaters fire pits patio heaters outdoor fireplaces wagons and carts shop all flashlights & lanterns flashlights lanterns headlamps spotlights outdoor electrical solar electrical hardware insect control & repellant torches, lanterns & candles sprays zappers other repellants & refills camp tools campfire axes & knives camp equipment camp optics grills & picnic grills picnic emergency preparedness first aid survival & rescue bags & packs backpacks totes luggage tables folding tables cooking tables picnic tables side tables table legs & bases hitch & tow hitches 5th wheel hitches ball mounts & hitch balls gooseneck hitches hitch bars weight distribution hitches 5th wheel towing 5th wheel king pin boxes 5th wheel hitches 5th wheel vent tail gates 5th wheel hitch accessories trailer towing brake controls hitch receivers hitch & trailer locks towing accessories sway controls trailer wind deflectors electric connections weight distribution hitches ball mounts & hitch balls hitch covers backup systems & accessories shop all vehicle towing tow bars & brackets tow car brakes & accessories rock guards tow dollies & accessories car towing accessories wiring kits & safety cables tow mirrors shop all wheel & tire accessories tire pressure monitoring systems tire covers tire gauges air compressors brakes tire inflators tire valves & caps wheels & wheel covers other tire accessories shocks & stabilizers stabilizing jacks steering stabilizers swaybar stabilizers shocks air spring & suspension products stabilizer mounting hardware jacks, leveling & chocks stabilizing jacks chocks tongue jacks levels & leveling systems jack accessories electronics satellites & receivers satellite antennas receivers satellite & receiver accessories antennas television antennas antenna accessories backup systems & accessories shop all audio & video tv's & dvd players mobile accessories radio cord organization stereos & speakers gps & navigation gps units gps accessories alarms carbon monoxide propane alarms & detectors fire alarms security wifi systems & cell phone boosters shop all tire pressure monitoring systems shop all electric thermometers shop all more boating & watersports shop all apparel & footwear shop all fishing shop all lifestyle shop all hunting shop all shop rvs current ad rv service good sam good sam club - join today good sam perks good sam rewards credit card deals deals clearance members-only specials online specials new products current ad best sellers rv service good sam good sam club - join today good sam perks good sam rewards credit card your browser's javascript functionality is turned off. please turn it on so that you can experience the full capabilities of this site. home privacy policy privacy policy your privacy rights effective date: january 1, 2020 we appreciate the trust you place in cwgs group, llc and the camping world and good sam family of companies (collectively, “cwgs”). we know that your data privacy and security is important. our privacy policy (this "privacy policy") describes how we collect, protect, use, and share information gathered about you when you interact with our websites, mobile applications, social media sites and handles, email, and online services or visit one of our venues or attend an event sponsored by us (our “services”). we hope that this disclosure will help increase your confidence and enhance your experience on the internet and with us. this privacy policy explains: the types of information we collect through our services how we use and protect that information the types of information we may share with others and under what circumstances the choices you have regarding our collection, use, and sharing practices details regarding our use of third-party cookies and other tracking technologies we also include specific disclosures for residents of california and nevada. please read this privacy policy before you use this site. we always welcome your questions and feedback. for privacy-related issues, please feel free to contact us directly at any time. cwgs group, llc po box 6888 englewood, co 80155-6888 800-234-3450 privacy@campingworld.com types of information we collect and how we collect it information you provide some of the services may include features or services that permit you to enter contact information and other information about you. we collect and store any information you enter on our services. this includes: contact and demographic information when completing forms or registering to use our services. payment information and associated contact information when engaging in a transaction. appointment bookings you carry out through our services. email address information when subscribing to our email newsletters. any information or data you provide by interacting in our online forums and with our chatbots, or by commenting on content posted on bulletin boards and other public areas of our services (“public areas”). please note that these comments are also visible to other users of our services. information you provide when you complete a survey administered by us or a service provider acting on our behalf. information you may submit to inquire about or apply for a job with us. information you provide when you participate in a contest or sweepstakes that we offer. if you contact us, we may keep a record of that correspondence and any contact information provided. medical or health information that you provide to us when requesting special accommodations or filing incident reports in the course of using our services. some of this information may be collected by external parties, called service providers, on our behalf. for example, we use a payment processor when you engage in a transaction with us. information we collect automatically when you interact with the services, certain information about your use of our services is collected automatically. this includes: details of your visits to our site and information generated in the course of the use of our site (including the timing, frequency, and pattern of service use) including, but not limited to, traffic data, location data, weblogs and other communication data, the resources that you access, and how you reached our site. details regarding the device you use to access our services, including, but not limited to, your ip address, operating system, and browser type. information about how you interact with our ads and newsletters, including whether you open or click links in any correspondence. information that you make available to us on a social media platform (such as by clicking on a social media icon linked from our services), including your account id or username and other information included in your posts. cookies much of the information that we collect automatically is collected through cookies, web beacons, and other tracking technologies, as well as through your web browser or device.  cwgs relies on partners to provide many features and to process and collect data about your use of our services and other sites. cookies are pieces of information that a website sends to your browser while you are viewing the website. these pieces of information allow the websites to remember important information that will make your use of those sites more useful. our sites and other websites use cookies for a variety of purposes. we use third party cookies and other tracking technologies to collect and process information about your browsing and buying activity on our website. we contract with one or more third party site analysis service partners to provide us with a data collection and reporting service. when you access our site, a third party site analysis service partner may use cookies and other technologies on our behalf and may receive information about your browsing and buying activity on our website. such data collection may be compiled and analyzed on an aggregate basis, and we may share this aggregated data with our affiliates, agents and business partner. this aggregate information does not identify you personally. we may also disclose aggregated user statistics in order to describe our services to current and prospective business partners, and to other third parties for other lawful purposes. you can choose to have your computer warn you each time a cookie is being sent, or you can choose to turn off all cookies. you do this through your browser (like firefox or internet explorer) settings. each browser is a little different, so look at your browser's help menu to learn the correct way to modify your cookies. if you turn cookies off, you won't have access to many of our features that make your web experience more efficient. beacons our html-formatted emails may contain a web beacon to tell us whether our emails are opened and verify any clicks through to links or advertisements within the email. we may use this information for purposes including determining which of our emails are more interesting to users. the web beacon will be deleted when you delete the email. emails in plain text (if applicable) rather than html will not include the web beacon. pixel tags we use pixel tags (also sometimes also known as web beacons), which are transparent images, iframes, or javascript, to understand how consumers interact with our site online, including on websites and in mobile apps. pixel tags are small blocks of code on a webpage or app that allow them to read and place cookies and transmit information to us or our partners. mobile identifiers when accessing our website on a mobile device or using any of our mobile applications, we will have access to your location if you have enabled location services on your device.  we will also have access to your mobile device id, which is unique to your device and does not by itself contain any personally identifiable information. how we use the personal information that we collect when you supply us with personal information, the information you provide is added to our customer file. we may use the information we collect for the following purposes: to contact you regarding promotions, discounts, and other services, provided by cwgs or our third party business partners, and when you request email bulletins or newsletters or join our club. to contact you in response to an inquiry, complaint, or incident report. to provide you with our products and services, including to complete transactions, take steps to enter into a contract for sale or for services, process payments, fulfill orders, and send service communications. to enable additional features on our services and to provide you with a personalized service. create custom audiences on social media sites and search engine platforms and to understand and respond to your comments and reviews of our services on social media sites and search engine platforms. to provide you with the best service, improve and grow our business, and understand the effectiveness of our marketing, including by understanding our customer base and purchasing trends. to understand how our services are being used, track site performance, and make improvements. to deliver tailored advertising on our services based on your preferences or interests across services and devices and measuring the effectiveness of ads. to detect, investigate, and prevent activities that may violate our policies or be fraudulent or illegal, and to comply with legal requirements regarding the provision of products and services. in addition, by joining good sam club, you agree and acknowledge that we may recognize your membership among our affiliated companies and on our web sites. for example, if you are a member of good sam club and have also joined the rv.net forum, we will indicate that you are a good sam club member by displaying a "good sam" icon by your user name whenever you post content to an rv.net forum. if you would like to remove the good sam club icon in relation to your forum posts, you may do so in your forum account in the "my profile" section. how we share your information service providers we engage the following types of vendors to perform functions on our behalf such as: delivery services, customer information management, customer communications and marketing services, billing and collection, order fulfillment, auditing and accounting, professional services/consultants; analytics services; security services; and it support. these companies are restricted from using your information in any manner other than in helping us to deliver or provide you our products and services. there are limited circumstances in which the service provider collects data directly from you when their privacy policies may also apply. content providers on some of our sites, we provide content that is created by a third-party website. in some instances the third-party sites will collect information in order to facilitate the transaction or to make the use of their content more productive and efficient. in these circumstances the information collected is shared between our third-party sponsors and us. social media platforms where you choose to interact with us through social media, your interaction with these programs typically allows the social media company to collect some information about you through cookies or other tracking mechanisms that they place on your device. in some cases, the social media company may recognize you through its digital cookies even when you do not interact with their application. please visit the social media companies’ respective privacy policies to better understand their data collection practices and the controls they make available to you. third-party advertisers and network advertisers we partner with companies that assist us in advertising about our services to others who may be interested in the services. these companies may use tracking technologies to collect or receive information from the services and elsewhere on the internet and use that information to provide analytical services, interest tagging, and ad targeting. in addition, some advertisements on our site are promoting products and services from third-party companies. these companies are called "network advertisers." network advertisers collect information when you visit our site. the information is collected using technology, so you may not realize it is being collected. the network advertisers collect this information so that they can show you ads that are more relevant and interesting to you. our privacy policy does not apply when you click on an advertisement and leave our site. you must read the privacy policy of that advertiser to see how your personal information will be handled on its site. business partners and sponsors to enhance your experience on our services,  we provide information to a select group of companies that offer products and services that may be of interest to you (our "business partners"). on occasion, we offer promotions – such as sweepstakes or free camping – in conjunction with a sponsor. we may share your information with the sponsors if they need it to send you a product, such as a magazine subscription or fulfill the offer of a free night camping. we may share your information with those sponsors that can send you other special promotions. in addition, we will occasionally send e-mail promotions to our users on behalf of third-party sponsors regarding lifestyle-related products or services. sale of businesses we may sell certain of our businesses or assets to other companies in connection with a merger, acquisition, or bankruptcy. when such transactions take place, visitor information (including personal information) may constitute a part of the transferred business assets. in the event that we, or any of our affiliates, sell some, all or substantially all of our assets to another company, visitor information (including personal information) likely will be disclosed and transferred as an asset to such company. organizations that help protect the security and safety of our users and our sites we will disclose personal information as required by law, for example, to comply with a court order or subpoena; to enforce our terms of service, sweepstakes/contest rules, or assert or defend other legal claims; to a regulator or consumer protection authority with jurisdiction over us, or to protect the safety, integrity, and security of our services, users, and information. we are not responsible for what third parties do with any information that you make available in public areas of our services. as such, we advise that you exercise great care in determining what information you choose to make publicly available through our services. additional information about our data practices sharing of aggregated data we may share aggregated or deidentified data at our discretion, including with marketing agencies, media agencies and analytics providers. these other companies will not be able to relate this data to identifiable individuals. combination of information we may combine information from the services together and with other information we obtain from our business records. additionally, information collected about you from a particular browser or device may be linked to information collected from another computer or device that we believe relates to you. sharing of medical or health information to the extent that we receive health information about you, that information is subject to electronic disclosure to extent permitted by applicable law. choices you have about our collection, usage and sharing of your information how you can access your account information if you have established an account with one of our business units, you can review your communication preferences through the "my account" section of our websites. communication preferences are permissions that you have granted us to communicate with you on specific areas of interest. you may make modifications to your communication preferences directly through this section of "my account". if you don't have an account, can't find your account, or some of our services do not provide an account section, you can simply contact us via email by clicking "contact us" located at the bottom of all of our web pages or send an email directly to privacy@campingworld.com. please include information in the email that will help us identify your account so we can assist you with your inquiry or request. e-mail communications when you register with us or give us your contact information, you may have an opportunity to limit e-mail communications from us and our third-party marketing partners. at any time you can request that we not send e-mails to you either by unsubscribing from the communication or by contacting us at privacy@campingworld.com. direct mail communications when you subscribe to our publications, join the good sam club, or otherwise do business with us, please tell us if you do not want to receive our direct mail marketing offers for any or just certain products and/or services. we will mark your account for a three-year period. you will not receive any direct mail offers from us during this three-year period for those products and/or services that you have indicated to us that you are not interested in receiving. if you change your mind, just get in touch with us and ask that we include you in future offerings. please note that because marketing campaigns are planned a few months ahead of time, you may continue to receive marketing offers for two to four months after making a request. write to us at good sam mail preference service, p.o. box 6888, englewood, co 80155-6888 to opt out from specific future mailings. third party ad tracking and serving our third party advertising and business partners may provide you with ways to choose not to have your information collected. you can opt out of receiving targeted ads from members of the network advertising initiative ("nai") by following instructions on the nai's website: https://www.networkadvertising.org/. the type of security we provide we use a combination of physical, technical, and administrative safeguards to protect the information we collect through the services. while we use these precautions to safeguard your information, we cannot guarantee the security of the networks, systems, servers, devices, and databases we operate or that are operated on our behalf. there are some things that you can do to help protect the security of your information as well. for instance, never give out your password, since this is what is used to access all of your account information. also remember to sign out of your account and close your browser window when you finish surfing the web so that other people using the same computer won't have access to your information. children our site is not directed to or intended for, and we do not knowingly collect personally identifiable information from children under the age of 16. if you are under sixteen, please do not submit any personal information through our website. we encourage parents and legal guardians to monitor their children's internet usage and to help enforce our privacy policy by instructing their children to never provide personal information on our website without their permission. if you have reason to believe that a child under the age of 16 has provided personal information to us through this website, please contact us. international users our site is operated and hosted in the united states.  information that you provide to us and the data that we collect as a result of your visiting and using our site will be collected, processed in and transferred to the u.s. and is subject to u.s. law. the privacy and data protection laws in the u.s. may not be equivalent to or adequate under the laws in your country of residence or from which you access this site. by visiting this site or by providing us with your personal information you consent to this collection, transfer, storage, and processing of information to and in the u.s. california and nevada privacy rights persons with disabilities may obtain this notice in alternative format upon request by contacting us at privacy@campingworld.com. california shine the light california civil code section 1798.83 permits california residents to request certain information regarding our disclosure of personal information to third parties for their direct marketing purposes. to make such a request, please send an e-mail to privacy@campingworld.com.  our website currently does not honor browser “do not track” signals. california consumer privacy act the california consumer privacy act (“ccpa”) provides california residents with rights to receive certain disclosures regarding the collection, use, and sharing of “personal information,” as well as rights to know/access, delete, and limit sharing of personal information. the ccpa defines “personal information” as “information that identifies, relates to, describes, is reasonably capable of being associated with, or could reasonably be linked, directly or indirectly, with a particular consumer or household.” certain information we collect may be exempt from the ccpa because it is considered public information (i.e., it is made available by a government entity) or covered by a specific federal privacy law, such as the gramm–leach–bliley act, the health insurance portability and accountability act, or the fair credit reporting act. to the extent that we collect personal information that is subject to the ccpa, that information, our practices, and your rights are described below. right to notice at collection regarding the categories of personal information collected you have the right to receive notice of the categories of personal information we collect, and the purposes for which those categories of personal information will be used. this notice should be provided at or before the time of collection. the categories we use to describe the information are those enumerated in the ccpa. personal identifiers: we collect your name, phone number, and email address and contact address when you create an account or complete a transaction. if you choose to create an account, you will also be asked to create a username, and we will assign one or more unique identifiers to your profile. we use this information to provide the services, respond to your requests, and send information and advertisements to you. we collect your social media handle and basic account information when you interact with our services through social media.  we may also collect your social media handle if you post reviews or comments relating to our services through social media. we collect a unique numerical identifier, assigned to you by a first-party cookie, automatically when you use our services in order to identify you, provide the services, keep you logged in to the services, prevent fraud, and provide you with targeted information and offers. we collect payment information when you provide it to us, which may include your credit card number or a bank account number, when you complete a transaction. you may have the option to store this information to your account or set up a recurring transaction. we use this information to streamline and facilitate payments and transactions. we may collect your social security number, driver’s license number. we use this information to identify you, authenticate and collate information about you, to prevent fraud, and to conduct background checks or other screening activities. we may collect medical information and health information about you if you provide that information to us as part of a complaint, claim or incident report. we use this information to address and resolve your concerns or claims regarding our services. we collect your ip address automatically when you use our services. we use this information to identify you, gauge online activity on our website, measure the effectiveness of online services, applications, and tools, and serve targeted advertisements based on your online activities. we collect your device id automatically when you use our services. we use this information to monitor your use and the effectiveness of our services, to identify you, and to provide you with targeted information and offers. protected classifications: we collect your gender and date of birth to verify identity and extend personalized offers.  we also collect citizenship and marital status to facilitate offers of credit.  we do not collect your racial or ethnic origin, or sexual orientation.  we may collect your disability status if you request an accommodation, or provide that information as part of a claim or incident report. commercial information: when you engage in transactions with us, we create records of goods or services purchased or considered, as well as purchasing or consuming histories or tendencies. we may combine this information with other information to make inferences regarding your preferences. we use this information to measure the effectiveness of our services, advertising, and promotions, and to provide you with targeted information, advertisements and offers. biometric information: we do not collect information about your physiological, biological, and behavioral characteristics. internet or other electronic network activity information: we collect information about your browsing history, search history, information regarding your interaction with websites, and applications or advertisements automatically when you utilize our services. we use this information to gauge online activity on our website, measure the effectiveness of online services, applications, and tools, and to serve targeted advertisements and offers based on your online activities. geolocation data: as described above, we collect your ip address automatically when you use our services. we may be able to determine your general location based on the ip address. we also collect your precise location  (e.g., your gps coordinates), through your device. if you allow your device to provide us with this information, we use it to make improvements to our products and services, measure the effectiveness and use of our serives, and to provide recommendations and deliver relevant advertising. audio, electronic, visual, thermal, olfactory, or similar information: if you contact us via phone, we may record the call. we will notify you if a call is being recorded at the beginning of the call. we also collect the content of public posts or reviews that you make available through social media or other websites.  we collect your photographic or video image if you visit one of our facilities. we use this information to respond to specific issues, claims, or complaints, to monitor our customer service, maintain the security of our systems and physical locations, aid in theft detection and monitoring, and train employees.  we also collect photographic and video images in connection with customer testimonials for marketing and promotional advertising. professional or employment-related information: we collect information about your current employer and your employment history if you apply for a job with us. we use this information to conduct background and other screening activities. we also collect information about your current employer and your employment history if you apply for a credit card or to facilitate other offers of credit. education information: we collect information about the institutions you have attended and the level of education you have attained if you apply for a job with us. we use this information to conduct background and other screening activities. inferences drawn to create a profile about a consumer reflecting the consumer’s preferences or characteristics: we may analyze your actual or likely preferences through a series of computer processes. on some occasions, we may add our observations to your internal profile. we also collect this information from our advertising and business partners.  we use this information to gauge and develop our marketing activities, measure the appeal and effectiveness of our services, applications, and tools, and to provide you with targeted information, advertisements, and offers. we may use any of the categories of information listed above for other business or operational purposes compatible with the context in which the personal information was collected. we may share any of the above-listed information with service providers, which are companies that we engage for business purposes to conduct activities on our behalf. service providers are restricted from using personal information for any purpose that is not related to our engagement. the categories of service providers with whom we share information and the services they provide are described in our privacy policy above in the section titled “service providers”. we also sell information to third parties, as described below. to opt out of the sale of your information visit our do not sell my info page. right to know/access information you have the right to request access to personal information collected about you and information regarding the source of that information, the purposes for which we collect it, and the third parties and service providers with whom we share it. you may submit such a request as described below. to protect our customers’ personal information, we are required to verify your identity before we can act on your request. right to request deletion of information you have the right to request in certain circumstances that we delete any personal information that we have collected directly from you. you may submit such a request as described below. to protect our customers’ personal information, we are required to verify your identity before we can act on your request. we may have a reason under the law why we do not have to comply with your request, or why we may comply with it in a more limited way than you anticipated. if we do, we will explain that to you in our response. how to submit a request you may submit a request to exercise your rights to know/access or delete your personal information through any one of three means: by filling out a consumer data request form available here. by calling us at (866) 890-2810) by requesting a consumer data request form at any of our locations in california. verification procedures in order to process your request to know/access or delete personal information we collect, disclose, or sell, we must verify your request. we do this by: asking you to provide personal identifiers we can match against information we may have collected from you previously; or provide a good sam club member number, recent order number, or other transactional information if you’ve purchased a product or service from us; and confirm your request using the email or telephone number stated in the request. authorized agent you may authorize another individual or a business registered with the california secretary of state, called an authorized agent, to make requests on your behalf. we require that you and the individual complete notarized affidavits in order to verify the identity of the authorized agent and confirm that you have authorized them to act on your behalf. parents of minor children may submit a birth of the child certificate in lieu of an affidavit, in order to make requests on the child’s behalf. sample forms will be provided in the verification process. right to opt out of sale of personal information to third parties you have the right to opt out of any sale of your personal information by cwgs to third parties. we sell information to third parties. to “sell” information means to disclose it to a company for monetary or other benefit. a company may be considered a third party either because the purpose of sharing is not an enumerated business purpose under california law, or because our contract does not restrict them from using personal information for other purposes. we sell the following information: personal identifiers: we provide your name, email address, mailing address, ip address, and device id to our advertising partners and business partners. internet or other electronic network activity information: we exchange your browsing history, search history, information regarding your interaction with websites, and applications or advertisements with our advertising and business partners. inferences drawn to create a profile about a consumer reflecting the consumer’s preferences or characteristics: we exchange information about your actual or likely preferences with our advertising and business partners. to exercise your right to opt out of the sale of your personal information, please visit our "do not sell my info" webpage or call us at (866) 890-2810. please note that your right to opt out does not apply to our sharing of personal information with service providers, who are parties we engage to perform a function on our behalf and are contractually obligated to use the personal information only for that function. we may also disclose information to other entities who are not listed here when required by law or to protect our company or other persons, as described in this privacy policy. right to information regarding participation in data sharing for financial incentives you have the right to be free from discrimination based on your exercise of your ccpa rights. we offer promotions whereby we incentivize a consumer to share certain pieces of information with us, or to register for a club or service, by offering a financial incentive, such as a discount. for example, we may offer a one-time discount if consumers sign up for our email marketing list. participation in all promotions and clubs is voluntary, and you may opt out of the sale of your personal information at any time. special information for nevada residents residents of the state of nevada have the right to opt out of the sale of certain pieces of their information to other companies who will sell or license their information to others.  to make a request, please contact us at privacy@campingworld.com or complete our consumer data request form. policy changes please note: due to the rapidly changing nature of the internet, we may change this privacy policy from time to time based on your comments and our need to accurately reflect our data collection and disclosure practices. all changes to this privacy policy are effective when posted. in the event of any material changes to our collection, use, retention, or disclosure of personal information, we will notify users of our site of the change by providing an "updated as of" date on the "privacy policy" link on our website, which "updated as of" date will remain in the "privacy policy" link for a period of at least 30 days after the effectiveness of the changes. help & support help & support 1-888-626-7576 email us help center live help site map order support order support easy returns shipping & delivery track my order our stores our stores store locator current ads military discount our partners our partners good sam gander outdoors overton's the house our policies our policies accessibility commitment goodwill ambassadors ca supply chain disclosure privacy policy pi collection notice do not sell my info terms of use product support product support catalog request gift cards notices & recalls corporate info corporate info about us blog careers investor relations team member assistance good sam rewards credit card good sam rewards credit card apply now manage good sam rewards visa manage good sam rewards credit card sign up for email deals sign up i would like to receive email information from affiliates of camping world good sam club , good sam insurance agency , good sam life insurance central , coast resorts , good sam life & health , good sam travelassist , good sam roadside assistance , good sam extended service plan , rv loans , motorhome , rv.net , trailer life , good sam | camping world visa welcome to camping world emails! thanks for subscribing. follow us facebook - opens in a new window twitter - opens in a new window youtube - opens in a new window instagram = opens in a new window © cwi, inc. 2020. all rights reserved.