来源URL: https://web.archive.org/web/20221231072027/https://www.campingworld.com/helpcenter-ourpolicies/privacyPolicy.html
================================================================================

privacy policy | camping world skip to main content skip to footer content free shipping over $99.good sam members: free shipping over $69. | join now notice of data incident shop rvs shop gear rent rvs shop boats free shipping over $99.good sam members: free shipping over $69. | join now notice of data incident notice of data incident need help? (888)-626-7576 | main menu sign in create account check my order my favorites my store: find a store shop by category inside rv inside rv rv furniture rv furniture recliners, swivels, & gliders sofas furniture covers indoor tables storage ottomans furniture accessories other chairs dinette tables & chairs a/c's & heaters a/c's & heaters air conditioners & accessories indoor heaters & furnaces portable fans rv appliances rv appliances large appliances vacuum & steam mops bath bath bathroom fixtures bathroom accessories & storage bathroom supplies kitchen & dining kitchen & dining cookware small appliances kitchen utensils & tools dinnerware & placemats flatware & cutlery food storage kitchen organization & storage kitchen linens & liners kitchen floor mats kitchen fixtures kitchen cleaning & air fresheners bar & wine bedroom bedroom mattresses mattress pads & toppers sheets comforters, blankets & throws pillows bed ladders, rails & accessories bedroom & closet storage laundry laundry drying racks hampers & baskets laundry supplies window treatments window treatments blinds & shades draperies & curtains window coverings & hardware home decor home decor adhesive hooks & hangers over door & key racks wall art clocks coasters other decor indoor lighting indoor lighting light switches & dimmers accessory lighting bulbs ceiling fixtures wall fixtures indoor electrical indoor electrical rv power converters & chargers power inverters rv storage & organization rv storage & organization storage boxes collapsible storage tool boxes & storage bedroom & closet storage renovation renovation wall coverings floor coverings cabinetry safety safety smoke alarms and gas sensors fire extinguishers outside rv outside rv camp chairs, rockers & recliners camp chairs, rockers & recliners director's chairs folding bag chairs rockers kids, boosters & high chairs ottomans & chair accessories reclining camp chairs hanging chairs & hammocks patio mats & step rugs patio mats & step rugs patio mats step rugs awnings, canopies & shades awnings, canopies & shades canopies & shades garages & car canopies rv awnings rv roof vents & fans rv roof vents & fans ceiling fans fan & vent accessories vent covers grills & picnic grills & picnic grills picnic outdoor electrical outdoor electrical electrical hardware solar power protection power protection electrical monitors & testers surge protection voltage management air conditioners & accessories air conditioners & accessories air conditioner covers air conditioners air distribution & assemblies other ac parts & accessories shrouds thermostats tables tables cooking tables folding camp tables picnic tables side tables table legs & bases fire pits & patio heaters fire pits & patio heaters fire pits outdoor fireplaces patio heaters patio & garden patio & garden rv doormats patio decor patio furniture patio lights fire pits & patio heaters rv patio awnings outdoor lighting outdoor lighting bulbs outdoor fixtures led fixtures light switches & dimmers patio lights tools, ramps & ladders tools, ramps & ladders garage accessories & floor mats ramps steps & ladders tools storage cycling cycling bikes e-bikes bike helmets pack bags & trailers bike accessories bike racks bike components kids' cycling hoverboards scooters powersports powersports atvs/utvs dirt bikes e-bikes go-karts mini bikes electric scooters safety equipment accessories maintain rv maintain rv sewer sewer black water sewer chemicals sewer connection toilets fresh water fresh water fresh water hoses rv fresh water pumps & accessories fresh water tanks & accessories fresheners & softeners regulators, reels & fittings water filtration water heater parts & accessories rv water heaters bathroom faucets kitchen faucets shower rv roof vents & fans rv roof vents & fans ceiling fans fan & vent accessories roof vents & fans roof vent covers rv hardware, maintenance & repair rv hardware, maintenance & repair door & window repair & maintenance rv cleaners & supplies rv exterior hardware rv interior hardware storage bays propane propane rv propane accessories propane alarms & detectors propane cylinders propane hoses & adapters propane tank covers tools, ramps & ladders tools, ramps & ladders garage accessories & floor mats ramps steps & ladders storage tools batteries batteries alkaline batteries automotive & rv batteries battery boxes, trays & tie downs battery chargers battery cleaners & protectants battery parts & accessories fuses jump starters air conditioners & accessories air conditioners & accessories air conditioner covers air conditioners air distribution & assemblies other ac parts & accessories shrouds thermostats jacks, leveling & chocks jacks, leveling & chocks chocks jack accessories levels & leveling systems stabilizing jacks tongue jacks power protection power protection electrical monitors & testers surge protection voltage management winterizing covers covers rv covers rv covers 5th wheel covers travel trailer covers camper covers class a covers class b covers class c covers toy hauler covers teardrop covers r-pod covers propane tank covers generator covers vehicle & powersport covers tire covers window covers rv accessories covers motorcycle covers rv wind skirts rv stabilization & auto rv stabilization & auto jacks, leveling & chocks jacks, leveling & chocks chocks jack accessories levels & leveling systems stabilizing jacks tongue jacks shocks & stabilizers shocks & stabilizers air spring & suspension products shocks stabilizer mounting hardware steering stabilizers sway bar stabilizers stabilizing jacks wheel & tire accessories wheel & tire accessories air compressors brakes other tire accessories tire gauges tire inflators tire valves & caps wheels & wheel covers tire covers tire pressure monitoring systems automotive parts & fluids automotive parts & fluids air filters & spark plugs engine performance & additives fuel additives & efficiency sensors & monitors automotive & rv batteries jump starters automotive accessories automotive accessories automotive replacement bulbs bed boxes & fuel tanks cargo carriers horns interior accessories & organization light bars other automotive accessories tie downs & bungee cords truck steps windshield wipers trailer wind deflectors generators generators portable generators generator covers generator parts & accessories camping camping camping tents & canopies camping tents & canopies camping tents tent accessories truck tents instant canopies & shelters sleeping bags, cots & air beds sleeping bags, cots & air beds pads, cots & air beds sleeping bags chairs, rockers & recliners chairs, rockers & recliners director's chairs folding & bag chairs hanging chairs & hammocks kids, boosters & high chairs ottomans & chair accessories reclining camp chairs rockers camping coolers camping coolers cooler accessories hard sided coolers novelty ice chests soft sided coolers grills & picnic grills & picnic grills picnic tables tables cooking tables folding camp tables picnic tables side tables table legs & bases fire pits & patio heaters fire pits & patio heaters fire pits outdoor fireplaces patio heaters camp kitchen camp kitchen camping ovens and cookers food & water insect screens utensils dutch ovens grills pots & pans skillets & griddles wagons & carts flashlights & lanterns flashlights & lanterns flashlights headlamps lanterns spotlights emergency preparedness emergency preparedness first aid survival & rescue camp tools camp tools axes & knives camp equipment camp optics campfire outdoor electrical outdoor electrical electrical hardware solar camping bags & packs camping bags & packs backpacks luggage totes insect control & repellant insect control & repellant other repellants & refills sprays torches, lanterns & candles zappers traps hitch & tow hitch & tow trailer towing trailer towing ball mounts & hitch balls brake controls electric connections hitch covers hitch receivers hitch & trailer locks sway controls towing accessories trailer wind deflectors weight distribution hitches hitches hitches 5th wheel hitches gooseneck hitches hitch bars ball mounts & hitch balls weight distribution hitches 5th wheel towing 5th wheel towing 5th wheel hitch accessories 5th wheel king pin boxes 5th wheel vent tail gates 5th wheel hitches backup systems & accessories vehicle towing vehicle towing car towing accessories rock guards tow bars & brackets tow car brakes & accessories tow dollies & accessories wiring kits & safety cables tow mirrors jacks, leveling & chocks jacks, leveling & chocks chocks jack accessories levels & leveling systems stabilizing jacks tongue jacks shocks & stabilizers shocks & stabilizers air spring & suspension products shocks stabilizer mounting hardware steering stabilizers swaybar stabilizers stabilizing jacks wheel & tire accessories wheel & tire accessories air compressors brakes other tire accessories tire gauges tire inflators tire valves & caps wheels & wheel covers tire covers tire pressure monitoring systems electronics electronics satellites & receivers satellites & receivers receivers satellite antennas satellite & receiver accessories gps & navigation gps & navigation gps accessories gps units backup systems & accessories wi-fi systems & cell phone boosters antennas antennas antenna accessories television antennas alarms alarms carbon monoxide fire alarms security propane alarms & detectors audio & video audio & video cord organization mobile accessories radio stereos & speakers tv's & dvd players electric thermometers tire pressure monitoring systems active sport active sport cycling cycling bikes bike helmets pack bags & trailers bike accessories bike racks bike components kids' cycling powersports powersports atvs / utvs dirt bikes go-karts mini bikes safety equipment accessories e-bikes, hoverboards & scooters e-bikes, hoverboards & scooters e-bikes e-scooters & mopeds hoverboards scooters paddle paddle kayaks kayaking gear canoeing bags & cases car racks stand up paddleboards travel travel day bags backpacks hiking backpacks hydration packs duffel bags electronic bags & cases car racks hiking poles other travel gear boating & watersports boating & watersports anchoring & docking anchoring & docking anchoring boat fenders boat & pwc lifts dock accessories dock boxes & storage dock bumpers & edging dock de-icers dock lines cleats & hardware floating & stationary docks ladders & swim platforms mooring buoys mooring whips boat & pontoon seats boat & pontoon seats boat seats pontoon boat furniture boats, motors & engine parts boats, motors & engine parts boat engine maintenance boating engine parts boating fuel systems boating gauges boating performance jon boats outboard motors propellers pwc & jet ski parts steering & control trolling motors cabin, galley & decor cabin, galley & decor cup & drink holders decor & teak heating cooling & ventilation instruments marine books & videos marine coolers marine flags & hardware marine grills & accessories marine interior lighting marine storage personalized nautical boat covers & tops boat covers & tops bimini tops boat covers marine shades & enclosures pontoon bimini tops pwc & jetski covers marine electrical marine electrical marine batteries & accessories marine battery chargers & inverters marine electrical wiring & repair marine lighting shore power switches & panels marine electronics & navigation marine electronics & navigation action cameras charting & cartography fishfinders depth sounders & gps marine autopilots marine mounts enclosures & storage marine radars marine stereo marine tvs & entertainment multi-function network system thermal cameras & accessories vhf marine radios & communication pumps & plumbing pumps & plumbing marine fresh water systems marine hose & clamps marine pumps marine sanitation plumbing fittings marine maintenance & repair marine maintenance & repair boat cleats boat lettering & numbers boat paint & finishes cleaner applicators & tools cleaners wax & protectants fiberglass & gelcoat repair marine carpet & flooring marine drain plugs marine fastener & snap kits marine hardware marine hatches & latches marine rub rail marine scuppers marine wiper blades & motors paint tools & accessories marine safety marine safety boat & pwc mirrors fire extinguishers & detectors floating lanyards & rings marine first aid kits paddles & boat hooks regulatory buoys & signs signal devices survival suits & life rafts throw cushions & rings watersports flags marine trailering marine trailering marine trailer brakes bearings & hubs marine trailer bunks & bunk carpet marine trailer guides & guide-ons marine trailer hardware marine trailer hitch accessories marine trailer jacks & dollies marine trailer lights marine trailer locks & security marine trailer rollers marine trailer tie-downs marine trailer wheels marine trailer winches other marine trailering accessories watersports watersports boats, kayaks & canoes dive & snorkel gear kneeboards & multipurpose boards lake & pool leisure life jackets & vests paddleboards pwc and jet ski accessories towable tubes wakeboards wakesurfer waterskis wetsuits fishing fishing rods reels & combos rods reels & combos fishing reels fishing rod & reel accessories fishing rod & reel combos fishing rods terminal tackle terminal tackle line & leaders tackle storage tools & accessories tools & accessories bait storage filet & processing fishing tools nets downriggers outriggers shallow water anchors youth fishing gear fishing waders & accessories lifestyle lifestyle pet pet bowls & feeders collars, leashes & harnesses fences, gates & containment pet apparel pet furniture & covers pet grooming pet steps & ramps pet toys pet training waste management tailgating tailgating outdoor games chairs, rockers & recliners camping coolers grills picnic tables games & toys games & toys board games & puzzles card games outdoor games & playground toys memberships books & directories books & directories atlas cookbooks logs & journals magazines maps reading aids travel books & directories health & fitness health & fitness fitness health baby/toddler men's & women's apparel & accessories shop select towable rvs shop rvs shop rvs travel trailers for sale fifth wheels for sale motorhomes for sale clearance rvs deals & services deals & services deals deals clearance current ads members only specials online specials new products best sellers services services design center performance center find the perfect rv essentials rv service good sam good sam good sam - join today good sam roadside assistance good sam rewards credit card contact us call now email us deals & services deals deals clearance current ads members only specials online specials new products best sellers services services design center performance center find the perfect rv essentials rv service good sam good sam good sam - join today good sam roadside assistance good sam rewards credit card use up and down arrow keys to navigate search results. you are shopping find a store sign in sign in create account check my order my favorites 0 use up and down arrow keys to navigate search results. cwgs privacy policy effective date: september 23, 2022 we appreciate and value the trust you place in cwgs group, llc and the camping world and good sam family of companies (collectively, “cwgs,” “we,” “us,” “our”). this privacy policy (“privacy policy”) describes how we collect, use, share and otherwise process your personal information when you: interact with our websites, mobile applications, social media sites and handles, and online services; visit one of our retail locations, venues, or attend an event sponsored by us; and/or otherwise communicate or interact with us, such as when you email or call us (our “services”). persons with disabilities may obtain this notice in alternative formats upon request by contacting us at +1 (866) 890-2810. table of contents overview types of personal information we collect and how we collect it how we use the personal information we collect how we share the personal information we collect cookies and similar technologies choices you have about our processing of your personal information security of personal information third-party websites children international users california privacy rights policy changes overview our processing of your personal information varies depending upon how you interact with us. this privacy policy describes our online and offline privacy practices – in some cases, different or additional notices about our information processing practices may apply. california residents: if you are a california resident, please refer to the california privacy rights section below for important information about the categories of personal information we collect and disclose, and your rights under california privacy laws. please read this privacy policy before you use any of our services. we are committed to protecting your personal information and welcome your questions and feedback. for privacy-related issues, please contact us directly: cwgs group, llc po box 6888 englewood, co 80155-6888 +1 (866) 890-2810 types of personal information we collect and how we collect it personal information you provide some of our services may include features that permit you to provide personal information directly to us. we collect and store personal information you enter via our services including: name, phone number, email address, and physical address when you create an account or complete a transaction with us. certain demographic and other personal information requested via forms, such as lead generation forms. purchase and payment information when you make purchases from us, including shipping address. appointment/reservation bookings you carry out through our services, including the personal information provided to make such appointment/booking. email address information when you subscribe to our email newsletters. any personal information you provide by interacting via our online forums and with our online chat features, or by commenting on content posted in public areas of our services. please note that these comments are also visible to other users of our services. personal information such as your social media handle when you interact with our services through social media. personal information you provide when you complete a survey administered by us or a service provider acting on our behalf. personal information you provide when you participate in a contest or sweepstakes we offer, which may include your social security number and driver’s license number if you win such contest or sweepstakes. we may also be required to post the names of winners depending on the jurisdiction. if you contact us, such as at our call centers, we may keep a record of that correspondence and any contact information provided, including via call recording. medical or health information you provide to us when requesting special accommodations or filing incident reports while using our services. any other personal information you choose to submit to us via our services. personal information we collect automatically when you interact with our services, certain personal information about your use of our services is collected automatically including: details of your visits to our websites and personal information generated in the course of the use of our websites, including traffic data, general location data, weblogs and other communication data, the resources you access, and how you reached our websites (the referring url). details regarding the device you use to access our services, including, but not limited to, your ip address, unique id, operating system, and browser type. when accessing our websites on a mobile device or using any of our mobile applications, we will have access to your general location if you have enabled location services on your device for our mobile applications personal information about how you interact with our services, such as our emails, ads, and newsletters, including whether you open or click links in any correspondence gps details from your motorized rv (if enabled with such functionality) if you do not delete this data from your vehicle’s device before you provide us with your motorized rv in connection with a sale or trade-in. your photographic or video image if you visit one of our facilities. personal information we collect from third parties we collect some information from third parties, including our service providers, other business partners, advertising networks, internet service providers, data analytics and marketing providers, and operating systems and platforms: personal information about your browsing history, search history, interactions with websites, and applications or advertisements. personal information from our business partners with whom we collaborate on various matters, including if you make purchases from marketplaces that sell our products and services. personal information to further supplement or validate the information we otherwise collect about you. publicly available information we may collect information about you that is publicly available, including on our websites, on third-party websites, and otherwise. please note that we are not responsible for what third parties do with any information you make available in public areas of our services or elsewhere. please exercise care in determining what information, including personal information, you make publicly available through our services or other public areas. how we use the personal information we collect we may use the personal information we collect for the following purposes: providing our services. to provide you with our products and services, including to complete transactions, to take steps to enter into a contract for a sale or for services, to process payments, to fulfill orders, to send service communications (including product safety and recall-related notices), and for other customer service functions. marketing. to contact you regarding promotions, discounts, and other services, provided by us or our third-party business partners, that may interest you. tailored advertising and ad effectiveness. to deliver tailored advertising on our services based on your preferences or interests across services and devices and to measuring the effectiveness of ads, including understanding our customer base and purchasing trends. this includes creating custom audiences on social media websites and search engine platforms. responding to inquiries. to contact you in response to an inquiry, complaint, or incident report. this includes responding your comments and reviews of our services on social media websites and search engine platforms. personalization. to enable additional features on our services and to provide you with a personalized service improving our services. to improve and grow our business, including understanding how our services are being used, for research and analytics purposes, and to develop new features, products, or services. in support of our general business operations. to administer our general business operations, such as accounting, record keeping, and legal functions. protecting our rights and responding to legal requests/obligations. to detect, investigate, and prevent activities that may violate our policies or be fraudulent or illegal, and to comply with legal requirements regarding the provision of products and services. other purposes. for other purposes where we provide notice or obtain your consent. when you supply us with personal information, the personal information you provide may be added to your customer file. this personal information is combined with the other personal information we collect about you. how we share the personal information we collect affiliates. we may disclose information with current or future affiliates or subsidiaries to provide services and for research, marketing, and other purposes consistent with this privacy policy. service providers. we disclose the personal information we collect from you to service providers, contractors, and agents who perform functions on our behalf. these service providers, contractors, and agents include entities that provide delivery services, customer information management services, customer communications and marketing services, billing and collection services, order fulfillment services, auditing and accounting services, professional services/consultants, analytics services, security services, companies who administer our products and services, and it support services. social media platforms. we may respond to or otherwise engage with social media posts or messages directed at one of our accounts, or which reference our products or services. if you publicly share content about us or our products or services, we may choose to re-post or otherwise share that content with the social media company and our followers, subject to the terms of the relevant social media platform. additionally, your interaction with us through social media typically allows the social media company to collect some personal information about you through cookies or other tracking mechanisms on our websites. in some cases, the social media company may recognize you through its digital cookies even when you do not interact with their application. please visit the social media companies’ privacy policies to better understand their data collection practices and privacy settings. business partners. to enhance your user experience, we may provide personal information to a select group of companies that offer products and services that may interest you. for example, we offer promotions – such as sweepstakes or free camping – in collaboration with business partners. we may share your personal information with these business partners if they need it to send you a product, such as to fulfill the offer of a free night camping. acquirers of business assets. we may sell certain of our businesses or assets to other companies in connection with a merger, acquisition, financing, or bankruptcy. when such transactions take place, your information may constitute a part of the transferred business assets. in the event that we, or any of our affiliates, sell some, all, or substantially all of our assets to another company, your personal information likely will be disclosed and transferred as an asset to such company. law enforcement and government authorities. we will disclose information as permitted by law, for example to comply with a court order or subpoena, to enforce our terms of use, sweepstakes/contest rules, or assert or defend other legal claims, to a regulator or consumer protection authority with jurisdiction over us, or, to protect the safety, integrity, and security of our services, users, and information. aggregated data. we may share aggregated or deidentified data at our discretion. cookies and similar technologies cookies much of the information we collect automatically is collected through cookies, pixels, tags, and other tracking technologies, as well as through your web browser or device. we rely on partners to provide many features related to our services and to process information about your use of our services and other websites. we may combine this information with other personal information we collect from you (and our service providers may do so on our behalf). third-party analytics we may use automated devices and applications, such as google analytics to evaluate your use of our services. we may also use other analytics to evaluate our services. we use these tools to help us understand and improve our services. these entities may use cookies and other tracking technologies, such as web beacons or local storage objects (lsos), to perform their services. to learn more about google’s privacy practices, please see www.google.com/policies/privacy/partners/. you can also download the google analytics opt-out browser add-on to prevent your data from being used by google analytics at https://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout. cross-device use we and our service providers may use the information we collect about you (whether directly from our services, through your device(s), or from a third party) to help us and our service providers identify other devices you use (e.g., a mobile phone, tablet, other computer, etc.). we and our service providers also may use the cross-device use and other information we learn about you to serve targeted advertising on your devices and to send you emails. to opt out of cross-device advertising, you may follow the instructions set forth in the choices you have about our processing of your personal information section below. please note that if you opt out of these targeted advertising cookies, your opt out will be specific to the web browser or device from which you accessed the opt out. if you use multiple web browsers or devices, you will need to opt out on each web browser or device you use. third-party advertisers and network advertisers we partner with companies that assist us in advertising our services. these companies may use tracking technologies to collect or receive information from our services and elsewhere on the internet and use that information to provide analytical services, interest tagging, and ad targeting. we use network advertisers to serve advertisements on non-affiliated websites or other media (e.g., social networking platforms). this enables us and these network advertisers to target advertisements to you for products and services in which you might be interested. ad network providers, advertisers, sponsors, and/or traffic measurement services may use cookies, javascript, pixels, lsos, and other tracking technologies to measure the effectiveness of their ads and to personalize advertising content to you. these cookies and other technologies are governed by each entity’s specific privacy policy, not this one. we may provide these advertisers with information, including your personal information. choices you have about our processing of your personal information your communication preferences if you have established an account with any of our brands, you can review your communication preferences by logging in through “my account” or a similarly designated section of our websites. you may make modifications to your communication preferences directly through your account. if you don’t have an account, can’t find your account, or some of our services do not provide an account section, you can simply contact us via the methods noted in the “help and support,” “contact us,” or a similarly designated section of our websites. you can also request that we not send marketing emails to you by unsubscribing from the communication via the link at the bottom of the email. when you subscribe to our publications or otherwise do business with us, please tell us if you do not want to receive our direct mail marketing offers for any or just certain products and/or services. if you change your mind, just contact us and ask that we include you in future offerings. please note that because marketing campaigns are planned a few months ahead of time, you may continue to receive marketing offers after making a request. write to us at good sam mail preference service, p.o. box 6888, englewood, co 80155-6888 to opt out from future mailings. tracking and advertising choices browser solutions for opting out of cookies. to prevent cookies or third-party advertisers from tracking your activity on one of our websites or visits across multiple websites, there are tools you can use to disable cookies and opt out of interest-based advertising. using the resources below does not mean you will no longer receive any advertising through our services or on other websites. you may continue to receive advertisements, for example, based on the particular website you are viewing (i.e., contextually based ads) and as described above. your opt out may not be effective if your browser is configured to reject cookies. to prevent cookies from tracking your activity on one of our websites or visits across multiple websites, you can set your browser to block certain cookies or notify you when a cookie is set. the “help” portion of the toolbar on most browsers will tell you how to prevent your device from accepting new cookies, how to have the browser notify you when you receive a new cookie, or how to disable cookies altogether. certain aspects of our websites may not behave as expected should you disable cookies. if you are experiencing website issues, it may be due to your cookie preference settings. industry solutions for opting out of ad networks. additionally, users may opt out of many ad networks. for example, you may go to the digital advertising alliance (“daa”) consumer choice page for information about opting out of interest-based advertising. please be advised that opting out of ad networks will opt you out from certain companies’ delivery of interest-based content or ads to you, but it does not mean you will no longer receive any advertising through our websites or on other websites. you may continue to receive advertisements, for example, based on the particular website you are viewing (i.e., contextually based ads). additional information is available on the daa’s websites at www.aboutads.info and https://youradchoices.com/appchoices (for mobile apps). security of personal information we use a combination of physical, technical, and administrative safeguards designed to protect the personal information we process via the services. while we use these precautions to safeguard your personal information, we cannot guarantee the security of the networks, systems, servers, devices, and databases we operate or that are operated on our behalf. third-party websites we may offer links to or from our services to websites, services, and resources operated by third parties. we offer links to third-party websites as a convenience. we are not responsible for the privacy practices, content, or policies of websites operated by third parties, and you should inquire about the privacy practices of such third parties before providing any personal information to those third parties. children our services are not directed to or intended for, and we do not knowingly collect personal information from, children under the age of 16. if you are under 16, please do not submit any personal information via our services. if you have reason to believe that a child under the age of 16 has provided personal information to us via our services, please contact us. international users our services are directed to individuals in the u.s. personal information that you provide to us and that we collect as a result of your using our services will be processed in the u.s. the privacy and data protection laws in the u.s. may not be equivalent to or adequate under the laws in your country of residence. by using our services or by otherwise providing us with your personal information, you agree to the processing of your personal information in the u.s. california privacy rights this section of the privacy policy provides additional information solely for california residents (collectively, “consumers,” “you,” or “your”) and applies solely to the personal information of california consumers, as defined in the california consumer privacy act (“ccpa”), whether collected online or offline. this section does not address or apply to our handling of personal information that is exempt under the ccpa. at collection notice categories of personal information we collect depending on how you use the services, we collect the following categories of personal information through our services: identifiers: such as a real name, alias, address, vin, ip address and online identifiers, email address, account name, ssn, driver’s license number, or other unique personal identifiers. commercial information: such as records of products or services purchased, obtained, or considered, or other purchasing or use histories. internet or other electronic network usage data (“usage data”): such as, browsing history, clickstream data, search history, and information regarding interactions with an internet website, application, or advertisement, including other usage data related to you use of any of our services or other online services. geolocation data: general location information about a particular individual or device. audio, video, and other electronic data: audio, electronic, visual, or similar information such as video or cctv footage, photographs, and call recordings and other audio recordings (e.g., recorded meetings). profiles and inferences: such as inferences drawn from any of the information identified above to create a profile reflecting a consumer’s preferences, characteristics, behavior or attitudes. protected classifications: we collect some information that is considered a protected classification under california/federal law (e.g., your gender, date of birth, citizenship, marital status, and disability status). business or commercial purposes for which we use your personal information we use your personal information for the following purposes, as described in the how we use the personal information we collect section above: providing our services: to provide you with our products and services, including to complete transactions, to take steps to enter into a contract for a sale or for services, to process payments, to fulfill orders, to send service communications (including product safety and recall-related notices), and for other customer service functions. marketing: to contact you regarding promotions, discounts, and other services, provided by us or our third-party business partners, that may interest you. tailored advertising and ad effectiveness: to deliver tailored advertising on our services based on your preferences or interests across services and devices and to measuring the effectiveness of ads, including understanding our customer base and purchasing trends. this includes creating custom audiences on social media websites and search engine platforms. responding to inquiries: to contact you in response to an inquiry, complaint, or incident report. this includes responding your comments and reviews of our services on social media websites and search engine platforms. personalization: to enable additional features on our services and to provide you with a personalized service. improving our services: to improve and grow our business, including understanding how our services are being used, for research and analytics purposes, and to develop new features, products, or services. in support of our general business operations: to administer our general business operations, such as accounting, record keeping, and legal functions. protecting our rights and responding to legal requests/obligations: to detect, investigate, and prevent activities that may violate our policies or be fraudulent or illegal, and to comply with legal requirements regarding the provision of products and services. other purposes: for other purposes where we provide notice or obtain your consent. we also use your personal information for the following business purposes: auditing related to website interaction, including, but not limited to, counting ad impressions to unique visitors, verifying positioning and quality of ad impressions, and auditing compliance with this specification and other standards. detecting, preventing, or otherwise addressing fraud, abuse, misuse, potential violations of applicable law (or rule/regulation), and/or security or technical issues. debugging to identify and repair errors that impair existing intended functionality. undertaking internal research for technological development and demonstration. undertaking activities to verify or maintain the quality or safety of a service or device that is owned, manufactured, manufactured for, or controlled by us, and to improve, upgrade, or enhance a service or device owned, manufactured, manufactured for, or controlled by us. global privacy control we honor your right to opt out of “sales” as signaled by a universal opt out signal or global privacy control (“gpc”). gpc is a technical specification you can use to inform websites of your privacy preferences regarding ad trackers. to set up gpc, you can visit the global privacy control page at https://globalprivacycontrol.org. if you download a supported browser or extension and exercise your privacy rights with gpc, we will turn off third-party advertising cookies on our website after our website detects a gpc signal. you can change your privacy preferences through the “do not sell my personal information” link on our homepages and as described below. do-not-track currently, other than approved gpc signals, our systems do not recognize browser “do-not-track” requests. your right to opt out of “sales” of personal information the ccpa gives you the right to opt out of “sales” of your personal information, which the ccpa defines broadly to include disclosing or making available personal information to a third party in exchange for monetary compensation, valuable consideration, improved advertising or analytics services, and ad targeting options. under this strict definition, when certain usage data or identifiers are made available to third parties (through third-party cookies or tags on our websites) it is considered a “sale” under the ccpa. to exercise your right to opt out of “sales,” you can download a supported gpc browser or extension, or you can use the “do not sell my personal information” link and you can use the toggle controls that are available through the privacy preferences page. categories of personal information collected and disclosed in this section, we describe generally how we have collected and disclosed personal information about consumers in our role as a business over the previous twelve (12) months categories of personal information we collect depending on how you use our services, we collect the following categories of personal information through our services: identifiers, commercial information, usage data, geolocation data, audio, video, and other electronic data, profiles and inferences and characteristics of protected classifications under california or federal law. sources of personal information we may collect personal information from various sources, including directly from the consumer, via automated means, from third parties, and from publicly available information. this may include collecting personal information from advertising networks, internet service providers, data analytics providers, operating systems and platforms, and social networks. categories of personal information we may “sell” the categories of personal information that may be considered a “sale” as defined under the ccpa include certain identifiers (i.e., ip address and online identifiers), usage data, geolocation data, and profiles and inferences. the categories of third parties under the ccpa to whom we have “sold” personal information as defined under the ccpa are advertising networks, data analytics providers, operating systems and platforms, and social networks. our personal information “sales” do not include information about individuals we know are under age 16. categories of personal information disclosed for a business purpose the categories of personal information we have disclosed for a business purpose include identifiers, commercial information, usage data, geolocation data, audio, video, and other electronic data, profiles and inferences, and characteristics of protected classifications under california or federal law. the categories of third parties under the ccpa to whom we have disclosed personal information for a business purpose as defined under the ccpa may include affiliates, service providers, social media platforms, business partners, acquirers of business assets, and law enforcement and government authorities. your consumer rights under the ccpa right to request to know you have the right (up to twice per year subject to certain exemptions) to request, free of charge, that we disclose information about our collection and use of your personal information over the past twelve (12) months, including: the categories or personal information we collect about you what personal information we collect, use, or disclose about you the categories of sources of the personal information we collect about you our business or commercial purposes for collecting the personal information for each category of personal information, the categories of third parties with whom it was disclosed the specific pieces of personal information we collect about you for more information on how to request information about our collection, use, and disclosure of your personal information, please see the submitting ccpa requests section below. right to request deletion you have the right to request that we delete any personal information we have collected about you (subject to certain exceptions). for more information on how to request deletion, please see the submitting ccpa requests section below. after we receive your request and verify your identity, we will review your request to see if an exception requires us to retain the personal information. we will delete or de-identify personal information not subject to an applicable exception from our records and will direct our service providers to take similar action. right of non-discrimination you have the right to be free from discriminatory adverse treatment for exercising these rights. we will not discriminate against you for exercising your ccpa rights. submitting ccpa requests requests to know or to delete to exercise your right to know or to delete as described above, you may submit a request by contacting us by phone at the toll-free number, +1 (866) 890-2810 or by filling out a consumer data request form available at https://www.campingworld.com/dar. you can also have an authorized agent make a request at https://www.campingworld.com/dar by following the instructions therein. you are not required to create an account to exercise your rights. we will only use personal information provided in a right to know or deletion request to review and comply with the request. verification of certain requests only you, or an individual legally authorized to act on your behalf, may make a request related to your personal information. depending on the type of request, we may request information from you in order to verify your identity. additionally, we may require that authorized agents provide proof of their authorization. we cannot respond to your request if we are unable to verify your identity, your authority to make a request on behalf of another person, or if we cannot confirm that the personal information relates to you. in general, we will verify your request by asking you to: provide personal identifiers we can match against information we may have collected from you previously provide an account number, recent order number, or other transactional information if you’ve purchased a product or service from us, and/or confirm your request using the email or telephone number stated in the request california shine the light california civil code section 1798.83 permits california residents to request certain information regarding our disclosure of personal information to third parties for their direct marketing purposes. to make such a request please contact us at +1 (866) 890-2810. policy changes we may change this privacy policy from time to time. all changes to this privacy policy are effective when posted. your adventure awaits sign up for emails and stay up-to-date on the latest news, events, and promotions. enter your email address sign up i would like to receive email information from affiliates of camping world follow us © cwi, inc. 2022. all rights reserved. help & support 1-888-626-7576 email us help center site map order support easy returns shipping & delivery check my order our stores store locator our partners good sam overton's the house our policies accessibility commitment ca supply chain disclosure price match policy privacy policy california privacy rights do not sell or share my personal information targeted advertising opt out terms of use product support gift cards notices and recalls reviews rv cover tool corporate info about us about marcus lemonis blog careers investor relations team member assistance follow us © cwi, inc. 2022. all rights reserved. remove product? × are you sure you want to remove the following product from the cart? cancel yes remove all products? × are you sure you want to remove all products from the cart? cancel yes