来源URL: https://web.archive.org/web/20101213175713/http://dutchcrafters.com/Amish-Furniture-news-index
================================================================================

news - dutchcrafters.com - the amish furniture store holiday gift ideas shopping cart order status home amish bedroom furniture amish dining room furniture amish living room furniture amish office furniture amish outdoor furniture kids toys & furniture amish furniture styles adirondack furniture colonial furniture country furniture french country furniture log furniture mission furniture pine furniture queen anne furniture shaker furniture sports team furniture wheat furniture windsor furniture amish furniture & decor amish bars, stools & wine racks amish accent tables amish armoires amish bar stools amish bathroom furniture amish beds amish benches amish bookcases amish buffets and sideboards amish cabinets & cupboards amish credenzas amish desk chairs amish dining chairs & stools amish dining room tables amish dressers, lingerie chests amish electric fireplaces amish entertainment centers amish file cabinets amish footstools & ottomans amish foyer furniture amish hutches amish indoor decor amish kids furniture amish kitchen accessories amish night stands amish office furniture amish podiums & lecterns amish quilts amish rockers & gliders amish rugs amish sofas and lounge chairs amish vanities amish gift ideas more amish crafts! amish furniture collections american classic reproductions collection american rustic hickory collection american toys & furniture amish clock collection amish hope chest collection amish valley collection apple creek collection berlin office & living room furniture collection byershaus collection conestoga collection cottage collection country collection craftsman collection eden collection glacier country collection green garden outdoor furniture hardwoods collection heirloom hutch collection heritage pine collection hillview collection hochstetler collection holmes office collection holmes office ii collection homestead collection indiana bedroom furniture collection keepsake collection keystone collection lancaster collection leisure lawns outdoor furniture leola collection lincoln collection miller bedroom furniture montana collection mt. eaton collection ohio chair collection prairie collection primitive pine wood collection royal american ensemble shipshewana office furniture collection southern elegance bamboo furniture southern elegance reclaimed wood furniture sugar creek collection swiss valley rockers troyer collection urban reflections collection village inn collection yoder collection amish outdoor furniture and decor adirondack furniture arbors, trellises, and pergolas outdoor bars and bar stools outdoor benches and swings outdoor patio chairs and stools outdoor patio tables patio furniture sets daily news amish accent tables (6) amish corner hutches (1) amish night stands (3) amish accessories & décor (26) amish crafts (1) amish office chairs (2) amish bamboo furniture (8) amish desks (12) amish office furniture (14) amish bar stools (1) amish dining chairs (11) amish outdoor accessories (5) amish bars (2) amish dining tables (16) amish outdoor cypress furniture (3) amish beds (9) amish dressers (8) amish outdoor furniture (11) amish benches (2) amish entertainment centers (6) amish outdoor pine furniture (1) amish bookcases (6) amish fireplaces (3) amish outdoor polywood furniture (5) amish buffets (4) amish hutches (4) amish rockers (5) amish cabinets & cupboards (18) amish lighthouses (1) amish rugs (1) amish chairs (12) amish living room furniture (34) amish tables (10) amish chests (5) amish lounge chairs (2) amish wine cabinets (2) cottage dressers bring rustic charm to any bedroom bedrooms are the most personal space in any home, which means that they are the ideal space for homeowners to express themselves and flex their creative muscles. the design of any sleeping area should reflect these values and also provide a natural, comforting warmth. full story saturday, december 11, 2010 curio cabinets can be stylish way to store collectibles and antiques many individuals have a passion for collectible or antique items, from coins to figurines to dishes. however, the problem with collecting these items is that they add up quickly and start taking up space. this means that some can become lost or abandoned in an attic or basement. antiques may even be broken when packed away. full story saturday, december 11, 2010 give a unique gift this year with amish wind chimes the prospect of finding the right gift for a loved one can be a daunting task, especially if it's for a relative or friend who one only sees a few times a year. gifts that are too general can seem rushed, while gifts that guess at hobbies can be disastrous. full story friday, december 10, 2010 amish dining room tables can add a formal touch to a room this holiday season may get homeowners thinking about ways that they could improve their dining room. many individuals may choose to redesign a casual setting so that it is more formal and sophisticated. full story friday, december 10, 2010 versatile amish night stands can complement any room when it comes to decorating a room, finding ways to store accessories and other items is the most important step to ensuring that clutter is kept to a minimum. whether a homeowner is trying to improve a living room, office or bedroom, they can sometimes be at a loss when one bureau or cabinet doesn't prove to be enough to keep everything tidy. full story thursday, december 09, 2010 amish electric fireplaces can be permanent, relaxing additions to a home when homeowners are preparing an abode for winter, the first item on their agenda is comfort. the sun now sets in the early evening and the air gets cold outside, so this often means that keeping a room warm becomes vital. full story wednesday, december 08, 2010 amish buffets and servers are sophisticated solutions for meals when it's time for a fancy dinner, the presentation is as important as the preparation. guests should be wowed in any dining room, but hosts are often working too hard on dinner to make their best efforts to impress. full story wednesday, december 08, 2010 relax in amish living room furniture during long winter nights one of the best aspects of the winter is being able to curl up in a comfortable chair with a book and a blanket. however, some chairs are more suited for this than others. full story wednesday, december 08, 2010 encourage studious children with an amish desk this holiday season, parents may start to look for more practical gifts to give to their children. many kids already have enough electronics and toys to last them a lifetime, so it may be time for a change. full story tuesday, december 07, 2010 amish office furniture can make a workspace personal and comfortable an office can sometimes feel too professional and impersonal. since this is the place where employees spend the bulk of their day, one should look for ways that can make the area as comfortable as possible. full story saturday, december 04, 2010 give the gift of comfort with an amish bed sometimes the most meaningful gifts are also the most practical. if a loved one has been complaining about back pain or sleeping troubles, it may be time to consider getting a new bed for a home. full story friday, december 03, 2010 store wine with class with an amish wine rack there comes a point in any wine enthusiast's life where the cupboard simply isn't an adequate place to store vintages. wine is a beverage of class and sophistication and shoving bottles into a shelf doesn't suit the spirit of collecting. full story thursday, december 02, 2010 amish lighthouse furniture offers distinctive pieces for any living room homeowners who are looking to add a creative touch to a living room may be looking for a piece that is both aesthetically pleasing, functional and entertaining. full story wednesday, december 01, 2010 amish jewelry boxes can make memorable gifts this holiday season, stores will be crammed with shoppers who are looking for the perfect gift for their significant other. an amish made jewelry box is a beautiful item that a variety of people will enjoy. these pieces of amish handcrafted furniture are available in a number of different sizes and styles. full story wednesday, december 01, 2010 amish pet furniture can be a unique addition for furry friends pet owners across the country go a long way to make sure that their cat or dog is comfortable and accommodated in a home, but many may also want the animal's accessories to fit with the abode's specific interior design scheme. full story tuesday, november 30, 2010 designing for the holidays with amish coffee tables when the holiday season arrives and relatives visit, individuals often decorate their homes with warm and inviting items that will wow a guest and make them remember their stay. full story tuesday, november 30, 2010 warm up a bedroom with amish furniture keeping a home warm for the winter doesn't just mean that homeowners should stock up on extra blankets and take pains to keep the windows insulated. full story thursday, november 25, 2010 make a dining room warm and welcoming with amish furniture many homeowners may face difficult choices when trying to design the ideal dining room. these spaces serve as gathering points for families after long days at work and school. therefore, it's important to make sure that the atmosphere is relaxed while still providing family members a traditional space to break bread. full story wednesday, november 24, 2010 amish chair, rocker and desk can be a unique gift this holiday season parents are often looking for memorable gifts for children that don't involve batteries, wires or screens. by investing in a more long-lasting item, mom and dad can guarantee that a youngster has a gift that can be treasured for years, instead of months. full story tuesday, november 23, 2010 amish day beds can be ideal for sleepovers homeowners who are trying to design the best bedroom for their child may be looking for effective ways to prepare for the nights that friends sleep over. this can be a challenging task, because space may be limited and sleeping bags can often be uncomfortable solutions. full story saturday, november 20, 2010 reinvent a workspace with an amish laptop credenza desk homeowners who are looking for the right gift for a hard-working individual may want to find accessories and furniture that can help keep an office organized. whether the space is meant for business or leisure time, there are a number of ways that one can improve a work environment. full story friday, november 19, 2010 embrace eco-friendly design with amish bamboo furniture one new design trend that is slowly emerging is that of eco-friendly homes. many individuals are more conscious of the environment than ever before and taking steps in their abodes to conserve and reuse materials. full story thursday, november 18, 2010 add a touch of luxury to a bedroom with an amish floor mirror those who are looking for an ideal gift for a loved one may want to consider items that can make a bedroom more comfortable and luxurious. redesigning a space can leave a lasting impact for years to come, particularly if new furniture is added. full story thursday, november 18, 2010 welcome a guest to a home with amish handcrafted furniture homeowners are often struggling to come up with a proper way to decorate a foyer. this is the first part of the house that a guest sees and should be indicative of the rest of the abode's decor. full story wednesday, november 17, 2010 stay professional with amish file cabinets due to common space constraints, home offices can often be cramped and disorganized. whether they are part of the attic, basement or a small corner in another room, individuals are often looking for ways to make their home working environments feel personal, but not too homey. full story tuesday, november 16, 2010 make a warm winter den with an amish entertainment center as the weather begins to get too cold for outdoor activities and homeowners are spending more time indoors, many may be looking for a way to create a cozy den that can be comfortable and relaxing during even the coldest of winter nights. full story tuesday, november 16, 2010 make a living room comfortable and unique with an amish sofa when homeowners are preparing for company during the holiday seasons, one of the more important things to consider is where the guests will stay during their leisure time. full story saturday, november 13, 2010 make a guest room warm and inviting with an amish night stand november and december are the peak of the holiday season, which means that many families may be getting together at one house to celebrate. hosts may want to prepare for these guests by making a special guest room that is both comfortable and aesthetic. full story friday, november 12, 2010 amish podiums and lecterns can be focal points of a conference room any employer knows that meetings can be a key to productive and united teamwork. however, creating a compelling environment that keeps workers involved can be difficult, particularly with rooms that don't have a place that is conducive to those who are speaking or giving presentations. full story friday, november 12, 2010 amish dining tables can help make the most of a small home individuals whose homes are smaller than most may find themselves constantly looking for ways to make the most of the space. full story thursday, november 11, 2010 get organized with amish bedroom furniture the winter can mean a lot of heavy and scattered garments - gloves, hats, coats, snowpants and sweaters. this new round of clothes can cause a lot of clutter in closets and wardrobes, which means that homeowners may want to try and find other ways to stay organized. full story wednesday, november 10, 2010 increase a home's value with amish kitchen furniture those who want to increase the resale value of their home may first want to take a look at the kitchen. the national association of realtors estimates that more than 72 percent of kitchen renovations can enhance the value of a residence. full story wednesday, november 10, 2010 make a classy, recreational bar with amish furniture having a sophisticated and relaxed area in a home where loved ones and guests can gather and converse can be ideal for the colder months, when the outdoors is often too uncomfortable for parties. full story tuesday, november 09, 2010 amish chest can help keep a living room organized having an active family can sometimes mean that it feels like there's never enough time to keep the household tidy. children usually don't check to see if they have hung their jacket in the closet or safely stowed away video game controllers or toys. full story saturday, november 06, 2010 swiss valley rockers provide a unique seat in the office whether at a home office or a multi-level building, employees are often looking for ways to customize their workplace in order to make it personal and comfortable. full story saturday, november 06, 2010 make a bedroom warm and inviting with an amish bed some homowners may feel that their bedrooms are in desperate need of an update. a space with very little personality won't be a room that can act as an intimate sanctuary. full story friday, november 05, 2010 display valuables with amish hutches the holiday season is the time for relatives and friends to visit and many homeowners may be trying to prepare a dining room for the arrival of these guests. full story thursday, november 04, 2010 renew a washroom with amish bathroom shelves many homeowners may be looking to update their bathroom as temperatures drop and warm water becomes more of a priority. full story thursday, november 04, 2010 make room for winter apparel with an amish armoire winter is almost here and many homeowners may start acknowledging the season by outfitting couches, chairs and beds with new layers of blankets. while this can help keep rooms warm during the colder months, extra linens can often pile up and create a lot of clutter. full story wednesday, november 03, 2010 amish clocks and desks can add dignity to a home library whether a home library is a corner by a bookshelf with a lamp and a chair or a cavernous room with thousands of volumes, homeowners who are avid readers may also be looking for other ways to create a distinguished and personal getaway where they can lounge on a chair and read their favorite novel. full story tuesday, november 02, 2010 prepare for winter with amish quilts with november finally here, many homeowners may want to consider preparing an abode for winter by trying to find creative and fashionable ways to keep a home comfortable. having alternative ways to keep warm can cut down on heating bills and also lend a degree of luxury to a bedroom or living room. full story tuesday, november 02, 2010 create an effective and productive home office with amish furniture home offices are a popular trend these days, as many employees seek to create an environment that is conducive to productivity, but also reflects the personal comfort of the home. unfortunately, these two elements can often conflict, so it is important to find the right balance between them. full story sunday, october 31, 2010 amish cart wheel chandeliers can add distinctive radiance living rooms are often the place for families to spend time together on the weekends, where parents and children can gather to play board games or watch television. homeowners may want to consider preparing for the winter by outfitting this space with comforting elements that will last through the darker months. full story friday, october 29, 2010 stock up for holiday dinners with amish kitchen accessories the fall season is often a time for family meals and reunions, which means that there are many opportunities for loved ones to connect and enjoy a celebration together. kitchens can often be the ideal spot for gatherings as relatives catch up over cups of coffee and share the latest. full story thursday, october 28, 2010 make a children's room fun with amish shaker child's table when parents design a children's room to be fun and trendy, they may be at a loss for ideas, especially since the toys and interests of youngsters can change so quickly. however, interior designers recently shared some tips for designing a child's ideal room with the creston news advertiser. full story wednesday, october 27, 2010 fill a room with patterned fabric and simple furniture when homeowners design a room to reflect their personality, they may initially be stumped on how to gracefully incorporate different patterns into their decor. the daily news online suggests that, by using vibrant colors and patterns, any individual can make a space their own. full story tuesday, october 26, 2010 make memories with an amish dining room table in a world of constant e-mails, phone calls and text messages, it can often seem difficult to get the whole family together for an uninterrupted meal where everyone can enjoy each other's company. full story saturday, october 23, 2010 design a long-lasting kid's bedroom with an amish small computer desk parents who are designing a room that is meant for a young child may be tempted to decorate with characters and colors that might appeal to the youngster - such as spongebob squarepants, dora the explorer and other popular icons - but the washington examiner reports that it may be more cost-effective to make the room a little more neutral. full story friday, october 22, 2010 create a practical and aesthetic centerpiece in a living room with an amish entertainment center homeowners looking to change the appearance of their living room may not know how to start, but interior designers jean wall and joan robinson-whitaker recently shared some of their secrets with staradvertiser.com. full story thursday, october 21, 2010 prepare a bedroom for years to come with an amish chest of drawers sharon litton of norfolk, virginia, recently had her new home designed to accommodate the needs of her two growing children so that it would be as comfortable for them in five years as it is in a week, according to hamptonroads.com. full story wednesday, october 20, 2010 complement bathroom floors with an amish vanity mirror when it comes to designing a bathroom, flooring is sometimes the last feature that homeowners consider. one way to balance affordability and beauty is to opt for ceramic tiles, which can suit a variety of different interior themes, according to expressbuzz.com. full story wednesday, october 20, 2010 amish electric fireplace can be a blend of design tastes couples who live together can know how difficult it is to agree one every piece of furniture and color of a room, but expressnightout.com claims that it's important for homeowners to keep the other individual's preferences in mind when designing a space. full story tuesday, october 19, 2010 convert a lawn into an oasis of calm with amish cypress patio furniture janet and larry french of huntington beach, california, recently decided to transform their old, unused backyard into an area of the home that seamlessly blends the outdoors with the interior, according to the los angeles times. full story tuesday, october 19, 2010 create an heirloom look with an amish bookcase and other antiques many hand-me-down pieces of furniture can sit in attics or basements for years, because homeowners have no idea how to arrange them in a current residence. however, chicagonow.com reports that there are some ways that these pieces can be renewed, so that they can lend a traditional and dignified atmosphere to a home. full story tuesday, october 19, 2010 throw an autumn party with amish adirondack chairs while many may have already stored their outdoor furniture in the garage for the summer, some homeowners may want to celebrate the coming of fall with a party in the backyard and the charlotte observer recently suggested easy ways for hosts to entertain their guests. full story saturday, october 16, 2010 amish beds can turn a bedroom into a calm sanctuary interior design is often focused on public spaces and homeowners tend to emphasize aspects of the abode that will be seen by others, but the metro reports that making a calm and beautiful, personal bedroom can be just as important. full story friday, october 15, 2010 turn any room into a home office with an amish desk when homeowners are considering the addition of a home office to their abode, individuals often consider intensive and costly renovations. however, shelterpop.com reports that an office can actually be part of any room, as long as the space is used effectively. full story friday, october 15, 2010 create a distinct living room with an amish coffee table several years ago, builder f. michael lorenzo completed a home in cambria, california, that is marked by a very distinctive, rustic look, and a touch of class created by marble textures and exterior lighting, according to the tribune. full story thursday, october 14, 2010 amish chest can keep a bedroom tidy interior designer lisa staprans recently shared some of her secrets to creating an affordable, bedroom environment that can feel intimate and relaxing. full story wednesday, october 13, 2010 amish bamboo furniture can make a home more eco-friendly trying to "green" a home isn't just better for the environment, with just a bit of planning, it can also have serious health benefits, according to the hindustan times. full story wednesday, october 13, 2010 amish breakfast nook can be a romantic dining spot for couples while most couples still abide by the standard tradition of living in the same residence, the journal reports that many older pairs are choosing to "live together apart." full story tuesday, october 12, 2010 inspire classy, historical touch with amish windsor chairs in the early 1700s, windsor chairs were crafted as lawn furniture in windsor, england, but their trademark durability and design quickly became popular throughout the colonies in the new world, according to apartmenttherapy.com. full story tuesday, october 12, 2010 create a luxurious bedroom with an amish armoire while the styles of kitchens, living spaces and dining rooms can often be customized to fit the theme of a particular home, the bedroom should be designed a little differently, with intimacy and privacy as the focus, according to aboutproperty.uk. full story saturday, october 09, 2010 put a dash of style to a bathroom with an amish cabinet according to the canadian press, several years ago, the ideal luxury bathroom consisted of multiple rooms - there was a jacuzzi, a spacious shower and two sinks. lately, however, interior design for bathrooms seems to revolve around maximizing the amount of space available. full story saturday, october 09, 2010 remodel with an amish kitchen island when it comes to remodeling a part of a house, homeowners may only be able to choose a few spaces to renovate due to budgeting, so it may be wise to select the room that is most used, according to wndu.com. full story friday, october 08, 2010 refresh a stale interior design with amish dining room furniture over the years, many enormous warehouse outlets have encouraged homeowners to sacrifice aesthetic integrity for sales, but according to chicago now, this trend is starting to reverse as individuals are starting to decide to turn their residences into personal spaces once again. full story thursday, october 07, 2010 add an autumn feeling to a home with amish outdoor furniture homeowners who are looking to add new accents to their abode as the leaves begin to fall and days get shorter may want to look no further than the attic for unique decorations, according to the winnipeg free press. full story wednesday, october 06, 2010 cultivate a warm atmosphere with amish beds the weather is getting cooler and for many homeowners, this can mean a sudden effort in making a house as warm and energy-efficient as possible without spending big bucks on renovation projects. full story wednesday, october 06, 2010 make a room larger with an amish chest of drawers homeowners who want to make the most of a small room can often arrange furniture strategically to maximize the amount of space available to them, whether the space is a cramped living room or cluttered bedroom. full story tuesday, october 05, 2010 capture a contemporary and transitional look with an amish executive desk one design trend that has become popular this season is to combine a clean, contemporary look with other pieces of traditional or transitional furniture, because this theme can remain fresh and relevant, even when other styles have come and gone, according to chicoer.com. full story saturday, october 02, 2010 design a kid's bedroom with amish windsor furniture many children have very fickle ideas about what they want and room design is no exception. for this reason, it may be best for parents who are looking to design a kid's bedroom to create a timeless environment that will last for years to come. full story saturday, october 02, 2010 relax in new lighting with amish recliner lighting can be crucial in creating a relaxing atmosphere in a living room, but many homeowners don't pause to consider the various possibilities when they are designing a space, according to lfpress.com. full story friday, october 01, 2010 amish sofas can be good compromise between modern and traditional a couple who has different interior design tastes has found a comfortable middle ground in their toronto, canada, home by blending eccentric, contemporary touches with dignified, traditional furniture, according to torontolife.com. full story thursday, september 30, 2010 create a unique living room with an amish loveseat some couples may be hard-pressed for space when moving into their first home together, which means that the size and durability of every piece of furniture needs to be considered. full story wednesday, september 29, 2010 outfit traditional home with amish queen anne furniture the town of atchison, kansas is speckled with stately victorian mansions that were originally built just on the cusp of the twentieth century and one of them, a three-story brick queen anne, is the home of traditional decorations and an art gallery, according to the lawrence journal-world. full story wednesday, september 29, 2010 make a dining room comfortable with handcrafted dining chairs full story tuesday, september 28, 2010 wow guests with amish hallway cabinets there are several key steps for homeowners to take if guests are arriving and one wants to add some dazzle to a home on short notice, according to interior designer derek taylor, who recently spoke to easier.com. full story tuesday, september 28, 2010 keep an office uncluttered with an amish laptop storage end table desks can often become disorganized when papers, cords and other accessories start to pile up. this is particularly true for those who hook laptops up to monitors and use multiple screens for work. unplugging and hiding these extra wires can be a hassle, as they can easily get tangled. full story saturday, september 25, 2010 giving a kitchen a farmhouse feel with amish kitchen accessories many homeowners may want to add a rustic charm to their kitchen, so that it feels cozier and warmer than many modern kitchens, which can often feel cold and sparse. a farmhouse-style kitchen, which can inspire traditional, communal values, can be a lovely area in which loved ones can gather. full story friday, september 24, 2010 add stability to a vacation home with an amish bed vacation homes are calm sanctuaries far from a busy city or suburb, but many people also rent them out when they aren't using them. realestateweb.co.za recently suggested some tips for those who are renting their home-away-from-home to others. full story friday, september 24, 2010 blend modern and traditional design with an amish chest the san fransisco home of architect andrew dunbar is a beautiful blend of modern and traditional design schemes that has taken the family 10 years and $350,000 to complete, according to the new york times. full story thursday, september 23, 2010 storage solutions for a cluttered office with an amish desk offices can quickly become disorganized and cluttered with stacks of paper, supplies and yesterday's lunch, but there are some effective ways to add storage space that may improve productivity and efficiency. full story wednesday, september 22, 2010 new autumn fashion may be found in vintage items the telegraph reports that one decorating trend that has been gaining in popularity this season is to outfit a home with a few flea market trinkets and traditional furniture, to reflect a rustic and homey appearance. full story wednesday, september 22, 2010 amish bookcases are ideal room dividers a popular new trend in interior design is separating a room with a strategically placed piece of furniture, such as a bookcase or screen, according to news-press.com. this addition can turn one corner of a room into an intimate spot. full story tuesday, september 21, 2010 amish footstools can help make a relaxing media room hometheaterreview.com recently suggested five planning steps that homeowners should consider when designing a media room that is meant to double as a computer area and home theater. these steps are meant to act as blueprints for the construction process, and can help make a new space functional and intimate. full story saturday, september 18, 2010 solid wood dining chairs can be ideal for garden views inquirer.net reports that a popular design trend is to have a bedroom that has a door leading directly to a garden, where a homeowner can find sanctuary from the stresses of a long day. fashion designer mike de la rosa shared his own house to show off the benefits of this set-up. full story saturday, september 18, 2010 use an amish dining table to bring natural warmth into a home the cold weather and fading daylight can often have an effect on the interior of a home and homeowners may want to redecorate with warmer colors that can keep rooms bright all winter long, according to the evansville courier & press. full story saturday, september 18, 2010 create a rustic bathroom with an amish towel rack a recent popular trend within the united states and europe is to give a rustic, french appearance to a bathroom, using paints and furniture to create a more natural feeling within the space, according to lonad.com. full story saturday, september 18, 2010 get ready for fall with amish country wind chimes as the months get cooler and the colors of the trees begin to change, some homeowners may want to redecorate to get into the spirit of the new season, but have no idea where to start. the daily herald recommends several easy ways to signify the passing of summer. full story thursday, september 16, 2010 amish armoires are dignified additions to a bedroom the arizona daily star recently reported that many homeowners neglect their bedroom when redesigning a home, which can leave the space unremarkable and impersonal. full story wednesday, september 15, 2010 add personality to contemporary rooms with amish tv stands the manila bulletin reports that the common trend of contemporary design often emphasizes a spare, uncluttered appearance with a few sleek appliances and pieces of furniture, but this may leave a room feeling cold and uninviting. full story wednesday, september 15, 2010 make a room colorful and dry with an amish rug rooms with sinks, such as kitchens or bathrooms, can often suffer from water damage due to spills. washing dishes in the kitchen can lead to spills or splashes on the floor and most mats can't hold up to the repeated overflow. full story tuesday, september 14, 2010 more amish turning to alternative crafts for income anywhere from 400 to 800 amish farmers and their families have recently migrated to colorado, where the different climate has made many turn to alternative sources of income, instead of their traditional farming methods, according to the denver post. full story sunday, september 12, 2010 make a large room intimate with amish sofas the orlando sentinel reports that it can sometimes be difficult to bring an intimate feel to the bigger rooms of a home, but some designers give homeowners tips on how to make even the largest space feel cozier. full story friday, september 10, 2010 design a long-lasting children's room with an amish chest of drawers the canadian press reports that when parents are decorating a child's room, it may be more cost-efficient to create the space with long-lasting touches, instead of age-specific ones. full story thursday, september 09, 2010 make a living room formal with an amish coffee table the evansville courier & press recently reported that there are some key steps that homeowners must take if they are looking to turn a room into a formal or traditional space of the house. full story thursday, september 09, 2010 declutter a college student's bedroom with an amish chest now that college students have left for school, it may be time to decide how to keep their bedrooms organized before they come back for thanksgiving break. parents who are hesitant to throw away items may instead want to invest in storage solutions. full story wednesday, september 08, 2010 amish office furntiure can mark tradition in an office president obama recently redesigned the oval office, giving it a whole new makeover and effectively creating a new atmosphere. much of this new theme relied on the use of neutral colors, such as beige, and relaxing, striped wallpaper. full story saturday, september 04, 2010 create a homework nook with amish furniture create a homework nook with amish furniture the old idea of a domestic study, a private space for adults to quietly read and work, may be giving way to a new kind of a study, - one where the whole family can gather and participate in different tasks, according to the calgary herald. full story saturday, september 04, 2010 amish cottage collection can add natural feel to an art studio many amateur artists choose to work in the peace and quiet of their own home, but can often face setbacks when confronted with the noisy reality of the household. a key to success may be creating an art studio that reflects the calm of nature, which can help separate the room from the stresses of home. full story friday, september 03, 2010 make a kitchen seem bigger with amish kitchen accessories kitchens are often the highest-traffic areas in a home, which can make them feel cramped and stressful. one way homeowners can instill a sense of calm into these spaces is to reduce clutter and strategically rearrange items. full story thursday, september 02, 2010 prepare for labor day with amish cypress patio furniture the coming of fall means cooler temperatures, but this won't necessarily dissuade homeowners from throwing end-of-the-summer barbecues, especially with labor day quickly approaching. full story wednesday, september 01, 2010 amish podium lectern ideal for conference rooms hosting an important conference can be a stressful time, and it may feel as though every aspect of the room's design can make a difference - conference rooms should be relaxed, but professional. full story tuesday, august 31, 2010 amish hutches and paint can help expand a dining room the las vegas review-journal reports that homeowners who are looking to broaden a living space can accomplish this feat easily and effectively by painting the walls in their abode a different color. full story saturday, august 28, 2010 amish murphy bed can be ideal for converting spare room into guest room across the country, college students are moving out of their parents' homes and into dormitories. this can leave a bedroom open for renovation, and homeowners can convert the space into a guest room. full story friday, august 27, 2010 enjoy the last picnics of the year with amish baskets and crates as the end of august approaches and households everywhere are preparing for the cooler months ahead, some families may want to commemorate the passing of another summer by spending it in the great outdoors. full story thursday, august 26, 2010 designing a front hall with amish quarryville benches for homes that are generally frequented by guests it can be a good idea to keep a front hall as inviting as possible, while keeping the visit memorable. full story wednesday, august 25, 2010 amish furniture cart wheel chandelier can add rustic touch to living room as the central gathering points for the family to relax and talk to each other, living rooms can be spaces that reflect the common interest of the household. they are also areas for relaxation. full story wednesday, august 25, 2010 amish curios can spark interest in an office office employees and executives are always looking for ways to leave a lasting impression on clients who visit the work place. livemint.com reports that one company, bang bang films, recently invested heavily into an office that would ring with a unique and inspiring theme. full story tuesday, august 24, 2010 amish jewelry boxes can be thoughtful gifts for college across the country, students are getting ready to move away from home and undertake studies at colleges and universities, some of which may be located far away. it may be a good idea to get them a small but memorable piece of amish bedroom furniture to commemorate the occasion. full story tuesday, august 24, 2010 add light and space to a room with an amish mirror many homeowners eventually want to create the feeling of space in a room and make a home appear more open, but are cautious about any drastic renovations or changes to achieve this feature. full story saturday, august 21, 2010 amish rockers can provide health benefits rocking chairs can be important elements of a living room or a porch. they are traditional staples of the american experience and can play a significant role in fostering conversation and gatherings. full story friday, august 20, 2010 make a home safer with amish bamboo furniture dr frank lipman, an integrative physician, recently wrote in the huffington post that the average home contains anywhere from 500 to 1,000 chemicals that can't be detected by humans, but may end up harming families. full story thursday, august 19, 2010 prepare for the cooler months with an amish coat rack august is already halfway over, which means that temperatures are likely to begin cooling as the summer ends and fall begins. this shift in the weather can mean heavy jackets and sweatshirts. full story wednesday, august 18, 2010 keeping a coffee table organized with an amish magazine rack since they are often spaces for the family and guests, living rooms are ideal locations for household items that can give a home a unique and engaging touch. while this can include the television and game tables, an array of magazines can help add variety and some spots of color to a space. full story tuesday, august 17, 2010 complete a porch with amish outdoor furniture porches are making a comeback in popularity as they are additions to homes that may bolster a sense of community and conversation. according to the buffalo news, the national association of home builders predicts that porches will become prevalent features of houses by 2015. full story saturday, august 14, 2010 make an amish bed the center of the bedroom the bedroom is often the sanctuary from the rest of the outside world, where individuals go to unwind after a long day. for this reason, the arrangement of a bedroom is highly important, since it is the space where individuals can feel completely relaxed. full story friday, august 13, 2010 amish handcrafted chairs can add atmosphere to a dining room when decorating a dining room, some experts suggest that homeowners pay careful attention to the area's wall color and furniture selection. colors can have a vastly different effect on the overall feel of a room and house-painting-info.com recommends several combinations will can help achieve a certain level of formality. full story thursday, august 12, 2010 the professional touch of an amish computer desk home businesses and executive offices often require the perfect desk. desks can be the focal point of productivity and efficiency, so it's always a good idea to invest in something will last and, above all, convey a subtle sense of professionalism to visitors and clients. full story thursday, august 12, 2010 transform a room using an amish end table sometimes, a homeowner may ache for a change. reinventing a room might seem like a laborious task, but that's not necessarily the case. with a few creative flourishes, an area can be completely but easily transformed. full story wednesday, august 11, 2010 reduce pet allergies with amish furniture for pet lovers who also happen to be allergic to animals, dander and hair can be an unfortunate consequence to owning an animal. however, veterinarian shawn messonnier recently wrote on basilandspice.com that there are some strategic ways that homeowners could reduce their sneezing. full story wednesday, august 11, 2010 personalize a dinner party with amish dining room furniture when hosting a dinner party, homeowners may want a dining room to have a distinctive and memorable look that will leaving a lasting impression. there are a few design ideas for making the dining experience a reflection of a household's personality, without overwhelming guests. full story tuesday, august 10, 2010 store cds and dvds in a solid place with an amish cd rack it's very easy to accumulate an array of cds and dvds throughout the years and these fragile, plastic discs need to be kept from getting scratched or dusty, so it's a good idea for homeowners to invest in a way to store them. full story tuesday, august 10, 2010 amish made lazy susans bring simplicity to dining tables the dining room is often the area where the household gathers, especially when family members have radically different schedules involving work, school and extracurricular activities. dinner is sometimes the only occasion for a family to spend come together, so it's crucial to have a dining table to be as efficient and stress-free as possible. full story saturday, august 07, 2010 emphasize reading with an amish bookcase as the summer winds down and schools open their doors once again, experts suggest that parents encourage children to get into the habit of reading. this is a valuable and entertaining activity, but it can sometimes be difficult to get kids into a comfortable literary routine. full story friday, august 06, 2010 bringing the family together with an amish breakfast nook set there is a certain charm related to making the most of small spaces. a cozy dining room or kitchen may bring a family closer together during meals, where when busy schedules often make occasions disjointed and hectic. full story friday, august 06, 2010 add style and storage with an amish dresser since bedrooms are often the most intimate place of in a home, they are also the most personal. that means that a accessories and other belongings can build up in corners, on the floor or in the closet, and a cluttered bedroom is anything but comfortable. full story thursday, august 05, 2010 going back in time with amish hickory furniture when designing the decor for his cabin-style restaurant, patrick quinn, the co-owner of mackinaws in green bay, wisconsin, decided to keep the designs simple. full story wednesday, august 04, 2010 making a living room cozy with an amish electric fireplace sometimes, the key to making a home intimate and comfortable is a unique feature, like a fireplace. according to the seattle times, a fireplace can be a great addition to a modern home, due to its ability to bring both physical and visual warmth to a space. full story wednesday, august 04, 2010 amish adirondack chairs are ideal for backyards and porches few things are as relaxing as sitting down and watching the sunset from home, or talking to friends or family in the sunlight. the trick to having seating for outdoor porches or backyard settings is to make sure that the furniture blends with the aesthetic of the household. full story tuesday, august 03, 2010 making a dignified room with an amish wine cabinet some wine enthusiasts may have often thought about redesigning a room into a place to store and serve wine, but were discouraged by the thought of the effort involved. however, doityourself.com suggests some steps that may make the process much easier. full story tuesday, august 03, 2010 open up a kitchen with an amish kitchen island a kitchen is often the part of a home where a family spends the most time. preparing meals, doing dishes and sorting groceries are some of the most regular events of a day, so a kitchen that is cramped or cluttered can present a huge obstacle to homeowners. full story saturday, july 31, 2010 amish lighting provides homes with unique shine lighting can sometimes be the part of the household that is neglected,comma but with a touch of creativity and planning, homeowners can light up the corners of a room, yard or driveway to make sure there is a soft and relaxing glow. full story saturday, july 31, 2010 turn an amish armoire into a personal space there are few pieces as versatile as an armoire. these cabinets provide unparalleled storage space in a home, as they serve as organizational spaces for personal belongings that may otherwise clutter floors or closets. full story friday, july 30, 2010 furnish a study area with an amish clock study areas are an important part of any living space, whether the room is located in a home, office or dormitory. with young men and women getting prepared to leave for college in less than a month, it may be time to consider giving them small, study-specific gifts. full story friday, july 30, 2010 increase dining room storage with amish made buffet when selecting pieces of amish dining room furniture, homeowners often put a great deal of thought into the table and chairs, as these items are often the focal point of the room. but sometimes, there are other pieces to consider. full story friday, july 30, 2010 amish end tables are ideal pieces in living rooms furnishing one's living room can be difficult, as the space can be filled with a plethora of items, from couches to carpets, tables to televisions. living rooms can be casual spaces occupied by family, as well as elegant areas designed for entertaining company. full story friday, july 30, 2010 amish office furniture ideal for home workspace when furnishing a home workspace, finding the perfect desk may be of the utmost importance. but before purchasing an item, individuals may want to consider their office needs. full story friday, july 30, 2010 add charm to a yard with pieces of decorative amish furniture many homeowners opt to beautify their backyards with gardens, flowerbeds and landscaping, but those without green thumbs can spruce up their outdoor space as well, filling the space with pieces of amish furniture. full story friday, july 30, 2010 make a country cabin with amish log furniture an emerging trend in home design is making a home feel rustic, yet beautiful. within the past few years, one particular style, commonly referred to as up country, has gained popularity, according to goodbyecitylife.com. full story thursday, july 29, 2010 design a luxurious bedroom complete with an amish vanity a bedroom often serves as a personal sanctuary from the rest of the world, and above all else, it should reflect a homeowner's personality. the more customized this space is, the more intimate, so it's always a good idea to design a bedroom with comfort in mind. full story thursday, july 29, 2010 make a living room eco-friendly with an amish bamboo coffee table green designs are an increasingly popular trend in interiors, so that homeowners leave less of a carbon footprint. this may save expenses on utility bills, and can give a household a unique, natural feel. full story wednesday, july 28, 2010 manage small summer homes with amish toy chests vacations often mean trips to residences that aren't as accommodating as a family's home, especially if everyone is staying with relatives or friends. full story wednesday, july 28, 2010 liven up a yard with an amish birdhouse a fondness of birds seems to be an american tradition. pillows, plates and other home decorations are all themed with colorful feathers and beaks, and northjersey.com reports that this is a trend that is growing in popularity. full story tuesday, july 27, 2010 replace metal cabinets with amish file cabinets when designing or rearranging a home office, it's crucial to make it feel professional, yet comfortable enough to be productive. this can be a delicate balance, as work spaces can quickly become cluttered and cramped with paperwork and computer equipment. full story tuesday, july 27, 2010 find a family activity with amish game tables in an active household, it's sometimes hard to find something that will entertain the whole family. many children entertain themselves with a computer or television, and parents are largely left out of the loop. full story saturday, july 24, 2010 amish night stands can add storage and beauty to the bedroom storage can be a problem in some bedrooms, especially in rooms that lack closets or space for a proper bureau. it is often hard to design a bedroom with many other pieces of furniture in mind, since the bed is the centerpiece. full story friday, july 23, 2010 creating a home theater with an amish entertainment center home theaters can be a great way to get friends and family together to enjoy a movie or television show. they can also serve as an area for much needed relaxation in a busy household. before moving furniture and wires around, however, it's best to plan for this new addition. full story friday, july 23, 2010 encourage good studying habits with amish desks whether kids are starting middle school, high school, or college, it's a good idea to promote strong study habits for schoolwork, especially since these values begin at home. full story thursday, july 22, 2010 display heirlooms and fine silverware in an amish hutch there are some items in a household that are special, but are rarely used. these possessions can be sentimental, such as heirlooms, or just for special occasions, like fine china and expensive silverware. full story wednesday, july 21, 2010 completing a living room with an amish footstool living rooms are usually the spot in a home where the family gathers after a meal to relax or late at night to chat, watch television or play a board game. usually, these spaces are complemented by couches and chairs that are soft and comfortable, so people can genuinely feel calm after a long day. full story wednesday, july 21, 2010 making a traditional bar with amish furniture after a long day at work or out in the sun, it's good to have a place in one's home where it's possible to relax and enjoy the hours of the evening. bars are often places for conversation between friends or family, and having one in the house can function as a centerpiece for these gatherings. full story tuesday, july 20, 2010 amish benches are ideal for summer gardens summers are usually the peak time for colorful yards. gardeners across the country have spent countless months weeding and cultivating in anticipation of warmer months, and these are the days when the hard work pays off. full story saturday, july 17, 2010 expanding a bedroom with an amish chest a bedroom often stores some of a household's most personal supplies. these can include heirlooms or other valuables, and it's sometimes difficult to store these belongings in an organized or economic manner. full story saturday, july 17, 2010 building a home library with an amish bookcase libraries are calm environments of learning and knowledge. they can add dignity to any household that values reading rooms and books. full story friday, july 16, 2010 making a home green with amish bamboo furniture experts claim that making a home environmentally friendly can not only make a household healthier, it can also save money. full story thursday, july 15, 2010 learning to relax with the amish porch swing summer days are special because, when the work day ends, the sun is still shining. one great way to relax after spending hours on the job is to sit outside on a porch swing, according to kaboose.com. full story tuesday, july 13, 2010 giving a home a classic feel with amish furniture while some individuals prefer a modern decor, others are starting to favor a rustic, traditional look, according to lifestyle.com. full story tuesday, july 13, 2010 make an office professional with amish office furniture when running a business from home, it's vital to maintain a professional atmosphere. the office's theme should not be too relaxed, however, especially since visiting clients may be discouraged by a space that seems overly casual. full story monday, july 12, 2010 amish dining room furniture for traditional dining parties with many dinners becoming quick, disorganized affairs, there's something special about having a formal dinner party. those who find time to plan such an occasion should be sure to outfit a dining room for a more classical dinner. full story friday, july 09, 2010 amish chairs are a perfect addition to summer porches a home's porch serves as a relaxing oasis. apartmentratings.com suggests that it can also serve as a calm, conversational setting for family and friends during summer nights. full story thursday, july 08, 2010 amish work ethic makes furniture premium and durable this summer, there will be up to six barn raisings across new york state, reports the oneida daily dispatch. full story wednesday, july 07, 2010 amish conversion cribs are a fantastic investment for new parents when furnishing a nursery, the most important item purchased may be the crib. given the amount of time newborns spend in the piece, it's imperative that the crib be of the highest quality. shabbily constructed furniture can splinter, wobble and even fall apart, creating a dangerous environment for the baby. full story thursday, july 01, 2010 amish bedroom furniture can become a room's focal point homeowners who decorate their bedrooms usually add elegance and style to the room through wall color, window treatments and artwork - but selecting specific pieces of amish bedroom furniture can also add flair to even the simplest living space. full story thursday, july 01, 2010 homeowners should protect their amish furniture from termites wooden furniture has a few natural enemies - an abundance of moisture, cats who like to sharpen their claws on table legs, small children with permanent markers - but no foe is more feared than the termite. termites can turn a beautiful piece of amish furniture into a pitiful pile of sawdust, so those who own the wooden items should make sure to protect their homes against the pesky critters. full story thursday, july 01, 2010 amish made bamboo furniture combines innovation and tradition as green design trends continue to rise in popularity, it seems that one material is getting a lot of attention - bamboo. because the plant's root system isn't harmed during or after harvest, bamboo is a fantastic renewable resource, and extremely environmentally friendly. while it is actually a fast-growing grass, bamboo boasts a similar aesthetic to hardwood, making it an ideal material for eco-conscious furniture. full story thursday, july 01, 2010 boost storage space with amish made coat racks even in large houses, closet space may be limited. instead of squeezing coats and jackets into small storage spaces, why not invest in a beautiful amish made coat rack? full story wednesday, june 30, 2010 add extra storage space by using an amish made chest as a coffee table when arranging living room furniture, it seems that pieces often face towards one particular item - the coffee table. tighter living spaces, which require smaller pieces of furniture, may benefit from the use of an amish made chest as the room's coffee table, as it's both an interesting decorative statement and extremely useful. full story wednesday, june 30, 2010 purchase his and hers amish bedroom furniture when decorating a bathroom, couples often utilize separate 'his' and 'hers' items, to keep the space organized and more manageable for the duo. pairs can apply the same logic when furnishing their bedrooms and purchase his and hers amish bedroom furniture. full story wednesday, june 30, 2010 wooden amish handcrafted furniture looks great in a backyard outdoor furniture is available in a wide range of styles, materials and colors. those looking for a classic decor when furnishing their patios, however, can opt for the traditional look of wooden outdoor furniture. full story wednesday, june 30, 2010 homeowners don't need a bar to utilize amish backless bar stools while many people may not consider purchasing backless bar stools unless they have a bar at which to situate them, the small pieces of amish furniture may actually come in quite handy in a variety of living spaces. full story wednesday, june 30, 2010 don't forget chairs when decorating with amish office furniture when decorating a workspace with amish office furniture, whether at home or at the office, it seems that people go to great lengths to select the perfect desk. depending on the size of their space, they may need a piece that packs a lot of storage, or one that takes up as little space as possible. those who are furnishing an office, however, should not forget to pay just as much attention to the desk's companion - the chair. full story wednesday, june 30, 2010 homes with children may benefit from amish made chests children are notorious for carelessly leaving their shoes and outerwear strewn about when coming in from the outdoors - especially during winter time! to help keep entryways and hallways clean and clear, homeowners may want to purchase an amish made chest. full story wednesday, june 30, 2010 keep publications in order with an amish magazine rack with the seemingly endless barrage of mail, newspapers and magazines, it's easy for rooms to feel cluttered. but stylish methods of organizations can be hard to come by. individuals who wish to keep their publications neatly arranged should purchase an amish made magazine rack. full story wednesday, june 30, 2010 amish made futons turn any living space into a great guest room it can be hard for those in smaller living spaces to host out-of-town guests, especially in homes without guest rooms. those who don't have a spare room, however, can still turn their abode into a makeshift hotel for their traveling acquaintances by purchasing an amish made futon. full story wednesday, june 30, 2010 furnish a breakfast nook with amish dining benches breakfast nooks can be a challenge to furnish, especially when seating resides in the nook's corner. homeowners who face the dilemma of decorating this small space may want to consider investing in amish made dining benches. full story wednesday, june 30, 2010 open bookcases add storage without heavily impacting a room's decor bookcases are fabulous pieces of furniture - they offer an abundance of storage and help to display and organize belongings. but larger shelving units can overwhelm spaces with their heavy design. those who want to utilize the pieces' benefits without overpowering the room's decor can purchase open bookcases. full story wednesday, june 30, 2010 amish made vanities combine style and function in movies from the golden age of cinema, hollywood's most glamorous actresses would sit at their elegant vanity and sophisticatedly apply make-up and do their hair. while the era has since ended, today's women can still treat themselves to a dose of hollywood charm and set-up a vanity of their own. full story wednesday, june 30, 2010 amish made bread boxes make a wonderful wedding gift getting newlyweds a gift for the home they'll share after the wedding is a sweet statement, and let's the couple know that you support their life together. the kitchen is referred to as the heart of one's home, so items for this room are the perfect wedding present. full story wednesday, june 30, 2010 amish made rocking chairs for more than just nurseries rocking chairs seem to be a staple for nurseries as they are ideal for rocking a newborn back to sleep, or for parents to sit in while holding their little one and reading him or her a bedtime story. but homeowners may want to consider adding the chair to other rooms in their house as well. full story tuesday, june 29, 2010 platform beds with built-in drawers combine beauty and function when selecting furniture, it's not uncommon for homeowners to desire pieces that are both visually stunning and supremely functional. amish made platform beds with built-in drawers offer individuals beautiful wooden design as well as helpful storage space. full story tuesday, june 29, 2010 small kitchens may benefit from amish wooden spice racks counter and cabinet space can be a precious commodity in kitchens, especially in homes without pantries. those who want to save some space in their kitchens should consider purchasing an amish wooden spice rack. full story tuesday, june 29, 2010 selecting the appropriate amish dining room furniture the table is often the focal point of one's dining room. but, given the wide range of tables available, homeowners may have trouble deciding on the perfect shape - round, rectangular or oblong. full story tuesday, june 29, 2010 amish made bookcases help apartment dwellers store belongings when decorating an apartment or small house, it seems that individuals are constantly seeking more space, whether it be for storage or to live in. while some may think filling their homes with furniture could be a mistake, one industry expert says that particular pieces of furniture may be a space-saver that opens up the abode. full story thursday, june 24, 2010 personalize one's living space with amish furniture often, when selecting pieces with which to redecorate their living space, homeowners consider what would be attractive to potential buyers, should the time come for the house to be sold. but some experts are suggesting that people decorate their home to dwell, not sell. full story wednesday, june 23, 2010 arrange your amish furniture to open up a living space homeowners who want to make their small spaces appear larger may often be told to get rid of furniture, but this may not be the best decision. experts emphasize that matching pieces, when smartly arranged, can open up one's rooms. full story friday, june 18, 2010 amish made entertainment centers can accompany a variety of television sets while more and more televisions that hang from the walls are being produced, homeowners shouldn't discount the benefits of an entertainment center - they provide ample storage and can even provide a room with a beautiful focal point. full story friday, june 18, 2010 amish polywood furniture can be used year-round homeowners across the country are excitedly furnishing their backyards with chairs, tables and other items that will enable them to relax in the warm summer air. some individuals who live in seasonal climates, however, may be hesitant to invest in pieces that will only be used for a few months every year. full story wednesday, june 16, 2010 amish furniture can unify a room's style when homeowners debbie and tim farrand wanted to decorate their home in harford county, maryland, they sought for a way to combine a country theme with their vast collection of antiques. to display their memorabilia, the couple selected rustic wooden furniture. full story wednesday, june 16, 2010 add a functional amish made ottoman to your family room homeowners who often recline to unwind should consider investing in a beautiful amish made ottoman. these cute pieces of amish made furniture are wonderfully functional and add charm to any room. full story monday, june 07, 2010 amish furniture is ideal in a baby's room when furnishing a nursery, parents may want to combine function and form, and creating the ideal environment can be easy with a few simple pieces of amish furniture. full story friday, june 04, 2010 purchase amish handcrafted furniture before selecting a room's decor upon first moving into a new home, decorating the empty living space can seem daunting and overwhelming. instead of beginning with wall color and window treatments, start by investing in a few pieces of amish handcrafted furniture. these timeless pieces are useful and can match a multitide of design themes. full story friday, june 04, 2010 dress up your bathroom with amish made furniture while many people spend time filling their living rooms, bedrooms and dining areas with furniture, it seems few people take time to furnish their bathrooms. but homeowners may want to decorate their washroom with amish made pieces, especially when the room connects to the bedroom. full story friday, june 04, 2010 amish agree with recent study's findings according to koam tv, many amish workers agree with a recent study's findings that the high success rate of amish businesses can be attributed to creativity, sense of community and an emphasis on happiness. the news source reports that instead of looking at dollar signs in a business, amish workers focus on faith. full story thursday, june 03, 2010 decorate your home work space with amish office furniture while working from home may be becoming an increasingly popular way of life, it requires extreme focus. "working at home is a delicate balance between being productive on the job and avoiding distractions like that pile of laundry. it's all about organization," cheryl haga, who works from home, told mercurynews.com. to help keep distractions at bay, those who work from home may want to create a home office - an area designated exclusively for work. full story wednesday, june 02, 2010 amish handcrafted furniture reflects trends found at the international contemporary furniture fair the 22nd annual international contemporary furniture fair took place last week in new york. the new york times reports that the event, which showcases what designers and manufacturers are currently producing, was held in a 145,000 square-foot exhibition space. full story wednesday, june 02, 2010 it's easy to decorate an open-plan room when using amish furniture certain living spaces, like open-plan rooms where only one wall is solid, may be harder to decorate than other, more conventional areas. but, by utilizing the right pieces of amish furniture, it's easy to create a functional yet stylish room. full story tuesday, june 01, 2010 decorate a covered porch with amish furniture while warm weather may mean more people spend time outside, the hotter temperatures also allow homeowners to take advantage of their covered porches. decorating this area, however, may confuse some as the aesthetic combines outdoor comfort with indoor chic. full story tuesday, june 01, 2010 the right amish bedroom furniture can complement a small bedroom small bedrooms are always a challenge to decorate - the room should be well-furnished without feeling cuttered. homeowners shouldn't have to sacrifice style for space, and with the right amish bedroom furniture, rooms can be chic and comfortable. full story monday, may 31, 2010 green homeowners can purchase amish made bamboo furniture eco-friendly home design has been an ever-increasing trend. in fact, according to the daytona beach news-journal, the flagler/palm coast home builders association in florida is offering residents green building classes. these seminars will cover topics like the role of third-party certifiers and will provide information on products and services that contribute to green building efforts. full story friday, may 28, 2010 amish handcrafted mailboxes are a cute wedding gift it's tricky to find the perfect wedding gift for a loved one - it should be precious and timeless, something that the couple can appreciate for years to come. newlyweds would love to receive a beautiful amish handcrafted mailbox, truly a unique gift. full story friday, may 28, 2010 reproduction furniture and amish handcrafted furniture may appeal to antique collectors many people may enjoy buying antiques for aesthetic reasons. antique furniture boasts an old-time appeal and resonates warmth and craftsmanship. but along with their beauty comes a plethora of problems - weakened materials, broken hinges and an overall depreciation in quality. full story thursday, may 27, 2010 amish made cribs are a great investment for those planning a large family as one's family grows, the need for furnished bedrooms also increases. when decorating nurseries, why not fill the room with amish made furniture? it is a beautiful and sturdy investment, and perfect for a family that is planning on having more kids. full story thursday, may 27, 2010 amish polywood furniture can help homeowners personalize their outdoors upon hearing the phrase "outdoor furniture," many people may think of boring pieces that splinter in the rain and crack in the sun, made from uncomfortable materials. but amish polywood outdoor furniture is just the opposite, and provides homeowners with comfortable yet stylish pieces. full story thursday, may 27, 2010 amish made pie safe is great in any room while some pieces of amish made furniture seem out of place in certain rooms - a bed in the kitchen, a dining table in the bedroom - there is one item that is functional and great looking in any room - a pie safe. full story wednesday, may 26, 2010 an amish made wine rack is a great addition to any home it seems that all too often storage is built for function only, and style seems to fall by the wayside. amish handcrafted furniture, however, blends form and function in their beautiful yet useful pieces. an amish wine rack is a great way to store bottles without compromising the room's aesthetics. full story wednesday, may 26, 2010 amish heritage site auctioned amish furniture to raise money during the eighth annual nicholas stolzfus house benefit auction, amish furniture will be sold to raise money for the construction of a barn and heritage center. full story tuesday, may 25, 2010 camp barn built by amish workers a barn being constructed for a summer camp in gilson, illinois, is receiving help from amish builders. according to galesburg.com, approximately nine amish men from danville, ohio, are working on camp akita's structure, and brought their families along. full story monday, may 24, 2010 amish made rolltop desk is a great addition to any multi-purpose room it seems that everybody is trying to make the most of the living space they have, and many homeowners opt to create multi-purpose rooms. a living room that can double as a home office is a great way to utilize space - it will become an area in which company can be entertained and work can be done. those who want to create such a space may want to consider investing in a rolltop desk. full story saturday, may 22, 2010 amish polywood furniture is great for patios in damp climate as memorial day approaches, backyard barbecue season will be officially underway. homeowners may want to invest in amish outdoor furniture to spruce up their backyard, prepare for outdoor entertainment and create a great environment to relax in on warm summer nights. full story thursday, may 20, 2010 amish made log furniture embraces rustic design trend according to the standard, a current trend in wooden furniture seems to favor a rustic aesthetic. those interested in adopting the rugged look in their homes should consider amish furniture. amish made log furniture possesses the timeless appeal of other amish furniture, but also boasts a rustic beauty. full story wednesday, may 19, 2010 amish made chests are a great addition to any bedroom while many people invest in great amish bedroom furniture, they usually stick to the standard pieces - bed, night tables and dressers. but homeowners may want to consider purchasing a beautiful, amish made chest. this elegant piece of furniture is both stylish and functional and will look gorgeous in any bedroom. full story saturday, may 15, 2010 amish dining chairs revitalize any dining space while many people may want to redecorate a room in their house, the idea of a complete overhaul can seem time consuming and overwhelming. those who want to give their dining spaces a new appearance may not need to look much further than new seating. new chairs, like a set of amish furniture ohio dining chairs, can bring timeless appeal to a once-dull dining area. full story friday, may 14, 2010 purchase an amish rocking chair for expectant parents as soon as a couple announces that they are expecting, friends and well wishers often run out to purchase the latest toys and products. a timeless amish rocking chair, however, makes an extraordinary gift for any expectant couple. full story wednesday, may 12, 2010 amish office furniture is a great addition to any office while office furniture must be functional, it must also be stylish. tmcnet.com reports that office desks play a crucial role in giving a professional look to any office. amish office furniture provides durability and function while offering a beautiful, handcrafted aesthetic. full story tuesday, may 11, 2010 amish handcrafted furniture a timeless investment when shopping for furniture, many people may have trouble selecting perfect pieces that will last them a lifetime. while low-end furniture may seem appealing from afar, experts warn that, upon closer inspection, the pieces are not built to last, unlike amish handcrafted furniture. full story friday, may 07, 2010 amish dining room furniture is a solid investment while some may say the kitchen is the heart of one's home, others may argue that the dining room is at the center of family gatherings. whether it hosts weekend dinner parties or regular family suppers, decorating the space with amish dining room furniture ensures that meals will be enjoyed on high quality and beautiful pieces. full story monday, may 03, 2010 amish made furniture makes a memorable wedding gift a wedding is a momentous occasion in a couple's life. it celebrates the pair's love for one another and is a day they will forever look back upon fondly. those who are shopping for wedding gifts don't have to look any further - a beautiful piece of amish made furniture is a wonderful wedding present. full story monday, may 03, 2010 enjoy the warm weather with amish made outdoor furniture springtime is underway and as the weather starts warming up, people will begin spending more time outside. investing in amish made outdoor furniture is a great way to welcome the climbing temperatures. full story friday, april 30, 2010 get up and stretch while working at your amish office furniture working at an office can lead to a lot of down time. and, whether you're seated at a tiny cubicle in a large room or a behind a beautiful piece of amish office furniture, experts suggest that getting up from one's chair periodically throughout the day yields many benefits. full story wednesday, april 28, 2010 new book sheds light on the success of amish furniture makers a new book has shed light on why amish furniture makers and the amish people are prospering even in their simple surroundings. full story wednesday, april 28, 2010 amish made furniture is a solid investment for a child's bedroom when children begin to grow out of their cribs, it's time to purchase a new furniture set. settling on the right bedroom furniture is an important step, and some parents have a difficult time choosing items that will hold up throughout their children's childhoods. full story tuesday, april 27, 2010 french country furniture is a wonderful amish furniture style when decorating a home, people have many different furniture styles to choose from. one of the most inviting styles available to homeowners today is french country furniture. full story saturday, april 24, 2010 amish handcrafted armoire is a great addition to any room spring is here and now is a great time to breathe life into stale home decors. to rejuvenate a room's look, consider investing in a beautiful piece of amish handcrafted furniture. full story thursday, april 22, 2010 amish dining room furniture is a fantastic option for spring decorating spring is here, which means that many people will be cleaning out old closets and restructuring their living, dining and bedrooms. with these new beginnings often comes the purchasing of brand new furniture. full story thursday, april 22, 2010 bamboo great material for amish furniture bamboo is becoming increasingly popular due to its beauty, durability and sustainability. this fast-growing plant is an aesthetically appealing and environmentally friendly material ideal for long-lasting amish furniture. full story wednesday, april 21, 2010 amish furniture french country ladder back dining room chair (product id:985 ) quickspecs base price: $254.00 amish furniture solid wood wolf hollow dining room chair (product id:6542 ) quickspecs base price: $175.99 amish furniture office furniture solid wood barrister bookcase with secretary desk (product id:1526 ) quickspecs base price: $1,299.00 amish furniture office furniture solid wood single door small mission bookcase (product id:3083 ) quickspecs base price: $544.00 amish furniture office furniture pine wood farmhouse bookcase hall console (product id:864 ) quickspecs base price: $205.00 amish furniture bedroom kids bed with optional trundle or three underbed drawers (product id:6670 ) quickspecs base price: $1,359.00 amish furniture office furniture solid wood student desk with hutch top (product id:7474 ) quickspecs base price: $1,120.00 amish bedroom furniture homestead cheval mirror (product id:7787 ) quickspecs base price: $640.00 amish furniture solid wood bookcase (product id:6671 ) quickspecs base price: $1,199.00 amish made, solid wood, upholstered grandma's rocker with optional footstool (product id:5312 ) quickspecs base price: $599.00 amish furniture bedroom furniture summit armoire (product id:6771 ) quickspecs base price: $1,263.00 amish furniture solid wood ohio mission schoolhouse dining room chair (product id:4514 ) quickspecs base price: $183.99 amish furniture shenandoah bow back dining chair (product id:982 ) quickspecs base price: $289.00 amish furniture solid wood ohio victorian queen anne dining room chair (product id:4505 ) quickspecs base price: $238.99 amish furniture solid wood ohio oversize jumbo mission dining room chair (product id:4515 ) quickspecs base price: $304.00 amish furniture four-post gliding rocker with foot rest (product id:2884 ) quickspecs base price: $669.00 amish furniture dining room furniture solid wood legacy 3 door wine hutch (product id:4422 ) quickspecs base price: $3,440.00 amish furniture solid wood sliding door large bookcase (product id:3064 ) quickspecs base price: $896.00 amish furniture solid wood mission fantail dining room chair (product id:9085 ) quickspecs base price: $209.00 amish furniture solid wood empire leg dining room table (product id:8633 ) quickspecs base price: $1,014.00 amish furniture bedroom furniture mission deluxe door chest of drawers (product id:6820 ) quickspecs base price: $1,725.00 amish bedroom furniture wheat spindle bed (product id:2811 ) quickspecs base price: $929.00 amish cd bookcase (product id:1699 ) quickspecs base price: $674.00 amish furniture windsor ridge mission dining room chair (product id:7964 ) quickspecs base price: $250.00 © copyrights 2003 - 2010 jmx international corporation all rights reserved. our company about us general information privacy & security terms & conditions the dutchcrafters difference our products satisfied customers business customer profiles affiliate program resources daily news the amish the amish furniture caring for your wood furniture jmx store family keydecor.com giftsnautical.com jmxco.com jmxbamboo.com gardentones.com ebillme™ secure cash payments learn more. jmx international is a member of office: 941-377-5112 toll free: 1-866-272-6773 email:questions@dutchcrafters.com 1877 porter lake drive, sarasota, fl 34240, u.s.a.