来源URL: https://web.archive.org/web/20111220065427/http://www.dutchcrafters.com/TermsAndConditions.aspx
================================================================================

terms and conditions heirloom solid wood amish furniture 941-377-5112 shopping cart order status current promotions customer id: dutchcrafters difference made in america contact us about us testimonials about the amish furniture styles all products amish furniture   amish bathroom furnitureamish bedroom furnitureamish dining room furnitureamish home bar furnitureamish kids furnitureamish kitchen furnitureamish living room furnitureamish office furnitureamish home decor   foyeramish outdoor furniture & crafts   amish outdoor decoramish outdoor furnitureamish outdoor structuresamish pet supplieslawn & gardencarts & wagonsfinishes, oils, paints & polish bedroom dining living office kitchen outdoor kids bathroom foyer bar decor collectionno collection(580)leola collection(358)mt. eaton collection(316)keystone collection(261)berlin office furniture(242)miller collection(236)hardwoods collection(203)montana woodworks(186)lancaster collection(172)ohio chair collection(167)village inn collection(125)blue mountain hickory collection(122)troyer collection(117)indiana bedroom furniture collection(107)heritage pine wood collection(103)leisure lawns collection(100)american heritage collection(98)american crafts and toys(97)cottage collection (93)hillview chairs(89)green garden collection(88)valley collection(80)heirloom hutch collection(79)hope chest collection(65)outdoor crafts(65)lexington collection(60)homestead collection(59)holmes office collection(56)sugar creek collection (53)conestoga collection(52)shipshewana office furniture collection(52)american windsor chairs(51)american furniture(50)yoder collection(49)country collection(48)craftsman collection(47)primitive pine wood collection(45)swiss valley rockers(45)little cottage co.(38)holmes office ii collection(35)lincoln collection(34)rustic cabin hickory collection(34)prairie collection(32)apple creek collection(26)superior plastics(23)hershy way(20)countryside woodcrafts(19)woodright finish(16)keepsake collection(15)honey brook hickory collection(14)pinnacle woodcraft(11)beaver valley collection(6)indiana baskets(4)wheels & crafts(3)wishing wells(2)handcrafted lighthouses(1)+ more optionsstylemission(897)shaker(490)country(372)rustic(256)colonial(247)contemporary(232)log(206)windsor(162)formal(77)queen anne(76)french country(47)economy(41)louis philippe(36)sleigh(9)panel(8)day(1)+ more optionswoodcherry(3298)oak(2632)brown maple(2351)quarter sawn white oak(1813)hickory(1456)maple(1332)rustic cherry(999)red oak(752)quarter sawn oak(588)walnut(548)rustic quarter sawn white oak(458)hard maple(449)quarter white oak(255)elm(236)rustic maple(221)rustic oak(221)rustic hickory(216)rustic character cherry(116)rustic character hickory(116)white maple(98)birch(77)ash wood(47)rustic cherry wood(47)pine(43)grey elm(37)quarter sawn red oak(26)lyptus(10)hard maple wood(8)wormy maple wood(8)alder(7)black walnut(7)knotty pine(7)unfinished quarter sawn red oak(7)white ash(7)paint grade maple(6)unfinished mahogany(6)brown maple(no light stains)(5)cherry wood base (stained) with hard maple natural top (no stain)(5)rustic cherry(5)rustic hickory(2)solid pine wood(2)solid pine wood with stained maple wood top(2)ash(1)cherry wood(1)cherry wood finish(1)cherry and maple mix(1)cherry with natural finish(1)mahogany(1)maple wood(1)oak wood(1)pine wood(1)quarter sawn white oak wood(1)quarter sawn whitet oak(1)quarter sawn whitte oak(1)quarter sawn whte oak(1)quartersawn(1)rustic quarter sawn white white oak(1)unfinished black walnut(1)unfinished cherry(1)unfinished maple(1)unfinished quarter sawn white oak(1)unfinished red oak (standard)(1)unfinished white oak(1)+ more optionspriceunder $100(180)$100 to $500(1993)$500 to $1000(1239)$1000 & above(1740) terms and conditions please review the following terms and conditions.  the dutchcrafters website is for the exclusive use of persons and businesses wanting to view or purchase retail goods and services from dutchcrafters. shipping info international shipping info payment returns, exchanges, and cancellations colors will it fit in your home privacy policy acceptance of terms shipping information customers ordering online often wonder about the shipment of their purchase. time of delivery and method of shipment depends on the products that you ordered. we email tracking information and also provide an online tracking system for customers to follow the progress on their orders. below is some additional information on our shipping practices. please contact our shipping department for clarification and questions on shipping at 1-866-272-6773 or customerservice@dutchcrafters.com. customers are expected to make reasonable accommodations to facilitate the delivery of furniture. non furniture shipping time- most non-furniture purchases ship within two to five business days of receipt of the order then depending on your location in the continental united states delivery can take between 2-7 business days. if there is a delay in your shipment, we will notify you by phone or email. most of our non-furniture purchases ship via ups or fedex ground unless otherwise specified. see the shipping information on the product page for specific time frames. furniture shipping time- most of our amish furniture is custom made and handcrafted in the usa therefore it is generally not available to ship immediately. it will take between 4 to 10 weeks before your amish furniture ships. then it can take 1 to 2 weeks to be packaged and delivered depending on your location in the continental united states. we understand that customers are eager to receive their amish furniture. please exercise patience, and we will ship as soon as the product is ready! furniture shipping cost- our first priority is getting the furniture to our customers in a safe and secure manner that will prevent damage. because of the size of the furniture or distance it needs to be shipped, the cost of shipping can be expensive, but we also do our best to keep the shipping cost down without compromising safety and speed. in fact, we sometimes subsidize the cost of shipping depending upon the size of the order. our other priority is an expedient shipment. we try to balance these priorities as best we can, realizing that each situation is slightly unique. shipping to a p.o. box- we cannot ship most items to a p.o. box. please call 1-866-272-6773 for additional information. furniture delivery process- we believe that you will be more than satisfied with the quality of our handcrafted amish furniture. we also believe that effective shipping is critical for the delivery of this furniture. we will do whatever we can to earn our customer's satisfaction when it comes to shipping and receiving amish furniture orders. we do ask that customers keep in mind that moving large furniture around the country is not a simple process. customer satisfaction is our goal. as soon as your furniture is ordered, our shipping coordinator starts tracking the completion of your purchase and planning its delivery. for orders that take longer than a month to finish, our shipping coordinator will contact you close to when it is ready to ship and keep you up to date on its process as needed. we also try to keep the online tracking system updated as additional information becomes available. if at any time you could like to check on the status of your amish furniture order, please do not hesitate to contact us at 1-866-272-6773. furniture delivery option- it is important to note that the best shipping method for one piece of furniture may not be the best method for another piece. we try to select the best shipping option that makes the most sense for that product in terms of protection of the product, cost and expediency. most of our amish furniture is delivered via truck line. if a truck line is delivering your purchase, the shipper will be in touch with you personally to establish a time of delivery. since most deliveries are made by a single driver, the standard furniture delivery is curbside. we also offer our "white glove inside delivery" option where the furniture is delivered into the customer's home and set up is provided. ups/fedex shipments- while a few of the amish furniture items can be shipped via ups or fedex, most of the pieces are too large and require other solutions. curbside furniture delivery- our standard furniture delivery is curbside. after the furniture is thoroughly packed, it is shipped via less-than-truckload (ltl) common carrier. the shipper will call the receiving customer to schedule a delivery. most often the ltl common carrier will use a 28' or 48' tractor trailer unit to make delivery. please note that our shippers use large trucks. on the occasion that the truck is too large to enter your street or neighborhood, you may need to meet the driver to take possession of your furniture. the delivery will be made with one driver and the trailer will not have a lift gate. the customer must have someone on hand at delivery to provide assistance to the driver during unloading. additional people may be required depending on the size of the order being delivered. the customer will be responsible for getting the furniture into the home or business. it is also important to note that furniture movers are insured to deliver the product to your home, but not inside your house. extra charges will apply if the customer requests to have the shipment carried inside the home. this scheduling needs to be done before the furniture is in route to the customer's home or business. after unloading and before the driver leaves, the customer should inspect the furniture for damage. product damage is rare, however, if damage is found, the customer should note the damage in the appropriate box on the delivery receipt (provided by the driver) and then sign. contact jmx international and a claim will be filed. (note: if there are any tears, indentations or holes on the exterior of the package, but no damage is found, the customer should still note on the delivery receipt that the packaging contained holes and/or tears.) curbside delivery method generally is less expensive than the inside delivery with set up method. inside furniture delivery- when furniture is shipped to a customer for inside delivery with set up, a specialty carrier will perform the delivery to the customer's home with two men. the shipper will call the receiving customer to schedule a delivery. the carrier will deliver the furniture in a 45' or 48' tractor trailer unit. the delivery will be made with two men and the trailer will have a ramp and/or lift gate. the two men will carry the furniture to the room(s) requested and set up the furniture (i.e., assemble beds, place hutch tops on hutch bases, etc.). after unloading and before the drivers leave, the customer should inspect the furniture for damage. product damage is rare, however, if damage is found the customer should note the damage in the appropriate box on the delivery receipt (provided by the driver) and then sign. contact jmx international and a claim will be filed. (note: if there are any tears, indentations or holes on the exterior of the package, but no damage is found, the customer should still note on the delivery receipt that the packaging contained holes and/or tears.) this delivery method generally is more expensive than the curbside delivery method. certain items such as cribs are not available with set up service. products shipping to california – new regulations- california has implemented a new law that requires all furniture being shipped into or sold in california must be certified "formaldehyde free". california card law 93120 states that all products must be made with formaldehyde free materials, and they must be labeled as such. as a result, some products shipping to california will have an additional cost of $25 added on to it. this plywood (primarily for the backs and structural supports) costs more, and that is the reason for the extra charge. {back to top} international shipping now available! we have partnered with bongo international parcel and mail forwarding to service our international customers. bongo international provides its customers with their very own us address (not a p.o. box). once you have a us address, you will be able to make purchases with us as well as other us based online retailers. bongo receives your purchases and logs them into their online system where you can consolidate them with other orders. this process saves international customers up to 82% off typical international shipping rates. step-by-step order guide: shop for your items on our website and add them to your cart. setup your bongo international account by clicking the below image. after signup, bongo will provide you with your very own us address. back at our site, proceed to checkout. enter your new us address supplied by bongo as both your billing and shipping address. use the credit card that you have on file with bongo as the payment method... no exceptions. choose your domestic shipping method, and place order. once completed, finish your verification process with bongo. bongo will take over from here, so communicate directly with them for delivery of your order. if you have any questions, please feel free to contact bongo through live chat or by e-mail. they will be glad to assist you. click below to get started! {back to top} payment at jmx international, we are committed to maintaining a secure and user-friendly web site so that you can shop with ease and peace of mind. please refer to our general information section for more information on payment and shipping options to make purchasing from us a satisfying shopping experience. coupons- jmx websites will only allow 1 coupon per purchase per customer. {back to top} returns, exchanges, and cancellations returns- at jmx international, we take great pride in the quality and craftsmanship of our products. attention to design, materials, safety and construction are our priority. we carefully inspect your order prior to shipment. upon receipt, please inspect your purchase and notify us of any damage. due to the complexities involved, we do not accept returns or exchanges for our international customers or those customers utilizing bongo international services.  all international sales, as well as sales to customers utilizing bongo international services, are considered final unless canceled within 48 hours from the time of purchase.  this policy supersedes all other policies regarding cancellations, returns and exchanges. our return policy covers three categories of returns: damaged products- please be sure to thoroughly check your purchase when you receive it. look for signs of damage to be sure that it has arrived safely. if you receive a product and see that it has been damaged during shipping, please refuse the shipment, and tell the shipper to return it to its sender. if this is the case, notify us immediately at customerservice@jmxinternational.com or 1-866-272-6773, and we will replace your order at no additional cost to you: defective or wrong products- if you see that you have received a product that is different than what you have ordered, we will replace it at no additional cost to you. if possible, tell the shipper to simply return it to the sender. if you discover the manufacturer's defect after the shipper has left, please notify us at 1-866-272-6773 and we will make arrangements to have the product picked up and replaced at no additional cost to you. you must inform us of any defects within five days of receiving your purchase (photographs may be required as proof of defect.). other reasons- in all other cases except for those mentioned above, please contact us at customerservice@jmxinternational.com or 1-866-272-6773 to obtain an authorization for return. unless the product is defective, we charge a 15% restocking fee plus all shipping costs on returns of non-furniture items. all furniture purchases are final.  we cannot accept returns on personalized items, special order items, custom items, or items damaged through normal wear and tear and some outdoor furniture and accessories. exchanges- custom-made products or indoor furniture cannot be exchanged. also, some outdoor furniture items may not be eligible for exchange.  to determine whether an item is eligible for exchange, please call prior to placing your order. most other products may be exchanged for products of equal or higher value. exchanges must be initiated within three days of the receipt of original product.  the customer is responsible for any price difference. non-furniture orders cancellations- orders of non-furniture items can be cancelled up until the shipping of the order. once the non-furniture order has shipped, the return policy applies. decorative wooden and fiberglass lighthouses and mailboxes as well as any custom items are excluded from this policy because they are specialty made items. cancellation of these orders must be made within 48 hours or before they ship, whichever comes first. furniture orders cancellations- orders of furniture items can be cancelled within 48 hours of when they are placed. since all of our furniture is made to order and our woodworkers sometimes get to work on them right away, we are not able to cancel the order with them after this time period. forty-eight hours after an order has been placed, all furniture sales are considered final, and our furniture return policy for damaged or defective pieces apply after this time. please inform us of any modifications you may want to make to your order as soon as you are able. these changes may not be possible after 48 hours. those who have placed your order but are still deciding on your stain may take longer to make your choice. the woodworker has been informed to wait on your stain choice to complete the piece. we request that you make your decision in a timely manner to ensure that your furniture is completed on schedule. {back to top} colors we have made every effort to accurately show the colors of our products that appear on the websites.  colors may vary from how they come out on our website depending on customer's computer monitor.  we cannot guarantee that customer's monitor display will be correct.  in some cases, color and finish samples of the materials are available.  please contact a sales representative at 1-866-272-6773 for assistance. {back to top} will it fit in your home customers should make sure that their furniture will fit into their home or business before placing an order.  measure the space that the furniture is going as well as your doorways, halls, etc.  can the furniture fit up the stairs or in the elevator?  please contact a sales representative at 1-866-272-6773 for assistance. {back to top} privacy policy we respect our customers' privacy and understand their concerns regarding how their personal information is collected and used. we believe that our customers' personal information is their private property and are committed to protecting it. please refer to our privacy and security section for a complete statement of our current privacy policy. use of customer comments-  we welcome customer's comments regarding our company's websites and products.  however, any comments, product feedback, pictures, suggestions or ideas sent in to jmx international become our exclusive property.  jmx international will be at liberty to use, copy, release, publish and distribute any comments or photos customers submit with no limitation and/or payment.  upon request, we will gladly remove the names of customers from customer comments listed on our websites. {back to top} acceptance of terms jmx international customer use of our websites is governed by our terms and conditions.  use of jmx international websites constitutes a customer's agreement and acceptance to all our terms and conditions. if you do not accept and agree to these terms and conditions, please do not use our websites.  these term and conditions are legally binding.  we may modify our term and conditions at any time.  revisions will be posted to our websites and will be effective at that time.  please review our terms and conditions often for updates. prices- all of our products are priced in u.s. dollars and are official only in the united states.  our websites will only calculate shipping for u.s. domestic shipments, excluding alaska, hawaii, puerto rico as well as canada.  we can ship into these areas but shipping rates are based on weight and destination and some additional charges may apply.  please contact our sales associates for a shipping quote on orders into alaska, hawaii, puerto rico, canada and other international destinations. accuracy- although jmx international makes all attempts to present accurate and reliable content there may be information on our websites that contains typographical inaccuracy or errors in product descriptions, availability or pricing.  we reserve the right to correct this error at any time with no notice before or after an order is placed.  jmx international, its partners or employees cannot be held liable for any loss or damage caused by customer's dependence on information acquired from our websites.  it is the customer's responsibility to evaluate the information on our websites. indemnity- customers' agree to indemnify and hold harmless jmx international and its employees from any liability, claims, costs and expenses alleging or resulting from customers' use of jmx international websites in violation or breach of the terms and conditions. acknowledgement and changes- the terms and conditions represent the understanding between the customer and jmx international. customers' agree to be bound by the terms and conditions when using any area of the jmx international websites. jmx international reserves the right to change the terms and conditions at any time. if we make a change to the term and conditions, we will place those updates on this page and they will become valid upon posting. applicable laws- any claim relating to this website, the services provided through this website or the content shall be governed by the internal substantive laws of the state of florida. terms and conditions contact- we welcome customer's feedback and questions on our terms and conditions or website.  please contact us via mail at the address below, email us at customerservice@jmxinternational.com or call us at 1-866-272-6773. jmx international 1877 porter lake drive sarasota, fl 34240 email: customerservice@jmxinternational.com phone:  1-866-272-6773 fax:  941-377-7870 {back to top} last updated monday, august 09, 2010. last updated wednesday, november 23, 2011. © copyrights 2003 - 2011 jmx international corporation all rights reserved. our company about us general information privacy & security terms & conditions the dutchcrafters difference our products satisfied customers business customer profiles affiliate program resources daily news the amish the amish furniture caring for your wood furniture furniture features dutchcrafters videos sitemap jmx store family millerstore.com keydecor.com giftsnautical.com jmxco.com jmxbamboo.com gardentones.com quiltsbylinse.com ebillme™ secure cash payments learn more . jmx international is a member of office: 941-377-5112 toll free: 1-866-272-6773 email:questions@dutchcrafters.com 1877 porter lake drive, sarasota, fl 34240, u.s.a. the dutchcrafters difference why buy from dutchcrafters? dutchcrafters is a name you can trust.  rated a+ by the better business bureau, we've earned our reputation the old-fashioned way - by providing the best products and service to our customers since 2003.30% down!  get your order started with only a 30% deposit, and pay the balance once your furniture actually ships!call us!  that's right, we answer the phone and are actually glad for your call (unlike a few of our competitors)!  our furniture specialists are friendly, helpful, knowledgeable and will go out of their way to accommodate special requests.  just read our testimonials and you'll get the idea.free stain samples.  it may seem like a detail, but we know how important it is to get it right - especially in finishing.  upon your order, we'll send you out free stain samples on the wood of your choice.4% check discount!  who doesn't like an extra 4% off?  pay us the old-fashioned way, and we'll give you the processing fees that we would have otherwise paid to the bank.  at checkout, choose the pay by check option and we'll give you further instructions on how to send it.made in america!  all of the furniture at dutchcrafters is made in america.  when you buy dutchcrafters furniture, you support american jobs and keep your ecological footprint small.amish craftsmanship.  since 2003, we've combed the country roads of amish country, seeking out the perfect furniture.  we stand behind the quality of our wood shops and are confident that you'll appreciate the difference in quality!