来源URL: https://web.archive.org/web/20111220065427/http://www.dutchcrafters.com/GeneralInformation.aspx
================================================================================

general information heirloom solid wood amish furniture 941-377-5112 shopping cart order status current promotions customer id: dutchcrafters difference made in america contact us about us testimonials about the amish furniture styles all products amish furniture   amish bathroom furnitureamish bedroom furnitureamish dining room furnitureamish home bar furnitureamish kids furnitureamish kitchen furnitureamish living room furnitureamish office furnitureamish home decor   foyeramish outdoor furniture & crafts   amish outdoor furnitureamish outdoor structuresamish pet supplieslawn & gardenfinishes, oils, paints & polish bedroom dining living office kitchen outdoor kids bathroom foyer bar decor collectionno collection(530)leola collection(358)mt. eaton collection(316)keystone collection(261)berlin office furniture(242)miller collection(236)hardwoods collection(203)montana woodworks(186)lancaster collection(172)ohio chair collection(167)village inn collection(125)blue mountain hickory collection(122)troyer collection(117)indiana bedroom furniture collection(107)heritage pine wood collection(103)leisure lawns collection(100)american heritage collection(98)american crafts and toys(97)cottage collection (93)hillview chairs(89)green garden collection(88)valley collection(80)heirloom hutch collection(79)outdoor crafts(65)hope chest collection(64)lexington collection(60)homestead collection(59)holmes office collection(56)sugar creek collection (53)conestoga collection(52)shipshewana office furniture collection(52)american windsor chairs(51)american furniture(50)yoder collection(49)country collection(48)craftsman collection(47)primitive pine wood collection(45)swiss valley rockers(45)little cottage co.(38)holmes office ii collection(35)lincoln collection(34)rustic cabin hickory collection(34)prairie collection(32)apple creek collection(26)superior plastics(23)hershy way(20)countryside woodcrafts(19)woodright finish(16)keepsake collection(15)honey brook hickory collection(14)pinnacle woodcraft(11)beaver valley collection(6)indiana baskets(4)wheels & crafts(3)wishing wells(2)handcrafted lighthouses(1)+ more optionsstylemission(897)shaker(489)country(371)rustic(256)contemporary(232)colonial(207)log(203)windsor(162)formal(77)queen anne(76)french country(47)economy(40)louis philippe(36)sleigh(9)panel(5)day(1)+ more optionswoodcherry(3298)oak(2632)brown maple(2351)quarter sawn white oak(1813)hickory(1456)maple(1331)rustic cherry(999)red oak(752)quarter sawn oak(588)walnut(548)rustic quarter sawn white oak(458)hard maple(449)quarter white oak(255)elm(236)rustic maple(221)rustic oak(221)rustic hickory(216)rustic character cherry(116)rustic character hickory(116)white maple(98)birch(77)ash wood(47)rustic cherry wood(47)pine(43)grey elm(37)quarter sawn red oak(26)lyptus(10)hard maple wood(8)wormy maple wood(8)alder(7)black walnut(7)knotty pine(7)unfinished quarter sawn red oak(7)white ash(7)paint grade maple(6)unfinished mahogany(6)brown maple(no light stains)(5)cherry wood base (stained) with hard maple natural top (no stain)(5)rustic cherry(5)rustic hickory(2)solid pine wood(2)solid pine wood with stained maple wood top(2)ash(1)cherry wood(1)cherry wood finish(1)cherry and maple mix(1)cherry with natural finish(1)mahogany(1)maple wood(1)oak wood(1)pine wood(1)quarter sawn white oak wood(1)quarter sawn whitet oak(1)quarter sawn whitte oak(1)quarter sawn whte oak(1)quartersawn(1)rustic quarter sawn white white oak(1)unfinished black walnut(1)unfinished cherry(1)unfinished maple(1)unfinished quarter sawn white oak(1)unfinished red oak (standard)(1)unfinished white oak(1)+ more optionspriceunder $100(164)$100 to $500(1992)$500 to $1000(1239)$1000 & above(1706) general information thank you for your interest in dutchcrafters.com, a jmx store. for more information on jmx international, please visit our corporate website. for purchasing, please refer to terms and conditions. for information on shipping policies, see shipping info. jmx stores- our family of internet stores includes the following, each owned and operated by jmx international: dutchcrafters.com gardentones.com giftsnautical.com jmxbamboo.com jmxco.com keydecor.com millerstore.comoceanfare.com quiltsbylinse.com general information menu payment options earth friendly products and practices copyright notice unlawful solicitation registered trademarks online conduct secure internet online purchasing payment options online purchasing- you can make online purchases by using one of the following credit cards: american express, discover, mastercard or visa. please note that the payee that will appear on your credit card statement is dutchcrafters.com.  we also accept payment via paypal. for furniture orders, customers only need to pay 30% as a deposit!  the balance is due prior to shipping, with no interest fees or finance charges.  other free payment plans are available for furniture orders over $1,000. please call us toll free at 866-272-6773 to find out more. account balance must be paid in full by time of delivery. purchasing by phone- while we work hard to make internet purchases safe and secure, we welcome your orders by phone. if you would like to make your purchase by telephone, for any reason, please do not hesitate to call us toll free at 866-272-6773. we'll have someone on the other end of the phone to help you with your questions and place your order.   our telephone hours are 8 am - 5 pm est, five days per week. purchasing by check- we offer a 4% discount on purchases to customers who pay their balances by check, money order or certified check.  to receive this cash discount place your order online and click the pay by check button at check out page for further online ordering instructions.  you can also call one of our sales associates at 1-866-272-6773 for assistance. mail check payments to "jmx international" and mail to: jmx international 1877 porter lake drive sarasota, fl 34240 purchasing by wire transfer- we also accept virtually any other form of payment in u.s. funds, including international wire transfers. please call us toll free at 866-272-6773 to inquire. international purchasing- at dutchcrafters, we welcome our international customers. we do our best to accommodate special requests and complex shipping instructions. we are able to accommodate email in english, spanish, french and mandarin chinese. all international transactions must be paid via wire transfer or cashier's check in u.s. funds (please see below for our new international shipping and payment option, bongo).  note we do not ship into some locations. coupons- please also not that dutchcrafters accepts only one coupon per purchase per customer. alternative payment methods- dutchcrafters now offers 3 new payment systems: moneta: moneta is the popular new way to pay for purchases online that allows you to take money directly out of your checking or money market account. similar to paypal simply sign up add your bank account and safely pay for your purchases online. ebillme: ebillme is another trusted online payment system that allows for secure purchases made from your bank account on online stores. get a user name and password add your account info and buy without the worries of information being lost or stolen. bongo: bongo international provides its customers with their very own us address (not a p.o. box). once you have a us address, you will be able to make purchases with us as well as other us based online retailers. bongo receives your purchases and logs them into their online system where you can consolidate them with other orders. bongo then uses your credit card on file with them and once the item ships to your personal bongo address, they will contact you and begin the international shipping process. {back to top} earth friendly products and practices at dutchcrafters, we are dedicated to providing environmentally friendly products and doing our part to value the world we live in.  our amish furniture and other products are built to last and not likely to end up in a landfill due to their durable, quality construction!  we strive to offer a wide variety of environmentally friendly and recycled products from polywood patio furniture to composters to heirloom quality amish furniture made in the usa.  our amish furniture is handcrafted from solid hardwoods and we even offer green, environmentally friendly finish options.  we also use locally harvested american grown woods whenever possible to reduce our carbon footprint.  our amish furniture is actually a green environmentally friendly choice because of this decision to use wood from sustainable managed forests right here in the usa.  our furniture is built in the usa which results in a huge savings on fossil fuel as well.  when shipping our furniture we try to use blanked-wrap shippers whenever possible.  this saves on using cardboard boxes and packing materials that is fated for landfills.  when shipping smaller items from our local warehouse we use recycled boxes and packing material when possible. {back to top} copyright notice all of the material and content on dutchcrafters.com is the exclusive property of jmx international.  customers may print selected portions of the website content, but only if they are used for personal and non-commercial use.  dutchcrafters content is not to be copied or posted on any network computer, posted on other websites or used in any other medium in any appearance.  jmx international has total title and full intellectual property rights in any material that is downloaded from our websites.  unless for personal and non-commercial use, dutchcrafters content may not be copied, downloaded, duplicated, altered, published, dispensed, broadcasted, removed or plagiarized without first obtaining written authorization from jmx international. {back to top} unlawful solicitation customers may not use any of jmx international websites to send unsolicited advertising, promotional material, or other forms of solicitation. {back to top} registered trademarks dutchcrafters™ is a registered trademark of jmx international. {back to top} online conduct the dutchcrafters website is to only be used for lawful intentions.  we set aside the right to ban or eliminate behavior or communication that we feel is hurtful and destructive to users, jmx international or violates the law.  jmx international, our partners, employees and merchants shall assume no liability for any action or inaction with respect to conduct, communication or contact on the dutchcrafters website.  website users are prohibited from posting or transmitting through dutchcrafters any unlawful, harmful, racially, ethnically or otherwise objectionable material of any kind. {back to top} secure internet online purchasing customers can shop and purchase on our websites with assurance, knowing that we've taken the security and safety measures to keep customer's personal contact information safe. all of our customer information is safely and securely stored. we maintain pci compliance at all times. when you click to submit the payment, the payment information is encrypted using 128-bit ssl technology. when the authorization process is complete, you'll receive an approval or decline response.  when you order over the telephone with one our sales representatives, we do not store any credit card data in plain text format. all paper copies are shredded. we also accept payments by check or money orders for our customers that prefer this option. to learn more about authorize.net, click here. {back to top} last updated 9/14/2011. last updated wednesday, november 23, 2011. © copyrights 2003 - 2011 jmx international corporation all rights reserved. our company about us general information privacy & security terms & conditions the dutchcrafters difference our products satisfied customers business customer profiles affiliate program resources daily news the amish the amish furniture caring for your wood furniture furniture features dutchcrafters videos sitemap jmx store family millerstore.com keydecor.com giftsnautical.com jmxco.com jmxbamboo.com gardentones.com quiltsbylinse.com ebillme™ secure cash payments learn more . jmx international is a member of office: 941-377-5112 toll free: 1-866-272-6773 email:questions@dutchcrafters.com 1877 porter lake drive, sarasota, fl 34240, u.s.a. the dutchcrafters difference why buy from dutchcrafters? dutchcrafters is a name you can trust.  rated a+ by the better business bureau, we've earned our reputation the old-fashioned way - by providing the best products and service to our customers since 2003.30% down!  get your order started with only a 30% deposit, and pay the balance once your furniture actually ships!call us!  that's right, we answer the phone and are actually glad for your call (unlike a few of our competitors)!  our furniture specialists are friendly, helpful, knowledgeable and will go out of their way to accommodate special requests.  just read our testimonials and you'll get the idea.free stain samples.  it may seem like a detail, but we know how important it is to get it right - especially in finishing.  upon your order, we'll send you out free stain samples on the wood of your choice.4% check discount!  who doesn't like an extra 4% off?  pay us the old-fashioned way, and we'll give you the processing fees that we would have otherwise paid to the bank.  at checkout, choose the pay by check option and we'll give you further instructions on how to send it.made in america!  all of the furniture at dutchcrafters is made in america.  when you buy dutchcrafters furniture, you support american jobs and keep your ecological footprint small.amish craftsmanship.  since 2003, we've combed the country roads of amish country, seeking out the perfect furniture.  we stand behind the quality of our wood shops and are confident that you'll appreciate the difference in quality!