来源URL: https://web.archive.org/web/20131230150308/http://www.dutchcrafters.com/blog/
================================================================================

dutchcrafters blog | amish handcrafted in america home design center online store guest bloggers 5 great ideas for outdoor lighthouses posted on december 10, 2013 by jim miller leave a comment ideas for amish made outdoor lighthouses one of the very first amish made products that we offered when we first opened our virtual doors at dutchcrafters in 2003 was the amish made lighthouse.  since then, we’ve sold thousands of these outdoor nautical lighthouses in many different styles and sizes: the lighthouses are modeled after actual lighthouses such as the cape may or cape hatteras and available in sizes ranging from 2′ – 20′. as we’ve talked with our wonderful customers over the last decade of selling these american made lighthouses, we’ve learned about some of the ways that they’ve been used.  here are a few of the more popular and most interesting: 1. as a lighthouse, of course!  though we do not warranty or officially recommend that our lighthouses be used as marine navigational devices, that is precisely what many of our customers have used them for.  these lighthouses are ideal at the end of a dock so that boats can see the dock at night.  one year we gave one of our amish lighthouses to my grandfather for his dock on little fish lake near sturgis, michigan – he loved it.  since he didn’t have electricity on his dock, we gave him a lighthouse with a solar light, so that it provided just enough accent light that he could see where he was walking at night on the dock.  a year after that, we gave another of our nautical lighthouses to my wife’s granddad for his dock at julington creek in jacksonville.  his dock was much longer and the boats were much larger, and he enjoyed have the lighthouse right out at the end of the dock for peace of mind in knowing that boats would see it and for the beauty that it added to his seascape. 2. as an accent light for gardens or outdoor spaces.  many of our customers have purchased our outdoor lighthouses for the accent light they provide to landscapes, gardens, patios or other outdoor spaces.  these lighthouses can provide soft accents to make outdoor living more enjoyable and beautify gardens even at night. 3. to cover up an ugly extrusion.  customers across the country have used our amish made lighthouses to cover up ugly pipes, small stumps, or other eye-sores.  because they are hollow on the inside, the lighthouses can simply be placed over the top of the thing you’d like to cover up.  we provide inside dimensions for the various sizes of lighthouse specifically for that reason. 4. to catch a customer’s eye at a place of business.  many businesses have purchased our lighthouse to be used in conjunction with signage or at an entrance to catch the eye of customers.  this can be especially useful with one of our rotating light options (be sure to check on your local regulations to make sure you’re traffic-safe, etc.).  some of the most popular types of businesses that have used our lighthouses are seafood restaurants, nautical gift stores, marinas and boatyards.  east end clambakes of long island bought an 8′ cape cod lighthouse for this purpose and lighthouse corner of kaukauna near green bay purchase a 12′ barnegat lighthouse for the same purpose. 5. to convey a positive message.  because lighthouses are symbols of hope, security, promise and confidence, many churches, counseling centers, colleges and others have used our amish made lighthouses to convey positive messages that reinforce their mission or program.  this is exactly what the university of michigan’s rackham school of graduate studies did when it chose a nautical theme for its graduate school orientation day, “destination graduation – navigating the seas of graduate life.” the president and dean both speak participate in the event, which included 1500 new students. a critical piece for the event was a custom-made, 4’ cape hatteras styled, wooden lighthouse painted in the university’s unique blue and gold colors. so whether you’re looking for a centerpiece for a university event or simply a gift for granddad so he can enjoy his dock at night, our outdoor amish made lighthouses make wonderful and functional solutions. posted in amish outdoor decor made in usa – why buy american made posted on december 9, 2013 by james murray leave a comment there are several good reasons to buy “made in usa” products, below we explore a few. “i invite the people of the united states to observe this month with appropriate programs and activities to recognize and celebrate the excellence of american products.”  - ronald reagan the statement above is from ronald reagan’s proclamation on december 23rd, 1985 in which he declared december as “made in america” month. i would like to honor president reagan’s vision by exploring a few of the many reasons to buy products made in the usa. when i see “made in usa” i think quality, and this quality of craftsmanship is known world-wide. according to a recent study by the boston consulting group, more than 80 percent of u.s. consumers and, perhaps more surprising, over 60 percent of chinese consumers say that they are willing to pay more for products labeled “made in usa” than for those labeled “made in china,” – the boston consulting group (bcg). http://www.bcg.com/media/pressreleasedetails.aspx?id=tcm:12-121840. this is due, in large part, to the reputation for quality, durability, and beauty that an american-made product has. not to mention, the people of china also have a desire to “keep up with the joneses”, just as we americans do. the reason i will try and go out of my way to buy american is the beautifully interwoven effect it has on our economy. this aspect alone, should be enough to make us want to buy products made in the usa. buying american-made supports american workers and the american economy.  especially during our economic recovery, how important this is! for example, when you buy a piece of amish furniture from dutchcrafters, that money goes to an amish woodworker in the usa. then when they need to purchase more materials, they purchase from a local dealer and that money stays in our american economy. the suppliers of the materials may then buy food from a local grocery store and further the economic benefits, by keeping that money flowing through our economy rather than out of it. this cycle also makes it possible for those businesses to hire more employees and help the unemployed find work again. now, i won’t say that i am the most eco-friendly person out there. i forget to recycle my soda cans from time to time, i drive a gas-powered car, and i definitely take longer showers than necessary. but i will say that i care about the environment and try to do my part to help out. buying products made in the usa is a great way we can all contribute to helping the environment. let’s quickly look at one of the benefits, ecologically, of buying american furniture over furniture manufactured abroad. when it comes to american made furniture over furniture made in china or elsewhere abroad, you can take solace in knowing that buying furniture made in the usa will be the ecologically friendly choice. think about it, a foreign counterpart to an amish woodworker, even if they use no electricity and sustainable foresting (as the amish do), would still leave a larger ecological impact behind. this is solely because of the fuel used to either fly or float the furniture to our shores, and then have to truck it the same or longer distances than the furniture made here by the amish in the usa. so, when we buy products made in the usa we are not only helping our economy, but, helping to sustain the environment, and generally receiving a higher quality product as well. for these reasons and many more, i will continue to purchase american-made products as often as possible and i invite you to do the same. what reasons do you have for buying products made in the usa? please drop us a line on facebook or google+, we’d love to hear from you! posted in amish furniture, furniture made in usa tagged with amish furniture, made in usa dutchcrafters customer reviews are rock solid posted on december 5, 2013 by jim miller leave a comment superior products & service since 2003 at dutchcrafters, we’ve been striving to offer our customers a superior experience in both products and service since our inception in 2003.  we think that we’ve done a pretty good job in both aspects, having earned the trust of tens of thousands of customers all across america. but more important that whatever claims we make is the feedback that we’ve received from these customers over the years.  our customer reviews, testimonials and even some of the complaints speak for themselves.  if you’re shopping for solid wood furniture made in america, handcrafted by the amish, you’re going to spend a few bucks.  before you do, make sure that you check out the customer reviews, ratings and complaints about the store you entrust with your hard-earned dollars. customer reviews resources here are a few places to reference as you get ready to buy from dutchcrafters: resellerratings – a third party rating company that allows customers to rate their overall experience. ekomi – another third party review company that allows feedback for both overall store experience and individual product reviews. better business bureau – the grandaddy of consumer protection, which monitors customer experience on all jmx stores, including dutchcrafters. customer testimonials – a collection of notes that we’ve received from our customers for years. sarasota chamber of commerce – though there are no reviews by the chamber, many of our customers appreciate our involvement in our community of sarasota, florida. as you’ll see, dutchcrafters customers express deep satisfaction in their experience, giving you the confidence you need to make your purchase.  together, these customer reviews demonstrate the dutchcrafters difference. posted in uncategorized tagged with customers, dutchcrafters, sarasota the amish of pinecraft posted on december 4, 2013 by jim miller leave a comment amish of pinecraft pinecraft is a neighborhood of about 3000 amish and mennonites in sarasota, florida.  it’s a tourist destination for amish and mennonites from all over north america, in addition to being a point of curiosity for other visitors to sarasota who might do a double-take when they see an amish boy roller-blading down bahia vista street or several amish teenagers walking back from the bus stop with a brand new tan from a day at siesta beach. history of the amish and mennonites in sarasota the amish and mennonites have been coming to pinecraft since the 1920′s.  in the very early days, they farmed the celery fields east of cattleman road.  by the 1930′s several groups of amish and mennonites purchased tracts of land in what is known today as pinecraft.  they worshiped together at the tourist church, which still stands on bahia vista street. during the 1940′s and 1950′s, virginia mennonite conference, ohio mennonite conference and lancaster mennonite conference all established congregations within sarasota, which had the effect of decreasing some of the interaction between the amish and mennonites.  many amish and conservative mennonites remained in pinecraft, while more moderate and progressive mennonites dispersed to other locations where the various congregations met. sarasota served as the hub of the amish and mennonites in florida for many years to come.  the southeast mennonite conference was established, displacing the involvement of other mennonite conferences.  over the years, the southeast mennonite conference helped to plant new churches throughout florida, including many ethnic minority congregations in tampa, miami, and the ft myers area.  today, the southeast mennonite conference is one of the most ethnically diverse mennonite conferences in north america. pinecraft is a winter destination for the amish pinecraft, however, remains a favorite winter home and popular destination for amish and conservative mennonites.  because pinecraft is essentially a sarasota neighborhood, the amish who winter there have made some compromises in terms of lifestyle.  while they do not drive, neither do they have horses or buggies.  instead, many amish of pinecraft use bicycles or public transportation to get around.  likewise, there are no houses in pinecraft that do not have electricity, so the amish have accepted the use of electricity as a necessary compromise. the amish of pinecraft enjoy the warm weather, gathering at the park, catching up with friends and relatives on the back streets behind the post office, and like many visitors to sarasota, eating good food at yoders restaurant or der dutchman. posted in uncategorized tagged with amish, mennonites, sarasota online amish furniture at dutchcrafters posted on november 27, 2013 by jim miller leave a comment online amish furniture since 2003 since 2003, dutchcrafters has been a leader in online amish furniture. with more than 8000 furniture pieces to choose from, representing more than 120 small amish and mennonite woodshops in indiana, ohio and pennsylvania, dutchcrafters has the largest variety of amish furniture online anywhere. why buy online amish furniture from dutchcrafters? at dutchcrafters, you can place your order with just 30% down. at dutchcrafters, your entire order ships for just $199 or less on nearly all products. dutchcrafters enjoys a longstanding a+ rating with the better business bureau, has elite member status at reseller ratings, and boasts a superior grade from ekomi ratings. dutchcrafters will send you free stain samples in the mail to be sure you get exactly the finish you want. dutchcrafters has the largest variety of online amish furniture. dutchcrafters has the friendliest, most knowledgeable, most helpful amish furniture specialists on the planet. looking for great prices?  dutchcrafters prices are very competitive, and we price-match on standard products with legitimate competitors. if you’re purchasing multiple products from different states (chairs from ohio and a table from indiana), dutchcrafters brings them together to one place to be stained.  this ensures consistency in the finish process and is very important in securing a quality end result for your online amish furniture. shopping for online amish furniture?  call 866-272-6773 and experience the dutchcrafters difference! posted in uncategorized tagged with amish furniture we sell ever popular mission style furniture posted on september 3, 2013 by jim miller leave a comment at our amish furniture store, we sell many different kinds of mission style furniture that are made for every room in your home. for the dining room, we have curios, dining room tables and chairs, dining sets, and hutches and buffets. all of the pieces that are made by our amish craftsmen are made with care and pride in a job well done. you choose the details of how you want your furniture made, such as the type of solid hardwood you prefer, stain, and much more. amish bedroom furniture is a popular choice for its simple lines and functional pieces that offer optimal storage space for clothing, linens, and personal belongings. choose from armoires, beds, bookcases, chests, dressers, night stands, rockers, vanities, and other pieces that you may want to order for your bedroom, or for a guest room or child’s room. amish mission style furniture is made to last a lifetime if you need a dresser for your bedroom, consider buying a mission dresser. they are usually built in solid quartersawn oak wood and finished in a medium stain. a characteristic of this style is the black hardware that is often used on drawer pulls. our amish deluxe craftsman mission chest of drawers is designed to reveal the beauty of the wood grain. choose cherry, oak, or maple hardwood, and the style of drawer slides that you prefer. next, select your hardware, and, in around eight weeks, you will have your customized amish furniture sent to your home. we will begin your order with only 30% down, and you can pay the balance before your order is shipped. if you have any questions, please call us at 866-272-6773. posted in painted furniture tagged with mission style furniture our durable polywood adirondack chairs look great in your backyard posted on august 29, 2013 by jim miller leave a comment our durable polywood adirondack chairs look great in your backyard polywood adirondack chairs are part of our amish outdoor furniture collection at dutchcrafters. these unique chairs have all of the positive qualities that you want in outdoor furniture. they are stylish and look great because our amish craftsmen custom make them in the color or colors that you want. they put one or two drink holders in each chair arm, or you can order them without holders. durability is another important feature that everyone wants in their outdoor furniture. you will have these chairs for years to come, and some of our polywood furniture is sold with a 20 year warranty. polywood chairs are eco-friendly because they are made from recycled milk jugs. we sell many styles of polywood adirondack chairs, so you have a wide variety from which to choose, including these: folding adirondack chair – portable, so you can take it with you comfo back adirondack chair – so comfortable that you will want to sit for hours. this chair is sold with a 20 year warranty amish fan-back swivel polywood glider chair – one of our amish rocking chairs balcony pub chair – an adirondack chair with a pub height comfo-back chaise lounge – the ultimate in adirondack chairs for comfort polywood adirondack chairs made by amish craftsmen our polywood adirondack chairs are made by the same talented amish craftsmen who make our indoor furniture. with this furniture that is maintenance- free, you will never need to do more than hose off your chairs occasionally. they will not fade, splinter, crack, and never need to be sanded or painted. if you scratch the surface, you will barely notice it, because the color that you choose is throughout all of the polywood material, not just on the surface. posted in amish polywood adirondack tagged with polywood outdoor furniture amish furniture in french country style posted on august 27, 2013 by jim miller leave a comment if you love the look of french country style furniture, you will definitely want to see our selection of french country bedroom furniture and furniture pieces for other rooms in your home. we sell top quality amish furniture that is made one piece at a time by talented amish craftsmen who use the same furniture-making methods that their fathers and grandfathers taught them. a french country dining table is another piece of furniture that will add charm to your home. each table is made with solid oak, cherry, maple, or other wood, with your choice of stain or paint. you do not need a large dining area to own an amish french country dining table, when you order our amish rectangular drop leaf table with solid top. this table allows you to choose from two different leg styles, and you can also choose standard or counter height for your table.  our amish craftsmen can make it for you in either oak or cherry solid wood. amish furniture for your dining room a few other styles of amish furniture for your dining room in french country style that we sell are these: amish made farmhouse stowleaf draw extension dining room table — available in four different sizes and in standard or pub table height with extensions that rest under the table amish vintage french country dining room table — in a formal style with a 1” thick solid hardwood table top amish design your own rectangular dining room table  — allows you to choose the size, skirting, legs, wood, and finish that you prefer when you add some of our french country style dining chairs, you will having a dining room set that may very well become a family heirloom. posted in amish benches tagged with french country dining chairs polywood furniture is good for the environment posted on august 22, 2013 by jim miller leave a comment polywood furniture is good for the environment one of the reasons why our customers buy amish polywood furniture is that it is good for the environment. each piece of durable furniture looks like wood and is made by the same amish craftsmen who make our interior furniture. the difference is that polywood is made from recycled milk jugs that would end up in landfills if they were not put to good use in making outdoor furniture. for each 100 pounds of polywood, 1,000 milk jugs are required. there are multiple benefits to polywood, in addition to the fact that it is eco-friendly, including these: our amish outdoor furniture made of polywood is extremely durable and will last a long time. some pieces are guaranteed for 25 years. no maintenance is required. if you scratch it, it is barely noticeable, since the color goes all through the polywood. just hose it off occasionally. it is weather resistant – direct sunlight, heat, cold, dryness, and other environmental factors will not harm it. polywood furniture will not splinter, crack, or warp. our polywood furniture is made in the usa. amish polywood furniture in beautiful styles we sell many kinds of amish polywood furniture at dutchcrafters, including a popular amish dining table that can be purchased with an umbrella. our amish polywood 29-1/4” square bar table allows you to choose the color, umbrella or no umbrella, and umbrella base. you can also purchase polywood bar-height chairs to go with this table, so that you can have many meals outside, enjoying nature. posted in amish polywood adirondack tagged with polywood furniture attention, designers! seeking guest bloggers for upcoming design center posted on august 19, 2013 by jim miller leave a comment dutchcrafters is seeking professional guest bloggers interested in expanding their creative business and teaming up with a furniture company that is rated a+ by the better business bureau. the objective of the design center is to create an online resource space for interior designers, decorators and people seeking ideas for home improvement, featuring exclusive content by guest bloggers that specialize in home design and decor. this is not limited to showcasing our finely crafted amish furniture. we want to bring customers with additional home decor information that is relevant to their needs and interests. some subjects we would like our guest bloggers to write about include: -styles of decor (country, traditional, classical, etc.) -decorating tips and tricks -entertaining guests -antiques -caring for furniture -outdoor and gardening -textiles for the home -organization and storage -sources of design inspiration and more! in this, we hope to build a network of design professionals that our customers can trust and hire for their own projects. we also plan on featuring certain individuals and services in exchange for their blog entries, along with seo and back links that will boost their online visibility. this is an opportunity for design professionals to subtly advertise their services by showcasing their expertise. projected design center launch date is october 1st, 2013. interested? shoot an email over to our social media coordinator at jordan at dutchcrafters.com to learn more! posted in design center « older entries recent posts 5 great ideas for outdoor lighthouses made in usa – why buy american made dutchcrafters customer reviews are rock solid the amish of pinecraft online amish furniture at dutchcrafters categories amish bar stools amish bathroom furniture amish beds amish benches amish bookcases amish breakfast noook amish chairs amish clock amish corner hutches amish country style furniture amish desks amish dining tables amish dressers amish furniture amish hope chest amish hutches amish jelly cabinets amish kitchen island amish lifestyle amish mule chest amish outdoor decor amish outdoor furniture amish pie safe amish poly furniture amish polywood adirondack design center furniture made in usa mission style furniture painted furniture pine furniture uncategorized copyright 2013 dutchcrafters.com			zeetasty theme