来源URL: https://web.archive.org/web/20131230150308/http://www.dutchcrafters.com/satisfiedcustomers.aspx
================================================================================

our satisfied customers follow us on log in   create a wish list   my wishlistmy profilechange passwordlog outshopping cart   order status   customer id: go search by tag: quick ship, gifts for her, gifts for him learning center made in america about us testimonials furniture by collections furniture by styles new arrivals our satisfied customers we believe that the furniture we sell is the best around, but you can hear that from our customers as well. frequently, our customers email or call us after receiving their furniture praising the craftsmanship of the products they bought and thanking us for our service. following are several of the messages we've recently received. 5 stars all across the rating board! the 2 each 24x12 birdhouses with dormers were a huge christmas gift hit! customer service was exceptional & they both arrived long before christmas, since i ordered them on dec. 9th & much to my joy found that 2 of them were in stock! one is for our property named” nature lover’s retreat” & the other was for our elderly friends to enjoy song and entertainment in one fell swoop! thank you so much! the houses are great quality & we cannot wait to get both of them mounted for the birds and all of us to enjoy! lorraine s. ca , 12/30/2013 this customer bought:three room cottage birdhouse dear gwen and valerie just wanted to let you know the pieces arrived last thur right on schedule, the deliveries guys were great, and we're very happy with all the pieces...casegoods you call them?...are every bit of what we wanted and expected, and more! thanks for the help with every step along the way, right up to delivery by gary blevins guys. well done...by you and the craftsmen. greg f. me , 12/16/2013 this customer bought:montana mission tv standleah mission small end tablemission nesting end tables set of threearts and crafts bookcaseleah mission small coffee table alicia, my hutch arrived on friday. it is perfect!! thanks so much for a great experience. janet c. ca , 12/16/2013 this customer bought:pine wood farmhouse hutch we just received the grandfather clock that law clerks purchased for our judge and it is magnificent! garry bleven and henry esh who lovingly delivered it to manhattan were outstanding to work with as we scheduled delivery. you couldn't work with two more wonderful people! the judge absolutely loves the craftsmanship of the clock and it is truly gorgeous. i highly recommend your company and l know the judge looks forward to enjoying his clock for many, many years to come. sue m. ny , 11/18/2013 this customer bought:mission grandfather clock with auto night silencer hi valerie, we received our new kitchen dining set the other day and we absolutely love it! the cherry wood is beautiful and the rich tobacco stain was the perfect choice. we really like the style of the francis pedestal table with the curved base. thank you so much for helping us pick out the contemporary shaker dining chairs. they are really comfortable and they look like they were made to go with the table! i have attached some pictures of the dining set in our breakfast nook. best, jennifer r. jennifer r. va , 11/4/2013 this customer bought:francis single pedestal dining tablecontemporary shaker dining chair hi tara, thanks so much for responding, and also for helping me with this. i really do appreciate it! you know... i'm also in a service-oriented field and have to say, you (and your company) have really impressed me with your customer service. :) take care, barb barbara m. ny , 10/30/2013 this customer bought:mccoy mantel clockhardwood shaker shelf i love the amish cage-back chairs from dutchcrafters. i was so pleased to find these stunning heirloom quality chairs ... made in america. the wood, the finish and the craftsmanship are impeccable; not like the imported, poorly finished, soft woods found in stores or the latest over-priced yuppy catalogs. dutchcrafters accommodated my choice of wood, finish and color. their delivery and set-up was flawless. i would highly recommend their furniture ... buy american ! jill r. pa , 10/21/2013 dear dutchcrafters, thank you so much for everything. simon just delivered the bed and it is just beautiful! it is everything i was hoping for and such fine craftsmanship. well worth the wait. it was a pleasure to work with everyone at dutchcrafters. sincerely, patricia f. patricia f. ca , 10/11/2013 this customer bought:elegant river bend cannon ball bed alicia, my credenza arrived. looks great and, at first glance, it appears to be in perfect shape. it's everything you promised it would be. thanks. -jim gorman (jim liked our freemont mission credenza but needed some additional drawers. we worked together with our amazing woodshop and made jim's vision a reality. we offer customization on many of our pieces. please call with your questions!) jim g. mi , 10/10/2013 this customer bought:freemont mission credenza with six file drawers we ordered two octagon picnic tables for our deck. they are absolutely gorgeous and we are constantly receiving compliments. there was an issue with the trucking company and customer service took the bull by the horns and resolved the problem. customer service has always been cheerful and a pure pleasure to deal with. we will...and do...highly recommend dutchcrafters to all those who compliment us on our tables. rebekah v. ny , 10/7/2013 this customer bought:pine wood octagon picnic table with benches alicia, thank you.and please be sure to extend our thanks (and admiration) to the people who made it for us! :-) kathleen m. co , 10/4/2013 this customer bought:rustic cabin hickory wagon wheel bed valerie, we received our table and love it. aubrey e. ca , 9/30/2013 this customer bought:trestle table corner breakfast nook set desk arrived this morning and your guys did a great job. the delivery went great. we love the desk and know that it will be enjoyed by many generations in our family. thanks for all your help. penni w. tx , 9/30/2013 this customer bought:mission computer roll top desk hi valerie - the table arrived yesterday. you know, given the reviews we had read, our expectations were pretty high. well, as i told my wife when i had set it up, it was more beautiful than i had imagined and when she got home, she was in total agreement. what a stunning piece of furniture - we are thrilled! we aren't in the need of anything right now, but you can be sure you'll be first on our list to call and we will recommend you to friends who are in the market. we have friends coming for dinner friday night to help us break it in! thanks again for everything! charles b. vt , 9/26/2013 this customer bought:carlisle shaker dining room table all i can say is wow! we purchased four pieces: kitchen hutch, stereo cabinet, custom end table & sofa table all in washington cherry. everything arrived and exceeded our expectations. from the first phone call with alicia to the final shipping, all the staff was friendly and very helpful. the quality is top notch. if the shipping seems high, it's not when you see how well packed all the items are. if we ever need another piece of furniture, dutch crafters will be my place to shop. sandy a. id , 9/24/2013 this customer bought:mission style stereo cabinet unitpine baker's rack hutchshaker coffee tableshaker sofa table valerie & gwen – i just wanted to thank both of you for your help in getting my order to me. the furniture is absolutely beautiful and incredibly well-made. i had some doubts about ordering furniture from a website without ever seeing it in a showroom, but the desk, hutch, and bookcase that i received really exceeded my expectations. i’m already looking through the website to put together my next room – (this one will be a bedroom). thanks for all your help in answering my questions at the time of the order and helping me make sure i ordered the right stains and wood type. you can put me on the list of very satisfied customers. regards, nick nick a. ny , 9/23/2013 this customer bought:coventry mission bookcasecoventry mission lateral file cabinetcoventry mission corner desk with optional hutch top hello, i just wanted to let you know the hutch i ordered has arrived at long last and it's beautiful! exactly what i had hoped for. i couldn't be more pleased. thank you very much sincerely, virginia h. virginia h. ca , 9/20/2013 this customer bought:canterbury hutch - keystone collection alicia- i love my buffet. it's beautifully made and the finish is perfect. i love that the person who made it signed his name tasetfully on the inside of one of the drawers wendy g. ca , 9/16/2013 this customer bought:royal mission 7-drawer server hi valerie, hope this email finds you well :). i am happy and excited to say that our armoire arrived on saturday in tact and it is simply beautiful! i can't stop looking at it! the detailing is amazing and is so well crafted and absolutely perfect. the pictures online does it no justice. mr. garry belvins who arranged the delivery was a delight to deal with. he was so cordial and friendly. he was a real pleasure! his delivery staff were nice and hard workers. it took 3 of his men to carry our armoire into our bedroom where it stands so beautifully. i will highly recommend dutchcrafters to family and friends. i even posted it on my facebook page. maybe by doing so, dutchcrafters will get more satisfied customers like us. i thank you valerie for all your help and getting my order exactly the way i wanted it. it was a great pleasure to do business with you and hope to do more in the future. take care and have a fabulous, fun and healthy year...happy holidays in advance. warm regards, isabel c. isabel c. ny , 9/11/2013 this customer bought:hampton 2-drawer armoire hi valerie here are pics of the custom bench made by your company. the expert carpenter did an excellent job. i am very pleased with the bench. please let him know i appreciate his good work! i have had so many compliments and as you can see it really fits into my home perfectly!!! (custom design one continuous cross member on back side / one continuous sheaf) marie p. il , 9/10/2013 this customer bought:sheaf back bench i just wanted to let you know that we received the trash bin cabinet a few weeks ago.. we absolutely love it and the wood is so beautiful..nobody knows that it is a trash can and that is what makes it so special. thanks again for a lovely piece of useful furniture. kitty b. kitty b. az , 9/6/2013 this customer bought:tilt out trash bin cabinet with drawer hi alicia, i really love the amish bench and dining chairs! thanks for all your help with customizing the furniture! barbara b. nj , 9/6/2013 this customer bought:round spindle windsor benchbent spindle windsor dining room chair item received - delivery was great. item was packaged very securely. item was as promised - custom made and looks great. an amazing addition to our home. thank you james d. sc , 8/30/2013 this customer bought:cherry wood medium classic panel hope chest dutchcrafters, thank you so much for letting me know tracking #. i think your company has been exceptional to work with and i appreciate everything you've done. i'm very excited to get my birdfeeder! thank you- mary kath mary k. mn , 8/20/2013 this customer bought:small hexagon polywood bird feeder thank-you, color is perfect! thanks for all your help! robyn oh , 8/20/2013 this customer bought:pine wood cross legged picnic table - painted furniture gwen, just received the desk yesterday. i was beginning to wonder if it would be worth the 3.5 month wait but this desk is really amazing. the desk was better than expected and i even had high expectations based on your website and costs. the build quality, colors, wood grain and design are all impressive and i am very pleased. even locations which are hidden show careful attention to detail and exhibit a high level of craftsmanship. i will be keeping your company name for future quality furniture needs. erik erik ut , 8/15/2013 this customer bought:coventry mission corner desk with optional hutch top we wanted to send you a thank you for the quality piece of furniture we purchased…we had a great experience with dutch crafters! we spent months and months searching for a solid wood desk for our son. we wanted one that he could use for many years to come and then hand down to his children. i had one from my childhood and our oldest son has been using it. our younger son has really been wanting one too. we could not find any solid wood desks until we located dutch crafters on-line. it did take the full 12 weeks for us to receive it, but i also realize that this piece was hand made to order and quality takes time. the desk is gorgeous and extremely well made!! our son loves it and has done many days of homework on it already!! i highly recommend using dutch crafters! thank you for the quality of work and for the professionalism and helpfulness of everyone we spoke with along the way! heather heather g. al , 8/8/2013 this customer bought:shaker hill student desk valerie, i am so pleased that my beautiful furniture arrived in wonderfully pristine condition. thank you for your assistance. i have attached photos of the chair and the bench. joy b. il , 7/29/2013 this customer bought:low back royal mission storage benchamerican mission junior end tableshipshewana mission dining chair hi valerie, we received the hutch and it matches our existing dining room pieces perfect. very similar and great together. the lights work (who would have guessed one touches a hinge to turn it on). actually a really neat trick. we love it. thanks again! chester s. tn , 7/25/2013 this customer bought:corner hutch i received my rocking chairs today and they are amazing. i can't wait to add to my collection next year. alyce d. ny , 7/24/2013 this customer bought:polywood adirondack fan back rocker good morning alicia! the tables were delivered by a very nice gentleman last night at 7pm! he was awesome! and.. the tables... perfect!!! it was a long journey but ....thanks sooo much for all of your help! you rock!! thanks again! richard w. ohio , 7/18/2013 this customer bought:shaker chairside end table with dooropen chairside shaker end table we received our polywood patio furniture for our river house in jacksonville and love it! it is exactly what we wanted! thanks for the great quality products and equally great customer service. we will be back to buy more soon! kristin e. fl , 7/16/2013 this customer bought:polywood elite comfo-back outdoor bar stoolgarden rose polywood round patio bar table polywood comfo-back adirondack chairpolywood oblong end table we received the amish lighthouse and have already installed it. we love it. thanks so much for everything. clarence v. nj , 7/15/2013 this customer bought:lighthouse mailbox with solar light and copper roof it arrived yesterday and is just what we wanted. thanks so much! the quality was so much better than what we could find in stores around here. we are super happy! thanks kathy e. nj , 7/15/2013 this customer bought:pine wood patio gliding ottoman hi valerie. thank you so much for my purchase. the trunks are beautiful and i know my grandchildren will cherish these forever. the trunks were delivered on wednesday july 3rd and the delivery man was so kind and helped us unwrap and inspect them. please thank everyone involved for their hard work. sue sue k. or , 7/8/2013 this customer bought:trunk with flat lid hello valerie,the desk arrived in perfect condition and is beautiful. it is what i was expecting, just like the photos. thank you, danny danny f. nm , 6/24/2013 this customer bought:lexington u-shaped desk with optional hutch top the benches were delivered this morning and installed. they look great and everyone is very happy. simon was wonderful and arrived ahead of schedule – which was so helpful. thank you so much for your assistance. vada s. ga , 6/19/2013 this customer bought:mccoy mission bench dear dutchcrafters: i called a few weeks ago and asked for the impossible--two of your gorgeous "amish pine wood creative classic outdoor settee gliders" in just two weeks delivered to my vacation home in colorado. i stumbled across them on the internet and couldn't believe how beautiful they were and just had to have them the week we moved in to our new home. the gliders exceeded all my expectations! we ordered all new furniture for our cabin, but we got the most praise for these gliders that sit on the prow deck overlooking the san juan mountains. they are so comfortable and the most distinctive product available on-line (believe me, i looked at every wooden chair/glider/adirondack on the market!). they came quickly and in perfect condition--thanks for the extra care in shrink-wrapping the furniture. everyone that visits wants the order information, so i hope you see a spike in your orders. i am so grateful for the speed, quality, condition and outstanding customer service. your company went above and beyond to make our family very happy. thanks! sarah l. riehm sarah r. co , 6/13/2013 this customer bought:pine wood creative classic outdoor settee glider thank you loveeeee my new lighthouse! susan p. ny , 6/10/2013 this customer bought:assateague wooden lighthouse model just wanted to let you know how much we enjoy our table! thank you so much for your hard work to keep me updated. we truly appreciate your company and the work that you do. could not have asked for a nicer finished product that was packaged and delivered very carefully. it is a beautiful piece that will be used for many family dinners and gatherings. (note: shown in brown maple wood - paint with light distressing - parchment) erica m. ks , 5/22/2013 this customer bought:trestle table corner breakfast nook set i received my tables last week and they are perfect. thank you so very much. lori m. il , 5/21/2013 this customer bought:express chair side table my experience with dutchcrafters was absolutely wonderful. packship did an excellent job, the movers did an excellent job, and the quality of the table for eight is superb. i am so happy and you all made a dream come true. thank you, valerie, for helping so much with the ordering of the furniture. everything went very smoothy there as well. a happy customer, kay w kay w. mo , 5/9/2013 this customer bought:royal wheatland dining room chairhomestead dining room table we want you to know that we are delighted with our table! it's everything we hoped for and the service from dutch crafters was terrific. thank you so much! lyn c. ri , 4/30/2013 this customer bought:carlisle shaker dining room table i received the trash can today and it is beautifully made and fits in perfectly. many thanks. michael g. ny , 4/29/2013 this customer bought:tilt out trash bin cabinet with drawer dear valerie, i received my amish traditional breakfast nook this morning and it is a real wow addition to our home. i thank you and the crafters for a flawless product, that we will enjoy for ever. i am so glad that i had in home delivery, it was well worth it. i'm like a kid in a candy shop! i will recommend you and dutchcrafters to my family and friends! thank you again, betty b betty b. oh , 4/29/2013 this customer bought:traditional breakfast nook set with storage dear brianne, thank you, once again ,for all of your intercessions on my behalf. the amish mail box i ordered was absolutely beautiful, and the colors that you helped me select were right on target. you were extraordinarily patient and kind with my numerous inquiries, and consequently, i am thrilled with my purchase. you are indeed a credit to dutchcrafters, and as i conveyed to your supervisor, you are the type of individual who gives a company a good name.please know how profoundly appreciative i am of your outstanding service and attention. i certainly will not hesitate to call you in the future. jeryl n. ny , 4/26/2013 this customer bought:mailbox with cedar roof - many colors available i absolutely love the glider/swivel chairs. we could not be more pleased. they are being used at the corner of our 2.5 acres at a recently built firepit/patio destination area. i will not hesitate to contact you with a future order when we know what we need for the front and back porches. thank you for such great service! michelle w. ok , 4/24/2013 this customer bought:polywood curve back swivel porch glider chair hi, valerie, the attached picture doesn't do justice to just how beautiful this set turned out! my sincere thanks to you and all the craftspeople involved. this will definitely be an item to be cherished for generations to come! best regards, lew lew s. ks , 4/22/2013 this customer bought:high country counter height breakfast nook set just wanted to say table and benches arrived friday. totally beautiful. my father was home to receive the table and benches and said the delivery team was excellent. thank you very much for all your assistance. i cant wait to get the two chairs and mission benches. anthony r. ny , 4/22/2013 this customer bought:rustic double stump table with walnut toprustic 72" walnut bench i received my order of polywood furniture today and am very happy with the quality of all of the items. they look great and are quite comfortable. elaine r. fl , 4/17/2013 this customer bought:single curve back polywood glider chair hi valerie, i received my tilt out trash bin last night, a month ahead of schedule, and it is absolutely perfect!! i love it. i just wanted to thank you for all of your help. christine christine d. ny , 4/8/2013 this customer bought:tilt out trash bin cabinet with drawer gwen and valerie, my mom received her furniture and absolutely loves it! i visited my mom this past friday and it was the first time i was able to see the dining room pieces and it was indeed beautiful. thank you, nancy l marjorie s. nj , 4/1/2013 this customer bought:queen anne sideboardoval queen anne dining room tablequeen anne dining room chair just wanted to let you know we received the mailbox today. my wife and i love it! thank you very much daniel r. md , 3/27/2013 this customer bought:log cabin mailbox with cedar roof my martinique buffet server finally arrived today! unfortunately, i'm at work, so i haven't seen it yet. my dad (who was at home when the deliverymen arrived) says it's beautiful. and my 2 year old and 4 year old love hiding in the cabinets. my dad says that the two of them couldn't hurt the thing if they tried. "it's built to last thru generations of kids hiding in it." thank you! gena n. mo , 3/25/2013 this customer bought:martinique server buffet with self closing server tray option "mission" accomplished! i just wanted you to know that the table has arrived. it is absolutely gorgeous and exceeds my expectations. i can't wait until my husband gets home and sees his "surprise"! please pass along my great admiration and appreciation to those who crafted such a work of art, and for those who ensured it reached our home here in maine. warmest regards, maureen me , 3/14/2013 this customer bought:lancaster mission glass top display coffee table hi, valerie, the stools just arrived and i can't tell you how excited we are! they are perfect, far beyond what we expected. we can't get over the beauty and workmanship, and we will highly recommend dutchcrafters for quality, service, price and promptness to anyone who will listen! you are great! and you'll be hearing from us again! mary p. va , 3/12/2013 hi valerie , i ordered furniture from dutchcrafters last january... and was waiting for just a few last touches before i sent along pictures to you. i just wanted to let you know i have never been so pleased with a furniture purchase before. not only was the help and service wonderful but the final product is simply beautiful. the color and finish and attention to detail is amazing. i love every single piece that i picked out!!!! once again thank you so much for all your help and here is the final product in my living room:) have a great day! heather heather d. vt , 3/7/2013 this customer bought:american mission sofa table with three drawersamerican mission large end tableamerican berlin economy corner entertainment centeramerican mission square coffee table we got our island yesterday. it’s beautiful! just what we wanted. thank you so much, it was worth the wait. julissa t. ca , 2/28/2013 this customer bought:custom french country kitchen island the hutch and chairs are just beautiful. garry blevin's men were polite, on time and careful with setting them up. my family is going to enjoy this well made furniture through the generations and that is exactly what i wanted. thank you so much, bettina power bettina p. pa , 1/22/2013 this customer bought:thumb back windsor dining room chair the stool arrived for my granddaughter a few days ago. they are very happy with the stool; it's sturdy and beautiful. barbara b. wi , 1/22/2013 valerie, first and foremost, i wanted to thank you all for the well constructed, beautiful furniture. it arrived just before christmas, and because of holidays and the flu, i have just now had the opportunity to tell you how pleased i was with the final product. my husband is very particular, and usually difficult to please with regard to furniture construction, etc. he was overwhelmed. i must say i was a bit worried, ordering via online pictures only, but what we received is first class!! billie s. ms , 1/20/2013 this customer bought:american mission junior coffee tableamerican mission junior end tableamerican mission plasma tv standmission chair (ottoman not included)mission sofa thank you, thank you, thank you!!!!!! the box arrived as scheduled. we packed it directly into our reenacting trailer and will assemble it later this week. gary gary k. fl , 1/14/2013 this customer bought:old fashioned goat wagon - large rustic dear valerie, our kitchen nook arrived - it looks great! your company, dutchcrafters, was easy to work with and delivered furniture ahead of schedule. the delivery option with in-home installation was worth the price - very professional driver and he arrived exactly when he said he would. it was made in indiana and that makes me feel wonderful - a hoosier nook! the quality of the wood benches/table/free standing bench is superb. the brown maple is a nicely weighted wood, the finish looks very close to the sample you sent, and the overall feel of the wood is smooth and substantial. i am so glad i didn't pay extra for the finer maple. this brown maple works just great with the darker stain. your advice was very much appreciated. i sent an email to the interior designer i was working with who helped me find your company, laura fischer at fisher design, llc. if she ever has a client looking for quality wood products, i am sure she will look to your company again. we are all very happy! blessings to all of you at dutchcrafters, estelle estelle r. mo , 1/8/2013 this customer bought:traditional corner nook with storage dear gwen, my husband purchased a light oak mission style dining room set for me for my birthday, and we cannot begin to thank you for the high quality workmanship, the beautiful finish, and the customer service we received! although we had to delay receiving our dining set, the nice people are dutchcrafters assisted us in rescheduling as we cleaned up from hurricane sandy and we received it just in time for the holidays! everyone who came to our home commented on how well-made our furniture is, and how absolutely beautiful the style and finish are ! we are very happy and will definitely recommend both the amish craftsmen, the delivery company, and the folks in the office at dutchcrafters, who together, customized our order, finish, payment plan, and delivery without any problems whatsoever! bravo! sincerely, lisa lisa p. ny , 12/28/2012 this customer bought:american mission dining room chairbellingham trestle table we have just received our drop-leaf table and 2 extensions. they are beautifull, and the small size is just what we needed. thanks for your great customer service and a beautifully made table. sandra t. az , 12/13/2012 this customer bought:square drop leaf extension dining room table valerie, the hutches arrived yesterday. they "exceed expectations". they are very beautiful and well made. it was a pleasure to work with your company! thanks, tim & deb tim t. il , 12/4/2012 this customer bought:corner hutch the buffet arrived today. it is perfect. the craftsmanship is outstanding. well worth the wait to allow real craftsman to build something special for us. it is so solid and well built. the delivery crew was great. it arrived without a scratch. thank you so much. bruce g. va , 11/20/2012 this customer bought:royal mission corner hutch thank you for the wonderful jelly cabinet! it is perfect and looks great with my other furniture. beautiful! sincerely, lila lila l. fl , 11/14/2012 this customer bought:deluxe jelly cabinet with tin doors hi valerie, i wanted to thank you for all your help on our order for the custom coffee table. it arrived safely and looks fantastic, please convey that to the woodworker. it was a custom order and he/she did a great job. i have already recommended working with dutchcrafters to others and will not hesitate to work with you again for future furniture needs. i received and completed the dutchcrafters survey but wanted to thank you more personally. i hope you and your family did not suffer too much damage from hurricane sandy. best regards, barbara barbara b. nj , 11/6/2012 this customer bought:lancaster mission glass top display coffee table good morning valerie, thank you again for your valuable help in ordering the oasis panel bed. it is truly spectacular, and we all love it. i have nothing but positive things to say about dutchcrafters. a friend has already ordered and received a bed based on my recommendations and i have placed another order as well. many thanks for your fabulous workmanship and service. mary mary c. ca , 10/11/2012 this customer bought:eco friendly bedroom furniture this furniture is the best purchase i have ever made. the quality is superb, very well crafted, and delivered in perfect condition. excellent company to deal with, have done business again with them and will order my next furniture purchase from them. richard r. me , 10/9/2012 this customer bought:double pedestal dining room tablemission dining room chairtraditional breakfast nook set with storageupholstered glider with optional ottoman i wanted to update you on our amish furniture purchase--the two rockers and the hall tree bench. we received one of the rockers this morning, the daisy rocker. the piece is exceptional, and we are very pleased to be able to gift our children with this quality furniture. it came much sooner than we expected. we look forward to receiving the other two pieces when they have been completed. thank you again for your help with the selection and ordering. best wishes cynthia s. mo , 10/2/2012 this customer bought:daisy rocker hi valerie, my order arrived on friday. the desk and credenza are beautiful! they were shipped with extra special care and delivered in pristine condition. thank you so much for your help with the order. i am 100% satisfied with the desk and credenza and i plan on doing business with dutchcrafters again real soon. thanks again, dan dan s. ct , 9/24/2012 this customer bought:traditional credenzastandard mission roll top desk with top drawers i am so happy with my purchase! this hutch and bench are absolutely beautiful! i have the most beautiful dining room now! brooke w. fl , 9/21/2012 this customer bought:pine hoosier hutchsmall storage bench hi valerie, attached are two pictures of the table and chairs. thank you again for all of your help. we are delighted with how it all turned out. the craftsman did a wonderful job and your company was a pleasure to work with. warm regards, karen b. karen b. id , 9/20/2012 this customer bought:traditional breakfast nook set with storagesan marino dining room chair valerie, i received the cabinet in very good condition this afternoon. very well packed! thank you for the lovely piece of furniture. david david s. wi , 9/19/2012 this customer bought:mission style stereo cabinet unit hi valerie! we received our coffee table yesterday and it is gorgeous!! the washington cherry stain matches really well with our other furniture too. thank you so much for your patience with me as i was trying to choose the right stain. that was the most stressful thing i’ve ever had to do! especially since the table was going to be special made for us and there was no turning back on the purchase. my being a perfectionist is very frustrating for me sometimes! just wanted to let you know how pleased i am with the table. diane a. sc , 9/12/2012 this customer bought:mission occasional square coffee table linse and gwen i received my desk yesterday and i couldn't be happier. it is beautiful, my husband is very impressed with the craftsmanship and quality of the desk. i was very nervous ordering furniture on-line but my experience with jmx has been exceptional from start to finish. we will definitely keep jmx in mind for purchases in the future and spread the word about your wonderful company. sincerely christine l. christine l. nh , 9/5/2012 this customer bought:small arts and crafts computer desk hey gwen, just wanted to let you know i have received my order in good condition. i love it. thanks, alan alan r. ar , 8/9/2012 this customer bought:rustic cabin hickory stick back swivel bar stoolrustic cabin hickory pub table we received our dog cage today right on time and they carried it into the house for me. the craftsmanship is great and it is just the right color of oak. it is so nice not to have a cage in the way by the couch. our dog went right in and made herself at home. we would love to order from your site again. thank you beverly b. oh , 8/9/2012 this customer bought:dog crate end table hello gwen, the pieces are beautiful, please tell the craftsmen we are extremely happy with their work. i don't think i could have found pieces this beautiful anywhere else. thanks, rajita rajita p. ca , 7/31/2012 this customer bought:large curio cabinet with sliding doorslarge console curio cabinet our chairs were delivered in fine shape yesterday and we're very happy with them. i was nervous about ordering furniture online, but i'm glad we did. thanks again! james p. md , 7/24/2012 this customer bought:queen anne dining room chair hi gwen, i wanted to let you know everything arrived and it looks wonderful. my compliments to the woodworker, he did an excellent job. thanks again. brian w. va , 7/24/2012 this customer bought:48" deluxe jewelry armoire with rope twist we received it and it's fantastic! richard h. va , 7/16/2012 this customer bought:mailbox with cedar roof - many colors available just to let you know—we received our chair yesterday; it looks great! thank you! dan f. md , 7/12/2012 it's here! it looks so beautiful. thank you very much for your help designing and fabricating the island for us! we are so pleased, it's perfect an looks like it grew there! best regards, joe joe c. ny , 7/5/2012 this customer bought:design your own 49" wide deluxe kitchen island gwen, received my rocker today...love it, love it, love it. thank you so much to you and all involved in the making of this beautiful piece. would recommend dutchcrafters to any and everyone. thanks again, pamela pamela w. ca , 6/20/2012 this customer bought:upholstered grandma's rocker with optional footstool my experience with dutchcrafters was excellent. valerie was so pleasant and so helpful with any questions that i had. we love our new kitchen island and chairs. everyone that sees it just loves it. joyce c. nj , 6/18/2012 this customer bought:napoleon french country bar stoolcustom french country kitchen island oh my, it is beautiful!!! it exceeded my expectations. wow! that is rare with online trade. i thank you so very much! the packaging was incredible! the craftsmanship is awesome! i am truly, truly pleased!! i just wanted to let you know that. thank you so very much, again. i will be sure to recommend you. errol a. ar , 6/13/2012 this customer bought:corner wall curio cabinet hi valerie as you can see the custom made island looks beautiful in our kitchen. it exceeded all my expectations, we got plenty of storage and lots of additional counter space. thank you for all your great work. best regards, roberto roberto f. ca , 5/22/2012 valerie, the vanity was well worth the wait. we are delighted with the product; the craftsmanship is excellent, your attention and service were terrific, and the swatches helped us choose a beautiful granite that blends well with the wood. here are some final photos. thanks again. we will revisit your company when we do further renovations! francesca g. francesca g. ca , 5/16/2012 this customer bought:72" mccoy mission open bathroom double vanity cabinet hi gwen, they look great on our deck! regarding any future orders of furniture (since we do like it so much) perhaps next year or some other time, we are more than happy to buy through jmx and would plan to do so. along with recommending you to our friends. i appreciate your business model and how you increase the availability of these products to consumers. kind regards, kurt b. kurt b. md , 5/15/2012 this customer bought:polywood fan-back adirondack chairpatio polywood round conversation table attn: customer service rep, gwen thank you for expediting the new metal rocker arms for our patio furniture. they have been installed and we are again enjoying the patio set we purchased from you. rita h. wi , 5/14/2012 gwen, thank you for this. the armoire arrived on monday and is extremely well made. the requested customizations were done very nicely. the woodworker clearly understood the philosophy of making this piece similar to the stereo cabinet and extended it gracefully and thoughtfully where necessary. thank you again. kind regards, chris chris s. il , 5/10/2012 this customer bought:petite computer armoire desk my order arrived yesterday. it is absolutely beautiful and my wife loved it. thanks and we will be ordering again. charles s. tx , 2/28/2012 this customer bought:jewelry chevelle we absolutely love our new island! valerie is so great to work with. the stained maple top is so rich looking -- exactly how we were hoping it would turn out! the entire piece is extremely well made. the light distressed almond finish is so pretty it has inspired us to repaint our cabinets to match! thanks so much for a superior product and professional, personal and friendly service. we are now ordering stools from dutch crafters to match the island. sincerely, betsy thatcher, richfield, wi (wood:maple - paint with light distressing – almond / island top hard maple wood 1 1/4" top stained michaels cherry) betsy t. wi , 2/14/2012 this customer bought:deluxe self-storing extension kitchen island valerie, received the royal mission table and sideboard today. the picture says it all. it is beautiful. everything went as planned. it was worth the wait to receive such a wonderful set. thanks for making this a great experience. tanya~ tanya z. wi , 2/7/2012 this customer bought:royal mission sideboard with wine rack royal mission dining furniture set - made in usa we are very happy with the montego bay dining set and our amish heirloom hutch. jeff b. md , 2/3/2012 this customer bought:heirloom hutchmontego bay single pedestal dining table - keystone collectionmontego bay dining chair - keystone collection hi valerie, well, it has been a while and the pieces have found their final home. we love our pie safes!!! everyone who visits does as well. some of our friends even comment on them when we are visiting their home! we always tell them how wonderful your company was to work with - from the representatives to the woodworkers - and what a great job you did. when our friends ask if they were standard pieces, we explain that you worked with us to modify the units to our needs/desires. i always have fun showing the "connector" pieces (the inverted triangle of wood) which visually link the pieces into one unit, and explain that i came up with the idea and original simple design, but your woodworker vastly improved on and implemented it in a creative, versatile and practical way. thanks to all of you, and especially to you for being an amazing liaison during the design process. they came out exactly as we were wanting!!! thank you! carol carol p. ca , 2/1/2012 this customer bought:olde mission pie safe thank you. i received the hutch today and it's absolutely beautiful. leith e. va , 2/1/2012 this customer bought:farmhouse corner hutch in pine wood hi gwen, i received my beautiful quilt rack this morning. i love it. thank you. marcia marcia c. me , 2/1/2012 this customer bought:large quilt rack valerie, i just wanted to let you know that the book stand cabinet arrived today in good condition. my husband likes it and his books fit perfectly on top and inside the lower portion. even though i had to pay almost as much for shipping as the cabinet cost, i am pleased with it and i have no doubts it will provide decades of service. greta h. ut , 1/13/2012 this customer bought:arts and crafts podium bookcase with door the chairs arrived in good order. they are beautiful, even nicer than we had hoped. thanks for the excellent service. it has been a pleasure. richard w. manitoba, canada , 12/14/2011 this customer bought:queen anne dining room chair the bookcase is perfect! i would order from you again in a heartbeat! lisa l. or , 12/9/2011 this customer bought:american deluxe arts and crafts bookcase today i received my curio cabinet i ordered from you. i could not believe the quality and craftsmanship. thank you. now i want to replace the rest of furniture. i am happy to have furniture hand made in the usa from quality craftsmen! thank you cathy l. ca , 12/7/2011 this customer bought:large console curio cabinet i just unwrapped my hoosier hutch and was astounded by its beauty. i ordered this on line and because i can't talk very well had to depend on clarifying my request through text and pictures. i was fearful that i hadn't gotten my point across very well but when i unwrapped it, i cried. it was exactly as i had pictured it in my mind! the quality of the workmanship is outstanding and this will be a piece of furniture to pass down through generations. my only regret is i will never know who made it and i would so like to send them a thank you note. my many thanks to valerie for being so patient and understanding. janice s. mo , 11/9/2011 this customer bought:pine hoosier hutch we wish to confirm that the storage bench arrived safely and we are very pleased with the quality and the solid wood back and bottom. both pieces of furniture we purchased were excellent! tina and martin b. tina m. wa , 11/9/2011 this customer bought:scallop box storage bench hi linse, we received our two dining hutches yesterday!!! they look perfect, we are really happy with them! thanks so much for your help and getting them customized to be perfect for us! i appreciate your help! -eileen eileen s. fl , 11/9/2011 this customer bought:pine corner hutch received the item yesterday as you stated and it looks great! just wanted to thank you and the maker in pa in getting it to us before the weekend. thank them also! great job all around!!!! julio q. pa , 10/7/2011 this customer bought:mailbox with cedar roof - many colors available dear valerie, my island came today and it is more beautiful than i imagined. thank you and all who made it. you can see how the island works perfectly with my kitchen cupboards. i love it!! angela angela b. ny , 10/6/2011 this customer bought:design your own 37" wide kitchen island - 2 drawers and 2 doors we are very satisfied with the chairs we purchased. they are well-built, very sturdy and look like they will last a long time. the paint and aging look good, and all the surfaces are finished beautifully. the design of the chairs is also extremely comfortable. the customer service was very helpful and responsive with the small problem we had. we would definitely recommend this product and buy from jmx international again. wyatt w. ma , 9/25/2011 linse the whiskey barrel fountain is beautiful. thanks again! william o. ma , 9/8/2011 hi valerie, i just wanted to express my sincerest thanks to you and everyone there for the beautiful furniture that was delivered this week! no pun intended, but you really delivered! and it was well worth the wait. all of the pieces were everything i expected, and more. the color is perfect and the quality and craftsmanship is fantastic. i want you to know how much i appreciate your help with the order and the amazing work that everyone did to produce my stunningly beautiful furniture. i know i will enjoy it for many years to come. and it makes it all the better knowing it was made right here in the usa! consider me a most satisfied customer! thanks again, kevin kevin r. ca , 7/7/2011 this customer bought:modesto mission desk or credenza top base sold separatelyupholstered executive office chairmission morris chair with adjustable back modesto mission executive desk modesto mission credenza with file drawers got our hutch last week and we love it! just trying to find the perfect metal knobs to replace the wooden ones, to customize it a bit. our other furniture has the black wrought-iron type knobs and handles. marla b. michigan , 6/23/2011 this customer bought:pine wood farmhouse hutch i just wanted to write and say i love the tv cabinet your company made for me. a very nice job with quality workmanship. i will definitely order from you again. thank you. maria r. ca , 5/10/2011 this customer bought:economy entertainment center with glass doors valerie, the tables arrived and are already being used by students. thanks so much, everyone loves the tables! gail amsa charter school ma , 5/6/2011 this customer bought:polywood rectangular picnic table i received it yesterday and just love it. i wanted the craftsman to know it is beautiful. ann c. az , 5/3/2011 this customer bought:new england knuckled arm comb back windsor chair i love my new dining table and chairs from jmx. valerie was very helpful when i was trying to select the style of table and stain and the style of chair that would work for me. it was a great way to get the look i wanted with the size table that fit our space. there is so much to choose from in chairs that a decision is hard to make. the workmanship is excellent. valerie kept me in the loop and was always ready to answer questions while the furniture was being made. karen b. tx , 4/15/2011 this customer bought:yorktown single pedestal dining room table - keystone collectionsolid wood mission dining chair hi tim, as a follow-up to our order, i just wanted to let you know that it has just been delivered. everything was in order, nothing was damaged, and everything was packed to perfection. all in all, we are very pleased with the whole experience, and would not hesitate in another such endeavour. i will try and remember to send you a picture, once we have the bench in place, when we take it out to our little paradise in fairmont, bc. thank you for all your help with this order. anita and derwyn p anita d. alberta, canada , 3/22/2011 this customer bought:sunrise raised panel storage bench our armoire is safely in place (see attached picture). it's a beautifully crafted piece and solid as a rock. the purchasing process was smooth and everything occurred when and as promised; communication during the construction phase was helpful. our compliments to the artisans and the sales force. buying furniture online can be risky but not in this case. highly recommended. donald donald r. pa , 3/2/2011 this customer bought:shaker armoire wardrobe dear valerie, please forgive the late message - we've been so busy with remodeling our house. i wanted to let you know that we really love the hutch we received in november. it is beautiful, very well made, and they also did a great job with the custom crown molding. the wood is amazing and is a perfect match with our walnut dining table and chairs. please let the woodworkers know that they gave us a wonderful piece of furniture, and give them our thanks. thank you also for the great customer service; it was a pleasure to deal with you and your company. all best wishes, katharina katharina k. dc , 2/21/2011 i've received my tables and love them. the craftsmanship is superior. thanks, joan joan m. va , 2/9/2011 this customer bought:living room 36" queen anne sofa table with drawerqueen anne rectangular end tablequeen anne oval drop leaf end table hi valerie and colleagues at jmx international, thank you all so much for all your help with the selection and purchase of my furniture. the furniture was delivered on friday and it is beautiful. my husband and i are so pleased. the delivery men were very nice also. please let everyone involved in the purchasing, making, and delivering of this furniture that we are so please and can't thank everyone enough for all their hard work. hopefully, we will be able to buy more furniture in the near future. fondly, sue sue m. nj , 2/1/2011 this customer bought:pine wood farmhouse hutch storage buffet or entertainment centerpine wood bookcase 6'large hope chest with hand painted design option hi valerie, just wanted to follow up on the delivery of my bedroom set. it is absolutely beautiful; i think my husband is in awe. the pictures on the web site just cannot do justice to the finished product – gorgeous, and the workmanship is outstanding! add that to the entire experience of ordering through jmx, your follow through and delivery – gary was wonderful, attentive, and delightful to talk with. i would highly recommend you to anyone. too bad i don’t need any other furniture right now. i cannot be more thrilled with my purchase. thank you so much. ursula & jim ursula j. fl , 1/27/2011 this customer bought:shaker hill nightstand with three drawersshaker hill solid wood chest of drawersshaker hill dresser with ten drawersshaker hill bed valerie: leon successfully delivered our bed this am as scheduled. he was there at 7:30am and had it assembled by 8am. it is beautiful craftsmanship and is every bit as beautiful as my wife and i had hoped for. i was leery about buying this type of furniture online but you can now count me as “a satisfied customer”. thank you valerie! fred w. oh , 1/5/2011 this customer bought:johnson four poster bed valerie, i just wanted to tell you guys that the gun cabinet looks incredible. i cannot believe the workmanship and quality that went into the construction of this showcase piece of furniture. i am very difficult to please and always find something that doesn't meet my expectations. however, this time everything is perfect. i started to add my rifles and shotguns into the cabinet and upon completion will send a picture. please offer my sincere appreciation to the craftsman that completed my cabinet. respectfully, steve steven p. md , 12/28/2010 this customer bought:single door 8-gun cabinet hello valerie, i wanted to let you know i received my furniture order yesterday, and i love it! the quality and workmanship exceeded my expectations. when i made a shopping trip to lancaster pa, there was plenty of good, fine crafted furniture, but not exactly what i was looking for, or for a price that seemed fair. thank you so much for all your help; you answered every email and concern i had in a fast, friendly manner. without your help, this sale would have not been possible! sincerely, john john k. nj , 12/27/2010 have a merry christmas... got the wheelbarrow on time and it is great.. my wife will surely be surprised.. thanks again for your help.. ray ray k. va , 12/27/2010 this customer bought:old fashioned wheelbarrow - large rustic hi valerie, i just wanted to let you know that we received our breakfast nook yesterday and we love it!!! the two-tone look worked out great. i've attached a photo so you can see. the quality of the nook is amazing and the delivery guy was great too! thanks so much for your help! *note: shown in cherry wood. stain on table: michaels cherry, stain on benches: espresso joanna b. va , 12/10/2010 this customer bought:trestle table corner breakfast nook set valerie and linse, i am loving my file cabinet. the quality is everything i dared to hope for. i can tell that the craftsmen have pride in their work. i would not hesitate to order from you again in the future. i am especially grateful for all the time you allowed me to obsess over this order. please accept my most humble gratitude. mary s. co , 12/8/2010 this customer bought:traditional three drawer vertical file cabinet valerie, just a note to let you know that the two buffets were delivered on 11/18/10 as scheduled. they are beautiful. the workmanship is excellent. i would not hesitate to order from you again. attached are pictures of the 2 buffets that i ordered from dutch crafters. as you can see, i use them together on a 12' wall. they are quite nice. carol h. de , 11/23/2010 this customer bought:storage buffet or entertainment center valerie: the chairs arrived on saturday. they are perfect. great quality; they look great. the delivery service you used was the best. they were friendly, careful and carried the chairs into our house. we are so happy with this purchase. thank you so much. bruce g. va , 11/11/2010 hi valerie, we have a prairie style house and these chairs look beautiful in the front yard on our bluestone patio! thanks so much! jody f. il , 10/27/2010 this customer bought:polywood round end table - 22", 29", or 32" high valerie, the products i ordered arrived yesterday. beautiful, nice job. thanks. john b. ca , 10/15/2010 this customer bought:mission lift top coffee tablemission end table hi valerie, we received our hutch, it is very nice and we are quite happy. it is a lovely addition to our home, and i look forward to ordering some more furniture soon. paul h. ca , 10/6/2010 this customer bought:mission three door hutch hi valerie, here is our dining room with our dutchcrafters table and chairs we ordered online. so beautifully made; will be a family heirloom for generations. wayne s. nj , 10/4/2010 this customer bought:craftsman mission table hi, i'm delighted with the mission bed and bedside tables we bought. they will outlast us for sure. they were crafted with great care and attention, thanks to sol in paradise, pa. the delivery couldn't have been smoother. gary bevins and his associate were very efficient and gentlemanly to boot. gary is a wonderful asset and salesman--even though he doesn't work directly for the company. he told us we could certainly order again with confidence. we already had ordered again and expect that the bookcase with be equally great. please pass this on. dona g. florida , 10/4/2010 this customer bought:craftsman mission one drawer night stand hi valerie, i wanted to let you know that we love our coffee and end tables. they could not be more gorgeous or well made. thanks. kathy v. nc , 9/27/2010 this customer bought:walnut creek mission coffee tablewalnut creek mission end table valerie, the furniture arrived safely and i am happy with everything. the table and chairs came out great. i've attached some pictures of the room which is now finally complete. thanks! jeff g. ny , 9/17/2010 this customer bought:carlisle shaker dining room chair valerie, i just wanted to let you know the table arrived safely saturday and looks lovely. it's exactly what i needed for my dining area. thanks very much for all your help along the way. lisa p. md , 8/31/2010 this customer bought:hampton single pedestal dining room table hi valerie - we just wanted to tell your company how pleased we were with the roll-top desk. we had never purchased such an expensive item on the internet, so it was with great reservation that we placed an order based on pictures and promises. we hope that you will tell the craftsman what a beautiful desk he created from the details on the side panels to the well-fitted drawers. the finish is also exceptional. my husband began our cabin five summers ago and the desk completely exceeded his expectations. when there was an unforeseen problem in delivery, it was solved to our satisfaction. thank you,nina & bill a. bill n. ca , 8/30/2010 this customer bought:executive roll top desk 50" hi valerie, gary delivered our table this afternoon. it is gorgeous!!! the style is great and the color is perfect. please let gwen know that we are very pleased with the table! thank you!! donna and george donna r. pa , 8/23/2010 this customer bought:american mission dining room table valerie, i got the side board today! i am so happy. it’s not a perfect match to my existing table – but it’s pretty close! great doing business with you all! stephanie stephanie p. nj , 7/16/2010 this customer bought:fresno sideboard valerie, i got the side board today! it looks great. great doing business with you all! stephanie p. nj , 7/14/2010 this customer bought:fresno sideboard hi valerie, attached are the pictures of our table. we love it!!!!!!!! it was worth the wait and every cent we paid for it. thank you for all your help along the way. you are a pleasure to work with. molly molly ca , 7/9/2010 this customer bought:lexington dining room table hi, ryan. i just wanted to take a moment to thank you so much for all you did to get our furniture shipped to us in time for our big party! everything arrived last friday and we are so pleased by the beautiful workmanship. finally, we can seat large groups of people in our home! i am extremely thankful to you for how well you communicated with me throughout all the weeks i contacted you with questions. i really appreciate the care you took to help me, even rushing our shipment to us! many blessings to you and all the staff and workers of jmx international. blessings, sharon hampton sharon h. tx , 7/2/2010 this customer bought:square drop leaf extension dining room table hello valerie, two pictures of your benches at the cosmopolitan hotel are attached. we still haven't opened yet, so the settings will change in the near future, but these pictures should give you some idea of their home. also, as you know, pictures rarely do justice to reality--they look much better in real life. when i first saw them i was struck by how much i enjoyed them instead of chairs at the dinning tables. thanks much, eric chuck r. ca , 6/25/2010 this customer bought:round spindle windsor bench linse, i wanted to let you know that our furniture was delivered today and it is absolutely gorgeous. their workmanship is excellent. gary and bill who delivered it were terrific very nice and friendly and they did a great job. thank you for all your help as well, you guys are great. it was a pleasure doing business with you and your group. warm regards, june f. june f. ma , 6/17/2010 this customer bought:vineyard panel bed with ebony wood inlayvineyard night standvineyard dresser low 66"vineyard chest of drawersvineyard night stand with 2 doors valerie: i wanted to let you know that the table arrived and it is beautiful. i am glad we took the time to carefully select both the table design (including the solid top and distressing) and the color. it is perfect for the room. and, as before, the craftsmanship is outstanding. i know we will enjoy it for many years (as we are the corner curio cabinet). thanks so much. lyle lyle s. ca , 6/10/2010 this customer bought:frontier shaker dining room table valerie, we received the benches a few days ago and wanted to thank you. they are beautiful, and the workmanship fantastic. i really appreciate your help, and you did a great job. thanks, chuck chuck r. ca , 5/31/2010 this customer bought:round spindle windsor bench hi valerie, i wanted to let you know the table arrived and it is very nice. we are quite happy with it. we are going to be shopping for a corner hutch, so i will probably be in touch. thanks, paul paul h. ca , 5/19/2010 this customer bought:slat mission coffee table linse - i just wanted you to know that we received the coat rack and it is just beautiful. we are really impressed. thank you so much for making such a quality piece of furniture. sincerely, lori v. lori v. mi , 5/19/2010 this customer bought:traditional hanging wall shelf with storage and coat hooks just wanted to drop you a quick thank you for a very nice product. received my bench in reasonable amount of time from purchase date, it arrived very quickly from shipment date and received in excellent condition. very pleased! thank you, judy lerch judy l. pa , 5/6/2010 this customer bought:picket bench with hand painted design option valerie, we love the table and bench!!! they are gorgeous. we just couldn't be happier. thanks, lora lora g. ny , 5/6/2010 this customer bought:reclaimed old wood plank farm table with breadboard ends hi valerie, i promised you a picture of my lighthouse, but then we had a freeze. i thought you might like it better surrounded by flowers. we are enjoying it! debbie slingo debbie s. florida , 5/3/2010 this customer bought:decorative polywood lighthouse linse/ryan: i just wanted to pass on to you that the new desk and file cabinet arrived this evening, delivered by a nice guy named garry and his sidekick bill. so far, from what i can see in the evening lamp light, it is beautiful, and i have yet to find any defects. it appears to be built to specifications. the stain appears a bit darker than we were anticipating, but that is by no means a problem – it still fits in rather well with other pieces we have. the computer is set up – i’m typing on it. i’m very pleased. thank you both so much and please pass my regards to the woodworker. mark mark n. ct , 5/3/2010 this customer bought:mission computer roll top desk mission two drawer file cabinet valerie, the dining room furniture is awesome! when they brought the hutch base in and we saw the wood and craftsmanship, we were awestruck! we couldn't be more pleased! robin robin h. fl , 4/26/2010 this customer bought:shaker four-door mirror back hutchshaker side boardamerican mission dining room chairamerican mission dining room tablearts and crafts plant stand choose from three sizes linse, we are enjoying our amish made rocker, bench and bar stools so much! have a blessed day! warm regards, linda linda f. al , 4/21/2010 this customer bought:charter windsor benchnew england comb back windsor rocker with knuckled armswinthrop windsor swivel barstool hi valerie: just wanted to send you a quick thank you. you made the process so easy, when we wanted to custom order the cabinet. it arrived last week, and we absolutely, l.o.v.e, love our cabinet. it is perfect. the paint chips were a great idea, making the end result even better. the hand painted flowers, shrunk down to the panel size worked out beautifully. the workmanship is fantastic. i can't say enough to express how happy//excited we are. thanks again. i know we will cherish it for many years to come. warmest regards, christina l. ca , 4/8/2010 this customer bought:primitive two door cupboard ryan, i just want to thank you for your patience in answering all of my emails. i received my bench today and it is gorgeous – well worth the wait. here it is! much appreciated all the best, maureen maureen s. nc , 4/1/2010 valerie, just got the stereo cabinet delivered, and it was worth the wait! thanks again, fred c. fred c. ny , 4/1/2010 this customer bought:mission style stereo cabinet unit hello valerie, i received the two corner shelves today. they are absolutely gorgeous! thank you for your help! diane g. nc , 3/17/2010 this customer bought:small corner hutch valerie, you're terrific! you should tell your company president that you are invaluable. your attention to detail and customer communication is outstanding - you personally are responsible for making the sale. best regards, kathy kathy ny , 3/5/2010 this customer bought:pine corner hutch valerie, the glider arrived fine and is delightful. your care with material selections helped put the perfect appearance on the the outstanding workmanship. thank you! norm norm b. wa , 3/5/2010 this customer bought:mission glider with optional ottoman just to let you know, we received the jewelry chest last week, and it is beautiful! it was definitely worth the wait. my sincere appreciation goes out to those who so expertly crafted it. thx! -dc david c. idaho , 2/8/2010 this customer bought:queen anne jewelry armoire dear wonderful friends at jmx! thank you, thank you, thank you!! my husband, fred and i received our new amish dining table and chairs last evening. we have never seen such beautiful workmanship as that from the amish community. their fine reputation for quality has always been perfection! they are true artisans! we are completely awed with the fine wood work and precision that went in to the crafting of these beautiful pieces! there is no doubt we found the very best in the jmx corporation and all of you, who care so much about your products, how they are crafted and manufactured, and ultimately providing such personal care in the process. we truly appreciate all of the time you each spent processing our order to insure that all was exactly right! that's the ultimate in customer service! we applaud you! it is rare to find such wonderful people who are in the business of true customer satisfaction. you all have exceeded our expectations, and we could not be happier. we also need to mention how we appreciate the outstanding efforts and personal attention from mr. gary blevins, the gentleman who delivered our dining room furniture and handled it with all the "tender loving care" one could ever expect! he called us numerous times as he made his way through the upper north west as he headed toward our home in surprise, az. he arrived around 8:30 p.m., and unloaded and handled the table and chairs pieces meticulously! he was pleasant, though obviously somewhat fatigued, but had promised delivery on february 2nd, and there he was! what a guy! again, we are so grateful to you all and to gary blevins for all that you do! we truly appreciate all of your combined efforts in making our purchase a very special, and satisfying experience! we wish you all our sincere gratitude and continued success! fred j. az , 2/3/2010 this customer bought:san marino dining room chair dear linse, yesterday, february 1, 2010, garry blevins delivered our lingerie chest. i want to thank you and the entire jmx company for being such a great company and for the business model that emphasizes customer service and quality. every aspect of your operation from ordering, follow up, shipping, and of-course the finest quality product are greatly appreciated. the amish solid cherry vineyard lingerie chest that we purchased matches our existing 12 drawer solid cherry dresser perfectly. special thanks to you, ryan mayer, garry blevins, and the very talented amish master cabinet maker. we will, of-course, refer all friends and family to jmx. sincerely, jim & judi sherer jim j. ca , 2/3/2010 this customer bought:vineyard lingerie chest hi valerie, finally received the bar stools yesterday. they are beautiful. thanks for the help and the great bar stools. kevin kevin s. id , 2/3/2010 this customer bought:prairie mission barstool dear jmx: i recently purchased a pie safe from you which arrived on friday, jan. 8th. it is beautiful and all that i could have hoped for, particularly for the price i paid. i am very pleased with the furniture. thank you. maureen a. pa , 1/12/2010 this customer bought:pie safe with tin doors just wanted to stay that the order came on wednesday and we couldn't be more happy with the quality of the 6 chairs that we ordered. for the price (or quite a bit more i suspect) i was unable to find anything locally in quality furniture stores that came close to being comparable. they are extremely well made and beautiful. my complements to the workmen in wayne county ohio, and also complements to the fine service that i received from jmx employees. would not hesitate to order again or recommend to friends. j. t. in , 12/21/2009 this customer bought:belmont queen anne dining room chair hi valerie~ the table has arrived and it is perfect! i was a bit nervous buying a table without actually touching and feeling, but it is exactly as i had hoped. solid, beautiful and will function perfectly for our needs. thank you for going the extra mile for the hand planing on the top, it wouldn't have the same impact without it. we have many antiques and it fits in with everything, the chairs it is paired with are 100 years old. please extend my gratitude to everyone who had a part in this fantastic addition to our home. patricia h. florida , 12/17/2009 this customer bought:double dutch pedestal table with self-storing extensions i received my amish shaker pie safe with copper, tin or raised panel wood doors on wednesday. i love the color and finish and craftsmanship. also you delivery company fellow was great!!! thank you. s. c. oregon , 12/14/2009 this customer bought:pie safe with copper, tin , seedy glass or raised panel wood doors hi valerie, the credenza is absolutely wonderful and i get terrific comments from everyone! have a wonderful holiday season. leslie ny , 11/26/2009 this customer bought:heirwood file credenza dear ryan, i couldn’t be more pleased with the stunning queen anne high boy dresser that was delivered today. it’s just superb, yet it is only topped by your attentive and gracious staff, especially valerie. thank you, thank you for such a beautiful piece. it most certainly qualifies as a family heirloom! warm regards, patricia b. california , 11/25/2009 this customer bought:queen anne highboy dresser we received the bookcases this morning and they are beautiful!! washington d. illinois , 10/28/2009 this customer bought:double door small mission bookcase received the shaker table and dining chairs today. they look great! bob s. georgia , 10/28/2009 this customer bought:shaker harvest dining room table thank you! i am extremely happy with the hutch--it's beautiful and is just what i envisioned. julie r. il , 10/28/2009 this customer bought:primitive cottage dining room hutch hi valerie, i just wanted to say that we received the beautiful bookcase that, like the desk, exceeds our high expectations. also, the delivery guy gary has been terrific on both deliveries--very easy to communicate and coordinate with, and the furniture was delivered in pristine condition. best wishes, stewart stewart a. ny , 10/20/2009 this customer bought:premium raised panel bookcase with doorsstandard roll top desk with optional top drawers i just received my order and absolutely love both of my birdhouses!!! what quality work!!! as arnold schwarzenegger says . . . "i'll be back!!" thank you sharon stewart sharon s. nc , 10/19/2009 this customer bought:wooden country store bird feederwooden lighthouse bird feeder and birdhouse combo dear everyone at jmx, i just received the file credenza. it is a magnificent piece of furniture. the workmanship is superb. my wife and i are extremely impressed with this item. the delivery (tlc, garry and billy) was excellent; what nice people and extremely accommodating. garry kept me updated throughout. i will certainly want to deal with your company again. please, tell all the crafts-people how very happy we are with their work. thank you for a very fine shopping experience!!!! sincerely, leslie p. ny , 9/11/2009 this customer bought:heirwood file credenza jim, the furniture is just beautiful and we could not be happier. those of us who had seen the furniture before and after the refinishing were dazzled by the difference. the rest of the family gushed over it. it is all we had hoped it would be and then some. i want to thank you again personally for taking the concerned and decisive action that you did on this. i know you did not do it primarily to earn business, but judging by what i have heard from our family and friends, you have done just that. thanks again. patrick patrick va , 9/9/2009 this customer bought:american windsor dining chair - keystone collectionclassic shaker extension dining room table - keystone collectionmadison extension dining room table - keystone collectionamerican windsor dining chair - keystone collectionbedford dining chair - keystone collectionplain leg barstool dear ms. miller, i wanted to write and say that i received my light house yesterday and it came well protected. the light house is exactly as how i pictured it and will be a nice addition to my garden. again, thank you for great customer service. sincerely, peter george cardasis peter g. nj , 9/2/2009 this customer bought:barnegat wooden lighthouse model we received the bar stools and they are just beautiful! thanks! linda f. al , 8/20/2009 this customer bought:winthrop windsor swivel barstool hi valerie, just a note to tell you that my furniture orders (desk chair, bookcases) arrived yesterday and that i am thoroughly delighted with the quality of these pieces. the outstanding quality and reasonable prices makes these items an outstanding value. the packaging for shipping was first rate! i will tell all of my friends about your company, your great selection and your wonderful service. thanks for everything! james james g. tx , 8/14/2009 this customer bought:pier bookcasesolid hardwood charter windsor desk chair just to let you know --- 1. i can't believe how fast the fence got here! 2. it went together easily. 3. i love it! it looks great in the yard! thanks. sandy l. il , 7/24/2009 this customer bought:vinyl classic picket accent corner hello valerie, i just wanted to tell you that the dining chairs are beautiful and match perfectly with the table!! thank you again for all your help! i know we have a few more future purchases that we will make on the horizon, so i will contact you when we are ready! thanks again!! julie pa , 6/26/2009 this customer bought:french country ladder back dining room chair mr. miller, the latest shipment of three chairs fit in with my existing set so nicely. i am very happy and i think you for such a wonderful set of chairs and the equally wonderful customer service. companies like your's are a rarity! thanks again, carole carole l. ca , 6/23/2009 this customer bought:colonial birdcage windsor cherry wood chair jim, i'd just like to take a minute and tell you how pleased i am with the furniture that i purchased from your company. i hope you will send my thanks to the craftspeople involved. they are true artists. not only is the furniture beautiful, but working with your company has been a pleasure--gary's delivery was excellent and linse was a terrific help. thanks to everyone! i will certainly be keeping your information handy for future furniture purchases. thanks again, lili rosenstreich lili r. nj , 6/17/2009 this customer bought:woodland mission bar stoolwoodland mission dining chair good morning, linse, i got a call yesterday from a gentleman who said he was delivering my new bench and asked directions to my house and told me he would be arriving around 5:00 pm. i gave him the directions and rushed home after work to await his arrival. the truck pulled up to my house at exactly 5:03 pm and imagine my delight when this dear man pulled a beautiful bench from his truck already assembled! my husband and i were so very happy that nothing had to be done with it but put it on our porch. and we are both impressed with the way your company has handled this entire situation. it has truly turned out to be an uplifting experience when it could have been a real headache. thank you for you kindness and assistance and please know that i will not hesitate to tell everyone exactly where i got the beautiful new bench and the wonderful story about the great customer service!! all the best, janet johnson janet j. pa , 6/16/2009 this customer bought:pine wood 4' english garden bench hi, i just wanted to let you know that we love our new furniture. the craftsmanship that went into these pieces is beyond compare. we like well made furniture and these are the nicest pieces we own. we will definitely be buying from you again! everything was perfect and of heirloom quality. thanks again for your assistance with our order. marv and patti kline marv p. pa , 6/16/2009 this customer bought:yorkshire double pedestal dining room tablehanover sheaf back dining chair hi linse, thank you for your email. i received the polywood chairs yesterday and love them! thanks! micheline w. pa , 6/16/2009 this customer bought:polywood folding adirondack chair thanks again for your help in scheduling the delivery and for producing such beautiful chairs. the chairs arrived approximately 3:00 pm friday and were in place for the party. several people noticed them and found them to be very attractive. perhaps we'll do business again in the future. it was a very satisfactory process. bruce w. va , 5/26/2009 this customer bought:new england standard arm comb back windsor chair just want to tell you how beautiful the bar stools are. many thanks to the excellent carpenter who made them! holly g. la , 5/13/2009 this customer bought:dutch backless barstool we wanted to let you know that we received our new dining room table and 6 chairs and that your company and craftsman exceeded our expectations. the packaging was excellent and it was delivered to our garage with no damage. we were apprehensive about ordering such an expensive unseen item but after talking with linse miller and checking with the better business bureau we decided to order our set. my wife and i have been looking in local stores for several months but never found anything like what we saw online at the ducthcrafters web site. after unpacking and setting it up, we then inspected it very closely. i am a precision machinist and my wife used to be an inspector for a large precision instrument company. we both couldn't find any flaws and were very impressed with the quality of the furniture. every time we walk into the room where the table is, we find ourselves admiring the craftsmanship and quality of this solid maple dining set as if it was a center piece of art. we would like to thank everyone at jmx that helped us find the perfect dining room set. please pass this on to the craftsman and workers who built and prepared this order with our greatest appreciation for their quality work. sincerely, peter and lisa carey peter l. nc , 5/13/2009 this customer bought:bellagio dining room chairmission solid top dining room table - keystone collection my desk arrived yesterday afternoon and it is beautiful!. to be honest, it is even nicer than i expeced! the workmanship is superb with perfect finish and fit and beautifully constructed. mimi, gary was wonderful - called three times to confirm arrangements for the delivery and was punctual to the time arranged. he made sure that the delivery would fit my schedule and timed things perfectly. handled the delivery well, absolutely no damage (not even a scratch) on this large piece. extremely pleasant and a pleasure to deal with. please pass on my thanks to the craftsmen for a fine piece of furniture made in the best tradition. thanks again for all your help. i am sure i will have further dealings with jmx in the future. best regards, bob bob g. pa , 3/25/2009 this customer bought:fifth avenue executive desk jmx international, i recently purchased (item 2668) amish pine pie safe with hand punched tin doors and received it to my home. it is so beautiful i love it. truly the most beautiful piece of handmade furniture i own. i am so happy and i love my piece. thank you! sheila w. il , 3/19/2009 this customer bought:pie safe with tin doors hi linse, here is the photograph of the executive desk; trust me it looks even better in real life. best regards, bob robert g. pa , 3/2/2009 this customer bought:fifth avenue executive desk dear linse, thank you for the gift of naturally made amish soap and for all your help. the nightstands my wife and i bought from your company last year are of excellent quality and craftsmanship, and we’re looking forward to our new loveseats that are being made. we’re planning to gradually replace all our furniture with amish mission furniture. have a nice day and thanks again for the gift, martin r. co , 3/2/2009 this customer bought:mission club loveseat linse, both pieces were delivered on monday, and i’m still finding myself staring at them both, marveling at how beautiful they are! the filing cabinet looks even better than it did on the website and fits in the space exactly as i had pictured it. i was a little apprehensive about the media cabinet, since it was built completely on my specifications – i was worried i hadn’t adequately described what i wanted. i should not have been concerned because it is stunning, and exactly what i was looking for. i had a carpenter come in this morning to bolt it to the wall; he was equally impressed with the quality of the workmanship and wanted to know where i had found it, so i happily showed him all 3 pieces i have purchased from you all in the last 1 ½ years! please convey my sincerest thanks and appreciation to both woodworkers. i couldn’t be happier with their efforts. the attention to detail and the quality of their work is truly amazing. now the rest of my furniture looks shoddy in comparison. i guess that will just have to be an opportunity to start replacing it, right? ;-) thanks to you also for being so thorough and patient as we worked through the details on the media cabinet. i appreciate your attention to detail and willingness to work with me so that i could have exactly what i wanted. from my perspective, it was well worth it! you’ll definitely be the first place i turn next time i need furniture. thanks again, lisa lisa e. va , 2/12/2009 this customer bought:four drawer lateral file cabinet dear mimi and valerie, just a little note to tell you that our dining room furniture arrived this morning and we're so pleased with everything. it is gorgeous and absolutely perfect for our home. we also want to thank you both for working to expedite the process so that the furniture arrived before i had to leave for russia. these were the last remaining pieced of furniture for our new home and it's very nice to have the opportunity to get everything unpacked and put in its place before i leave. please pass our compliments along to the woodworkers. the quality, style and comfort is everything we'd hoped for. the entire process has been pleasant and we'll definitely be recommending your company to others. with best regards, marie and bob marie h. nv , 2/12/2009 this customer bought:design your own round dining room tablecage back windsor dining room chairconcord sideboardhandcrafted library step stool chair combocage back windsor dining room chair attached are the pics of the pine wood buffet. its been wonderful! perfect size, height, style, color, function!! love it! andrea andrea o. pa , 1/22/2009 this customer bought:storage buffet or entertainment center dear mimi, gary delivered the lingerie chest yesterday and we love it! it is beautifully made. i would not hesitate to recommend your company to anyone who is looking for fine craftsmanship. this is an heirloom piece that will stay in the family for many years. i am so glad that i came across your advertisement on the internet. plus, gary, who delivered the chest was very polite and professional. thanks again. rick j. va , 1/14/2009 this customer bought:fur elise lingerie chest the furniture is lovely....stay tuned for another order :-) andraea andraea a. nc , 1/7/2009 this customer bought:deluxe bookcase with raised panel sides 3 piece setdesign your own rectangular dining room tableraised panel bookcase shaker server with raised panel sidescarlisle shaker dining room chairarched back empire benchshaker chest of drawers hi valerie, i just wanted to tell you how much we love the polywood chairs! they're perfect! we so appreciate all the help you gave us over the many phone conversations that we had. and for your patience with us! but hopefully it paid off for all of us! have a happy thanksgiving! best regards, barbara g. nc , 1/7/2009 this customer bought:comfo-back single glider just wanted you all to know the pine buffet is gorgeous. please let the men who built it know that. thanks! andrea o. pa , 1/2/2009 this customer bought:storage buffet or entertainment center linse, just wanted to let you know i got my windsor dining chairs and absolutely love them! they are so beautiful and very very comfortable. please thank the man who made them. we have already so enjoyed them. thank you, paige paige c. tn , 12/2/2008 hi, linse! we received the windsor bench, and it's fabulous! thanks! mary s. mi , 12/2/2008 this customer bought:philadelphia comb back windsor chairfranklin sack back windsor bench hi valerie - i just wanted to tell you how much we love the chairs! they're perfect! we so appreciate all the help you gave us over the many phone conversations that we had! and for your patience with us! best regards, barbara d. nc , 11/28/2008 this customer bought:comfo-back single gliderpolywood oblong end table mimi, the cabinet arrived yesterday in good order. thank you. i would like to compliment the carrier you used. they did a great job and were extremely helpful. i hope you will continue to use them for a long time. best regards, chris chris s. il , 11/17/2008 this customer bought:mission style stereo cabinet unit dear linse: our curio cabinet arrived this week and it is outstanding. the workmanship is astonishing - beautifully finished inside and out. the piece looks like it was made for the corner of our dining room - perfect proportions. the entire experience surrounding this purchase has been exceptional - from the first inquiry to the delivery. everything was handled very well. thanks for making this work so well and please tell the artist how much we enjoy his works. regards, lyle s. ca , 11/13/2008 this customer bought:mission style corner curio cabinet dear linse and mimi, i just wanted to thank you both for your help and advice since the dining room table and chairs just arrived safely. if you get an opportunity please send our thanks to the people who made them. impressive craftsmanship indeed. a delightful mix of practicality, elegance, along with hints of both traditional and contemporary style. so well made. we hope to enjoy sitting at this table for decades, let alone years. many thanks linda e. ca , 11/5/2008 this customer bought:bellagio barstool with swivelcountry mission dining room table linse, i just wanted to thank you and mimi so much again for the quick turnaround on the drop leaf table and saddle stools. my wife and i were ecstatic to get them and look forward to many years of good memories with them. i wish you both the best. please also thank samuel for the fine work. kind regards, leo c. nj , 11/5/2008 this customer bought:round drop leaf extension dining room tablesaddle barstool linse, say hi to mimi. sorry it took so long to send you a "thanks", and a few pics of our shaker bedroom furniture. if you can use them in your brochures or marketing, feel free to do so. the room is not big enough to get a photo of the "set", but you can see how it looks in our home. beautiful!! garry was really nice, and did a great job getting the furniture to us. norm glass ok norm g. ok , 11/3/2008 sideboard is here, finish is great, couldn't be more pleased with it, fits perfectly into the space i thought it would. thanks for another great transaction. all the best, dana d. tx , 10/29/2008 this customer bought:shaker hunt side board hi, i ordered a quilt cabinet and just wanted you to know that it is one of the nicest pieces i have ever seen. i love it!!!! my shopping experience was wonderful with your company. you have one of the best customer service teams i have encountered - ever! what a winning company, amazing products and customer service. an especially big thank you to mimi - she was very good. there were absolutley no problems with my whole experience - anywhere. my quilt cabinet is a beautiful piece and will defienitley become a family heirloom. i am constantly getting compliments on it and i couldn't be prouder. i would not hesitate to by anything else from jmx and in fact look forward to more. thank you very much, mrs. tami scott calgary ab canada tami s. mt , 10/29/2008 this customer bought:medium quilt rack i received my chairs and love them! thanks! morris morris a. sc , 10/15/2008 this customer bought:sheaf back dining room chair jmx international, i wanted to thank you for the way your company handled my order of a hutch. the piece is absolutely beautiful, it is the nicest piece of furniture we own! i was nervous to order something as expensive and personal as a piece of heirloom furniture over the internet but my hutch turned out to be exactly what i had envisioned. your sales people and customer service went the extra mile several times from helping me to customize my order, to sending stain samples (over and over), to talking to the delivery company on delivery date to fix some problems. thank you. i love my hutch and will recommend you highly to anyone looking for high quality furniture! marshelle s. ut , 10/7/2008 this customer bought:55" shaker hutch hi linse, three days after i sent that email i got a call telling me my stowleaf table was ready for delivery and would friday be ok? my table is gorgeous!!!!! and the delivery guys from tlc were wonderful. nan nan v. md , 10/2/2008 this customer bought:farmhouse stowleaf draw extension dining room table hi mimi, i received my roll top desk today. the picture on your website does not do it justice. it is beautiful! i've always wanted a big, well-built solid wood desk, but have never been able to find what i wanted. this desk is it!! i am so proud of it. garry, the delivery man was so nice and got it here without so much as a scratch on it. as heavy as it is, that was an accomplishment in itself. i just can't say enough good things about the craftsmanship, the service, and communications i received. i am a satisfied customer and i will check your site first for any future needs i have. thank you so much jack jack g. al , 9/17/2008 this customer bought:deluxe roll top desk with optional top drawersupholstered executive office chair mimi and linse, our pedestal table arrived wednesday the 23rd and we are very pleased. if we would have run across it in a store we would have bought it immediately. it is exactly what we wanted but could not find anywhere but with you. we were expecting to call the shipping company on the 25th but they showed up at noon on the 23rd without warning. luckily my wife was home and i was only ten minutes away. the driver was very good to work with and all worked out very well. thanks, again. the table is so beautiful. attached is a picture with one of the three leaves installed … hope to work with you again in the future as we shop for more furniture. thanks. david k. ut , 8/15/2008 this customer bought:48" round pedestal dining table i wanted to thank you for your excellent service on the purchase of our amish bench. it arrived last week in fantastic condition. the packing company you use did an excellent job wrapping the benches and table to ensure no damage in transit. after the simple assembly of the legs, our table found its final resting place and we love it! great craftsmanship. thanks, pete pete h. nh , 7/24/2008 this customer bought:reclaimed old wood plank farm table with breadboard ends linse i am really really happy with the piece of furniture that arrived. its just gorgeous! it was worth the wait! my next order will be a dining room table and chairs. any discount codes coming? : ) thanks, anne anne c. ca , 7/23/2008 this customer bought:mission plasma tv stand with leaded glass here are the pieces...we still love them after living with them awhile. melissa w. nj , 7/23/2008 this customer bought:american deluxe arts and crafts bookcasecraftsman mission four-drawer night standdeluxe secretary desk with hutch topcraftsman mission slat bed hello mimi, just a note to let you know the bed arrived. it's terrific; very well made. many thanks. and we want you to know that gary did a wonderful job of getting the bed to us. he was right on time, in fact a bit early, and kept us informed along the way. i'm sure it was not an easy trip. he is to be commended. our compliments to him and his helper jason. sincerely, jim and kathy amis jim k. ct , 7/17/2008 this customer bought:shaker pencil post bed hello jmx, i just wanted to let you know that the bedroom furniture arrived tonight and we love it! it is exactly what we had hoped for. i waned to thank you for all of your help, especially with the custom parts of the order. also, i wanted to tell you that garry was wonderful! he brought in the furniture and set it up in a very quick and professional manner. thanks again! melissa nj , 7/16/2008 this customer bought:american deluxe arts and crafts bookcasecraftsman mission four-drawer night standdeluxe secretary desk with hutch topcraftsman mission slat bed hi mimi, the pie safe cabinet was beautifully packaged, and we love it. i will recommend your service and product to others. thanks! laura w. ca , 7/8/2008 this customer bought:pie safe with tin doors thanks, mimi! the dining room furniture arrived, and it's beautiful! the delivery went great thanks to gary and henry, who were terrific. thanks everyone for our lovely new breakfast room! with appreciation, adele m. va , 7/8/2008 this customer bought:craftsman mission tableprairie mission dining room chairprairie mission barstool linse & mimi, we received our dining room chairs on friday morning. the driver had them on the back of his truck and was in our neighborhood so he came by in the morning rather than the afternoon. they were packed very well and he was able to get them to our garage where my wife and him unpacked them to make sure they were not damaged. the chairs are just what we wanted. the style is what we expected and the color turned out just great. we appreciate your assistance in helping us match the color about as perfect as it could be. they look great with our new table. thanks again for all of your help through out this process. jim j. ga , 6/25/2008 this customer bought:cage back windsor dining room chair hello all, i received my coffee & end tables today and my husband and i are thrilled with this special purchase. we will enjoy this furniture set for many years to come. thanks to everyone for your help and service, donna c. nj , 6/25/2008 dear linse: i wanted you to know that russ and i are very pleased with "hutch #2". now my dining room is complete with a hutch in both corners. as usual, gary was so precise--when he said he would arrive at a certain time, he did. he is so personable and fun to be around and we hope to see him again soon. jmx will definitely be the first place we shop when looking for quality furniture. thank you so much, linse. both you and mimi were wonderful to deal with and we couldn't be happier with our corner hutches. kathy s. pa , 6/11/2008 dear mimi and linse, please accept my thanks for the superb service and furniture. we love the shaker bed - it is beautiful - and the deliver truck drivers, jerry and jason,could not have been more courteous, helpful, and careful - they are a magnificent team! hope to do business with you again! sincere thanks, gail w. md , 5/14/2008 this customer bought:shaker pencil post bed hi mimi, our dining room table arrived today, and it is just beautiful. thank you so much for all your help. garry, who delivered it, was the very definition of professionalism; i hope you'll continue to use his services in the future. we love our new table! best wishes, kari k. md , 5/14/2008 this customer bought:design your own round dining room table yipee - happy customer ... hi mimi, i got my 4 amish chairs a few hours ago! i love them!!! they are beautiful and so well made! i love the way they make things-good quality craftsmanship! thx for being there on line for us! we are very happy customers! if i had the address of the person who made them, i would send a "thank you note." take care and have a blessed day......... gale s. or , 5/14/2008 this customer bought:ohio wheatland chair hello! i received my french country coffee table today. the craftsmanship is superb! i love it. thanks a bunch. jane z. wi , 4/24/2008 dear linse and kristina, we just want to let you know how happy we are with our farmhouse stowleaf table. it has exceeded our expectations. we appreciate your attention to detail to ensure that we got exactly what we wanted. the craftsmanship is spectacular. we wanted a table that would fit in our small dining area, and yet expand for family occasions. the stowleaf table works perfectly for us. also, it is gratifying to see work that reflects the character of the craftsman. even though this table is newly-made, it is already an antique. it will still be in someone's living room long after the veneered particle board tables are moldering in some landfill. thanks to you and the craftsmen who made it. ruth j. ca , 4/14/2008 this customer bought:farmhouse stowleaf draw extension dining room table dear linse: i just wanted to take this opportunity to thank you and jmx for the beautiful corner hutch. the timing of the delivery was perfect as it was our 42nd wedding anniversary--what a beautiful gift. the craftsmanship exceeded our expectations and as you've probably heard by now, we would like to order another one just like it, built by aaron, of course. garry was such a charming and informative man, very personable and extremely nice, given he travels so much! we would like to see him deliver our second hutch as well. both you and mimi were always helpful whenever we had a question or a concern and we are sure we will be doing business with you for a long time to come. looking forward to hearing from you soon. russ k. pa , 3/27/2008 thanks for your help. fyi-- we are enjoying the cherry stowleaf table we ordered for the breakfast nook. diane c. wv , 2/13/2008 this customer bought:farmhouse stowleaf draw extension dining room table hi linse, the wood bookcase i received came out really nice! thanks. bob bob co , 12/14/2007 this customer bought:bookcase with doors - choose shaker, mission or country style dear linse, i called and missed you this afternoon, so i’ll leave this e-mail. i would still like to talk to you, however. i spoke with katie earlier in the day. we took delivery of our queen anne dining room table and chairs, and matching writing desk yesterday. i took off work for the afternoon to meet gary, so it was all in place when my wife walked in after work, about 5:00 pm. she was thrilled, as i knew she would be. i spent most of the late afternoon looking at it, under it, looking at the detail on the drawers, the table latches, fit, finish, color, and so on. it is a remarkable level of quality, as you promised. and the color and fabric, which you helped us select, are perfect, and they match well with our other things, rug, etc. please pass along our good will to the shops involved. they have done some very fine work, and we could not be happier. the high level of craftsmanship is obvious. (i looked at the drawers, for example. not only are they dovetailed, but the rear of the drawer is “stop dovetailed” so you don’t see the pins on the back of the drawer. what a cool quality touch!) as a woodworker myself, though a mere amateur, i am impressed. also be sure to recognize your carrier, gary, for doing such a great job preserving the pieces in transit, and delivering them safely to our home. his communication was excellent, and set-up went fine, as you have come to expect, i’m sure. i will request him next time i see you for furniture. you know, altogether, the biggest problem we had doing business was my e-mail thinking your messages were spam. once i fixed that, the rest has all been easy! that says a lot. it has been great to do business with jmx. good luck, paul b. indiana , 11/27/2007 this customer bought:queen anne dining room tablelancaster queen anne dining chair kate - thanks to you, linse and especially the hardworking guys in the shop for your efforts. cheryl and i are couldn't be happier with the furniture; it is absolutely perfect. just as important was the pleasure dealing with everyone. gary and andy made our day with their timely, professional and cheerful delivery and placement of the furniture. please pass on our thanks all involved and happy thanksgiving to all! paul c. pa , 11/21/2007 this customer bought:woodland mission bar stooldesign your own rectangular dining room tablecraftsman mission three drawer night standdeluxe craftsman mission chest of drawerscraftsman mission triple dressersaddle barstool with leather seat he loves, loves, loves the bookcases! he smiles everytime he walks into his office! thanks! marisa w. fl , 11/3/2007 this customer bought:deluxe bookcase with raised panel sides 3 piece set got the stereo cabinet today. looks great! the quality of the wood and workmanship matches our 100-year old house. thank you so much to everyone. tracy n. mn , 10/31/2007 this customer bought:mission style stereo cabinet unit our polywood porch rockers are beautiful! we love them! they arrived in great condition! donna b. fl , 10/22/2007 this customer bought:polywood outdoor rocking chair dear jmx, i am writing as a very satisfied customer. this past summer i found your website and was drawn to an image of a beautiful mission style executive desk. my husband and i have been looking for a special desk for some time now and i was grateful for the very pleasant and efficient customer service your company provided. i especially want to compliment your contractor who delivered the furniture. gary was nothing short of amazing. he responded to my phone messages immediately, worked hard to match our schedule for a convenient delivery time, and was always pleasant and gracious, and delivered the desk in perfect condition. his assistant gilbert also was very kind and helpful. working with them made the entire experience of purchasing this piece of furniture even more positive. having had multiple disappointments with delivery companies, i was deeply grateful to have such a positive encounter and urge you to continue to using his services. the desk is a work of art. its beautiful construction and lovely cherry shade brings us daily joy. please convey my deep gratitude to the woodworker for his work and let him know that i will treasure this desk always. thank you again for providing us with excellent customer service and a beautiful piece of solid wood furniture. kind regards. susan b. dc , 10/15/2007 this customer bought:mission craftsman flat top executive desk here is the final project. the people i had refinish my father's library table did a great job of matching everything, a non-trivial task considering the chair was new, unfinished wood and the table was over 80 years old. thanks! steve h. ia , 8/20/2007 the pedestal dining table has arrived and it is beautiful. thank you. dan harvey dan h. ny , 8/9/2007 this customer bought:monroe dropleaf pedestal dining room table my new england windsor bench arrived today and it is beautiful! i just wanted to thank everyone involved, from the craftsman, those who handled the order to the people who delivered the bench. everyone has been terrific. rima r. ny , 8/7/2007 this customer bought:continuous arm new england windsor bench i received my four solid oak windsor chairs and the clipped corner oak pedestal table today. they are wonderful. i am especially pleased that they fit so well in my small kitchen, yet the table expands easily for card nights with my friends or dinner when my family comes over. i am glad that i spent a little more money for solid wood, as this pedestal table and chairs will surely last a lifetime. thank you for sending me the stain samples and helping me to make decisions about the set. i am very satisfied and feel i made the right decision. please pass along my thanks to the amish men that made it and to the driver, frank, who was very helpful. i will recommend dutchcrafters.com to my friends! darlene s. in , 8/2/2007 this customer bought:new england windsor dining room chairclipped corner pedestal dining table we here at the 577 foundation very much enjoy the daisy tables and chairs. also the gliders. it is such a well built product, great workmanship. the service from jmx out of florida was very helpful. we tell everyone where we got the polywood patio furniture. thank you very much! mary m. ohio , 7/27/2007 this customer bought:polywood garden mission dining chair48" mission polywood outdoor dining tablepolywood comfo-back double gliderpolywood comfo-back deck chairpolywood oblong end table thanks for all your help, kristina! i've looked at benches for almost a year, even at a couple of amish places around where i live and haven't really found anything that i liked as much as this one. i just have to tell you that your high level of customer service has made me feel so much more comfortable ordering something like this online. thanks again! stacy d. ne , 7/26/2007 this customer bought:small storage bench i purchased two of the plank farm tables for our design showroom here in nyc and they are beautiful. the workmanship is superb and i want one for my own home now! thank you for all your help. debbie b. new york , 7/25/2007 this customer bought:reclaimed old wood plank farm table with breadboard ends dear linse, i got my breakfast nook set yesterday and it is all set up and it is so beautiful!!! thanks so much and i will recommend your company to other folks as well as continue to be a customer. thank you very much, katy katherine c. wy , 7/13/2007 this customer bought:trestle table corner breakfast nook set i absolutely love my shaker hutch. it is perfect in all respects - size, color, and especially workmanship. it changes the whole look of my room and it is beautiful. i had lots of company over the past week and every single person becomes awestruck when they see it. it was a great investment and i thank you so much for all of your assistance with me. victoria p. md , 7/3/2007 this customer bought:77" shaker four door hutch my west quoddy lighthouse looks great in the yard. patrick watson mi. patrick w. mi , 6/30/2007 this customer bought:west quoddy head wooden lighthouse model subject: in praise of the furniture dear linse, kate, and everyone at jmx: just this past week we received our bedroom furniture- it was not as it was described to be- it was much more beautiful and gorgeous than we expected! we want to thank you a thousand times over for your very helpful customer service, for always replying to us quickly, and for the great bedroom furniture. we requested a custom-made bed which was built only from a picture- and it's better than the picture we sent! we also requested a lot of little customizations to be made to our furniture- all of which was done for us. please thank the builder for us, he did a fantastic job. we also requested the in-house delivery service from gary. he was on time, courteous, and, even though he had another delivery to be made that night, helped assemble our bed for us- we were extremely pleased with his service and highly recommend him. a very-sincere thank you from a satisfied customer- be assured we will recommend jmx to all our friends and family! ed d. nj , 6/16/2007 this customer bought:shaker night standshaker master dressershaker master chest of drawers hi from kentucky. my order was placed on feb. 1, 2007 and though it took a really long time to have it delivered, i was thrilled with the craftsmanship of my corner hutch. the quality and craftsmanship of my hutch was more than i could have hoped for. my husband was a shop teacher in high school and he was in awe of the quality and perfection of the piece! wendy b. ky , 6/15/2007 this customer bought:full door corner hutch cabinet hello linse, our beautiful cherry bed (village inn collection, # 2813) and village inn lingerie chest have arrived. also, the white "chimney cabinet". i have passed your website to a neighbor who helped to get these pieces from the delivery truck into our home. let me say that we are supremely pleased with the bed and lingerie cabinet. i would ask you to pass words of our delight to the craftsman who made these lovely pieces. we are so very pleased he agreed to make the panel headboard and footboard without the slats. our select comfort bed does indeed fit easily into the bed frame (while still sitting on the metal frame on which it has always rested.) we are also pleased with the white chimney cabinet! thank you very much. charla m. ks , 6/4/2007 this customer bought:chimney cabinet with hand painted design optioncraftsman american mission bedcraftsman mission lingerie chest hi linse: just wanted to thank you and katie... katie got right back to us and was able to find us a great deal for the in-house delivery. we continue to experience great service from all of you and highly recommend you to all our friends! here are the pictures at long last! again, we love the shaker bedroom furniture and look forward to using it for many years to come! gratefully, ed and daria ed d. nj , 5/27/2007 this customer bought:shaker night standshaker master dresserpanel bedshaker master chest of drawers i can't tell you how amazed i am at the quality of my new dining room furniture. the pictures online can't do it justice! absolutely beautiful furniture! gary and his 2 man crew were incredible...kept me updated and arrived early no less. they did a fantastic job of bringing the table and chairs in and setting it all up. they definitely are the best in the business. can't go wrong with this company as they are everything they advertise and more. i will definitely be ordering more next year to finish out my home. these furniture pieces are heirloom quality. thank you so very much for the beautiful furniture. jody s. il , 5/7/2007 this customer bought:concord dining room tablecountry dining chair my microwave hutch came today and it is absolutely beautiful, more than i anticipated. thank you so much! janet g. ny , 4/27/2007 this customer bought:pine hoosier hutch hi, we got our pie safe and absolutely love it. it's perfect and came in perfect condition!!! excellent furniture!! thanks again, vicki c. or , 4/18/2007 i just love my new pine pie safe. it's the cutest little piece! pass along my compliments to the woodworkers! diane p. nc , 4/9/2007 this customer bought:pie safe with tin doors hello linse, we finally got the entertainment center and they say good things are indeed worth waiting for. this is absolutely gorgeous. it's a good thing the crafters had the forethought to make it a two piece unit in order to get it in the house. but, i managed to remove all the doors, drawers, tv swivel, and vcr shelf and my wife an i managed to get it in here. we just looked and looked and simply could not find anything like this locally. beautiful piece, linse [please forward thanks to the crafter!] garth m. kansas , 4/4/2007 linse - the roll top desk is beautiful. thanks! michael r. il , 3/21/2007 dear linse, i have spent all morning cleaning the dining room to prepare for the dining room chairs. i was not disappointed. they are the most beautiful thing i have ever owned in my entire life! i appreciate your wonderful customer service and, as promised, i have attached some pictures. they stain you helped me pick really matches the cherry table almost perfectly. and doesn't the red hue of the stain go so wonderfully with my red walls? thanks again and now we just have to save up to get a matching hutch. :) best regards, claudia p. md , 3/20/2007 this customer bought:shaker ladder back dining chair hi, we received our dining room furniture set and we love it. it is beautiful. thank you for your help. gary d. ct , 3/16/2007 this customer bought:shaker dining room chaircarlisle dining room table linse: today i received the pine bench i purchased and was so surprised at how quickly it arrived. i absolutely love it and can't wait to begin my stencil design on it. i will keep you in mind for my future purchases and thank you for such fine craftsmanship. my very best regards, maddy w. ny , 2/2/2007 i bought a single pedestal table from them in august 2004 but wasn't sure of the color stain i wanted . i called and talked to linse miller and she sent me some samples to choose the stain from. the fruitwood matched perfect and when i got the pedestal table it was gorgeous. i am very pleased and will order again. deborah b. ms , 1/31/2007 this customer bought:48" round pedestal dining table received our dining room table on saturday. it is better than i expected. we are very pleased with the quality, finish and stain. thank you! bernard a. ks , 1/30/2007 this customer bought:design your own rectangular dining room table hi, linse. i wanted you to know that i just received my pennsylvania amish made solid cherry queen anne writing desk and it's gorgeous!! i've placed it in front of my bedroom window where the wood shows so beautifully. it matches my bedroom furniture, enhancing the loveliness of my room. i'll enjoy using my laptop computer there and writing letters. the 51 inch length and the depth are perfect, giving me plenty of room. i can put my printer/scanner/copier on one corner if i choose. the style is elegant, the workmanship is perfect; it's timeless. this piece will outlast my lifetime. it's a joy knowing i'll pass it on in my family after enjoying it for many years. i'm so happy with my investment in this detailed and finely crafted piece of furniture; perfect for a lady. it was all assembled and ready to carry into my room. i look forward to doing business with jmx for the future purchase of other amish made furniture pieces i've admired and feel confident in the quality and workmanship and superb pieces of wood being used as well as a beautiful finish. thanks for a great buying experience! debye georgia , 1/28/2007 i received the corner hutch i ordered on saturday, jan 20th. the quality and service was beyond my expectations. the craftsmanship is superb, the stain matched the sample you provided perfectly. i was apprehensive about ordering online, but the service i received from the time i ordered to delivery was excellent. my salesperson lindsay was extremely helpful. the delivery person gary kept me informed about the estimated time of delivery, showed up on time, was courteous and friendly and took much pride in the furniture he was delivering. he also provided me information about the craftsman who built the hutch. i appreciate this kind of quality and service and would definitely recommend your company and consider doing business with you in the future. cynthia s. il , 1/22/2007 this customer bought:shaker 42" one door corner hutch i just purchased the assateague lighthouse, 3'. when i rec'd it i was highly impressed with the quality and craftsmanship. the lighthouse is beautiful! thanks. char t. de , 1/12/2007 this customer bought:assateague wooden lighthouse model i am sending this letter in regards to the shaker dining room table i purchased and received december 27, 2006. the table is beautiful! the craftsmanship is excellent and i have already recommended your company to others. amy j. wa , 1/9/2007 this customer bought:lexington dining room table linse, just wanted to let you know i got my chairs and absolutely love them! they are so beautiful and very very comfortable. please thank the man who made them. we have already so enjoyed them. thank you, paige paige c. tn , 1/8/2007 i love my new ash glider. happy new year! god bless. lolita m. az , 1/1/2007 this customer bought:arch back glider in ash wood i absolutely love my microwave hutch!! i searched and searched for the piece i wanted in my kitchen and when i saw the hutch i had to have it! i purchased the blue and yellow hutch with tole painted doors-it is beautiful,high quality and it is my favorite piece of furniture. everyone who comes into my home raves about it. we had it shipped to our home and the truck driver helped us uncrate/unpack our furniture. it arrived without a scratch. this is a piece of fine craftsmanship that will be passed down to my children. thank you! rhonda c. ga , 12/29/2006 this customer bought:pine hoosier hutch i recently had cherry wood dining chairs delivered in hawthorne, ny by garry blevins. i wanted to make sure you knew how lucky you are to have someone like him working on behalf or your organization. he was an absolute pleasure to talk to and deal with. amanda p. ny , 12/22/2006 this customer bought:colonial birdcage windsor cherry wood chair hi, jim! wow!! we just finished putting the day bed together and it is absolutely gorgeous. the workmanship far exceeds any other day bed that i've seen. i couldn't be happier!! yellow freight brought the bed yesterday. it had been packaged very well and arrived in perfect condition. please pass along my deepest appreciation to the woodcraftsman for his impeccable work. it's a family treasure now!! carol c. ok , 12/21/2006 this customer bought:spindle day bed hi linse: we received our mission bookcases and they are wonderful. they look like they've been part of the room since its inception. please pass my compliments to the builder. again thank you so much and since you will get this e-mail after christmas day i hope you had a merry day. lynn r. ca , 12/21/2006 this customer bought:double door small mission bookcase linse, thanks very much for the soap. we are very happy with the ladder back chairs that arrived last friday. garry blevens could not have been nicer. it was great that he gave me an exact time for delivery. that can be very hard to do up in nh! thank you for everything. the experience with you and jmx was great. you were very helpful and great at following up on things. if i have an opportunity to recommend jmx i certainly will. when you order things sight unseen it can be hard, but it worked out great. have a merry christmas! elizabeth m. nh , 12/19/2006 this customer bought:shaker ladder back dining chair the hoosier hutch showed up today. we absolutely love it. it was a complete pleasure doing business with you. have a happy holiday and thank you once again. -the glynn’s kevin g. ny , 12/18/2006 this customer bought:pine hoosier hutch 49" dear jmx, i just received the 6 dining room chairs i ordered. i absolutely love them! i'm going to tell all my friends about you. thank you and merry christmas! gina g. sc , 12/8/2006 this customer bought:fiddle back windsor dining room chair my wife received her swivel glider rocker yesterday. she was ecstatic! thanks for your prompt attention in getting it to her before christmas. i had no idea you would be able to get it to us so quickly. we like the fine craftsmanship and comfort of the chair and matching ottoman. it was everything we expected and more. it is a beautiful addition to our home. your delivery man was especially helpful and courteous in getting the glider in the house and into the den. we greatly appreciated his attention to making this delivery. thanks again charles h. sc , 12/8/2006 this customer bought:four-post gliding swivel rocker with optional ottoman my wife received her swivel glider rocker yesterday. she was ecstatic! thanks for your prompt attention in getting it to her before christmas. i had no idea you would be able to get it to us so quickly. we like the fine craftsmanship and comfort of the chair and matching ottoman. it was everything we expected and more. it is a beautiful addition to our home. your delivery man was especially helpful and courteous in getting it in the house and into the den. we greatly appreciated his attention to making this delivery. thanks again! charles and helen looney charles h. sc , 12/7/2006 this customer bought:four-post gliding swivel rocker with optional ottoman i ordered an amish mission magazine end table earlier this month and received it today. i was amazed at the finished product. you can't buy quality furniture like this in a local furniture store. i know, because i looked. it was packed better than expected without any damage. i've ordered furniture online before and it was never packed this well. i will be ordering more furniture from you in the future and look forward to receiving my curio cabinet and dvd/vcr cabinet soon. robert d. tx , 11/28/2006 this customer bought:american mission magazine rack end tablelarge sliding door picture frame curio cabinet i just received a stunningly beautiful amish cherry dining table and 8 chairs! yes, i am overwhelmed! simply beautiful workmanship, just top of the line from top to bottom, and i love the feel of the cherry wood. it looks great in the dining room, but unfortunately i am still in the 20th century and do not have a digital camera, so i can't send pix. thanks for all your help. you have a good company there. elana r. wa , 11/28/2006 this customer bought:lancaster queen anne dining chairoval queen anne dining room table just received my table and french country chairs today. they way surpass my expectations. delivery man garry was friendly, courteous, and went out of his way to be helpful. i saw similar sets at a local amish distributer for almost twice the price. an online shopping success story from start to finish. great service from linse and garry. send my regards to samuel the craftsman whose workmanship is so evident in this dining room furniture. d. p. tx , 11/20/2006 this customer bought:french country ladder back dining room chairdesign your own rectangular dining room table if you are tired of spending money on poor quality furniture, this is your place to shop! we just received our tv stand and end tables and are thrilled with the quality! our craftsman, samuel did an excellent job! it you cannot afford cherry wood, get it anyway! unbelievably beautiful. sharon d. nj , 11/18/2006 this customer bought:arts and crafts plant stand choose from three sizesamerican mission chair side end tableamerican mission large end table linse, thank you for all of your help. the reproduction chairs look great and ashlen modified them just as we requested. i will send you a photograph as soon as our dining room is completed. thanks again! gwen s. nj , 11/10/2006 my husband and i struggled with finding a dining table and chairs...everything at the regular stores we went to (pottery barn, crate & barrel, store house, etc) all had beautiful furniture but high priced and not even solid wood! it was my husband's idea to try the amish and we find the dutchcrafter's website. we found a table we liked and decided to place an order - we couldn't be happier! next is bedroom furniture and we will definitely be ordering from you again! great experience, perfect furniture - and everyone was a pleasure to deal with. we have told so many of our friends what a great experience (and what a great deal!) we had! thanks again!! lisa h. vt , 11/2/2006 first, thank you so much for the windsor chairs. they are wonderful, beautiful, sturdy, of the period and comfortable. we look forward to many years of good use. second, i so apologize for this late thank you. i had requested a rush order as my husband and i were getting married. the chairs were received in plenty of time. the chairs looked wonderful with the table that my husband built. everything was fabulous and we so appreciate everything that you did to help make it that way. sometime next spring we look forward to expanding our b&b and ordering four more chairs. i will keep your website bookmarked. thank you again for all of your help in matching wood stains and the expedited manufacturing and delivery. sheryl m. fl , 10/31/2006 this customer bought:bow-back windsor chair joan had a slight problem with the finish on her saddle bar stools. we sent our shipper back to pick them up for her, and she writes... garry blevins has just picked up our collection of stools. he is a great asset to your outfit - polite, timely and thoughtful! if it is at all possible, we'd appreciated him delivering our revamped stools. later, joan writes... just a quick note to say stools arrived via garry last week, and we have been enjoying them ever since. they are lovely, and thank you (and garry) so much for the speedy turn around time. we'll be sure and deal with you people again. the true test of a company is how they can correct those inevitable errors that do happen. joan r. ct , 10/25/2006 this customer bought:saddle barstool with leather seat hi linse, we received our dining room furniture, and we love it! thanks for all your help! maryanne m. nj , 10/24/2006 this customer bought:one door corner hutch shaker ladder back dining chair i just wanted to let you know that we received our table, chairs and benches last week and they are beautiful!! thanks, mary beck mary b. in , 10/17/2006 this customer bought:rectangular dining table shaker dining room chairflat bench dear jmx, my sister and i ordered a custom lighthouse, without realizing that it may take 4 to 6 wks for delivery. i called to ask if i could pay for a quick delivery as this was a gift for my mom and dad's silver anniversary. the rep from your company said he would try to get it shipped faster. my custom light house arrived within two weeks and was here two days before our parents anniversary. it is beautiful, it is more then we expected. our parents will love it. we thank you so much for the rush delivery and we thank you for such a quality built lighthouse. it is perfect and it is everything and more then the description. thank you so very much, teresa and deb. teresa b. md , 10/15/2006 linse, thank you so much for working things out so well with our transaction! and, please thank your manager for us and let him know how much we appreciate his/your willingness to work with us too. we love the corner hutch. again, many thanks... mary beth mary b. mn , 10/3/2006 this customer bought:queen anne corner hutch linse....just wanted to let you know i received my post bed and dresser on friday and it is absolutely beautiful! i am so thrilled with it and the way it's made. it was definitely worth the wait. also the service i received from all of you at jmx was wonderful. derek from shipping and another guy i spoke with were very helpful and friendly. last but not least i have to say that the truck driver gary was exceptional...called me several times to keep me informed, re-arranged his schedule to coincide with mine and arrived to the minute of when he said he would, helped us bring it in....and he even offered to give me a lift to the garage where my car was being serviced!!! thanks again! margaret s. ny , 9/18/2006 this customer bought:windsor post bed with optional canopy i love my table by samuel. i truly get a kick out of the fact that i know who made it. i can't wait for my mom (the sarasotan) to see it….just in case she wants a new table. i'm also going to recommend you to my sister-in-law in chicago. she's had her table since she got married 13 years ago and might be in the market for a new one. lynne d. nc , 9/18/2006 this customer bought:round reeded pedestal dining room table it is important to me that i express my appreciation for the professional, informative, quality and service i received in my order for a dining room table and chairs. words can not express the perfection of this solid wood furniture in my home. daina was my first contact, but i was able to order on-line easily without assistance once she answered my questions. derek assisted me by phone on the completion date of my order. the delivery driver (garry) was exceptional. he apologized for being 5 minutes early, he prides himself (rightly so) on communicating his arrival time. sidney is the master craftsman who built our dining room furniture and his title is well deserved. thank you to all who participated in this order. this company and its affiliates will receive all my future needs and be highly referenced to others. mary c. nc , 9/6/2006 this customer bought:36", 42" or 44" round pedestal dining tablecolonial arrow back dining room chair hi linse, our dining table arrived and we are very happy with it. the color works quite well. thanks so much for your excellent customer service. blessings, bill bill w. minneapolis , 8/30/2006 this customer bought:design your own rectangular dining room table hi linse, just wanted to let you know my windsor chairs arrived and i love them! the delivery person was great; he even took the big boxes for me. thanks so much for your help. they were more beautiful than the pictures and the finish is wonderful. i highly recommend your american classic reproductions collection for anyone looking to purchase authentic looking windsor chairs. here are the pics of the chairs in my house. aren't they pretty?! nicki nicki co , 8/29/2006 i am so thrilled with my dining room furniture! thank you for so much for your attention to detail! the service has been wonderful. i am amazed at the quality. you can't find heirloom furniture like this anymore! damian ca , 8/16/2006 this customer bought:portland dining room chairmission side boardfarmhouse stowleaf draw extension dining room table i would like to thank you and the team at jmx. in september 2005, my family moved to a home. i began looking at dining room furniture that i could purchase for our home. we spent many weekends visiting stores within a 25 radius of home in a small village in hertfordshire. the quality of british and european furniture left me concerned with how long the items would last in a very busy household, who all sit and eat together daily. i came across the jmxco web site while looking for a lighthouse for my son’s bedroom. as i have always admired amish style durability and ageless designs, i thought that i could approach your company to find out the possibility of having furniture made in america and shipped to me in england. my first contact with linse was very hopeful, who confirmed that this could be done. carolyn spent several months helping me understand what an extension, skirt and apron were. she was so patient with me, when things were not making any sense at all. often times we would email each other up to three times a day. our dining table chairs, lighthouse bookcase and lighthouse clock arrived last week- 20th july 2006. the workmanship and the eye for detail are second to none. i now understand what the extensions are--my extended family can all sit around the table without having to use the patio table at the end of the table to fit everyone around. the lighthouse bookcase did not make it into my son’s room; it now has pride of place at the top of the stairs. my family would now like to rename our house “the lighthouse.” we can whole heartily recommend jmx to any of our friends and family. we are now looking at purchasing other furniture for our home, i am sure that this new found relationship that i have with your company will continue for many or years to come. junice s. uk , 7/26/2006 this customer bought:malibu dining chairlexington dining room table i just picked up my nantucket dining chairs yesterday and i wanted you to know how happy i am with them. they are exactly what i wanted and turned out beautifully. thanks again. barbara d. ny , 7/20/2006 this customer bought:nantucket fanback windsor dining chair received my corner hutch today. i was grateful that is was so well-packed. the hutch is very nice-looking and looks very well made. i am very satisfied with my purchase experience. thanks! walter b. fl , 6/15/2006 this customer bought:primitive pine corner kitchen hutch with open top the photos of your furniture are great depiction of what your buying, in-person i was amazed in the quality of wood and workmanship. i bought the cherry wood breakfast nook, i'm so happy! thank you! it's gorgeous! samuel v. fl , 6/4/2006 this customer bought:trestle table corner breakfast nook set thank you for the wonderful service and the beautiful polywood patio furniture! we put it out on the deck beside our pond in the back yard. it is now our perfect little eco-retreat. laura especially loves the rocker. we're happy we went with the polywood rather than wood. it's very heavy and sturdy. thanks again! randy s. fl , 5/24/2006 this customer bought:polywood folding adirondack chairpolywood outdoor rocking chair recently, trying to find the perfect gift for our daughter’s 40th birthday, we happened across your website through a google search for “new england windsor bench”. long a fan of shaker and amish craftsmanship, we placed an order, and were very happily surprised by the professionalism and follow-through displayed at every step of our transaction by your sales representative, daina crafa. ms. crafa exhibited a level of genuine concern and knowledge of her product line that is sadly rare these days. our daughter was thrilled when she received her bench. we were thrilled at the extra effort that got it delivered ahead of time, both from ms. crafa and the delivery trucker, a mr. garry blevins. all together, it was a very satisfying and enjoyable transaction. we look forward to doing business again with jmx companies. thank you for doing such a good job in selecting and training your staff. richard s. ny , 5/18/2006 this customer bought:continuous arm new england windsor bench mission dvd rack arrived safely last friday, fast delivery indeed. my wife and i are pleased, the piece is handsome and very good value. thanks for making this a pleasant experience. bill m. ny , 4/18/2006 this customer bought:arts and crafts dvd or cd media bookcase thank you very much for your wonderful customer service. it makes us feel great about buying from your company! we love our new mission dining chairs, the flat bench and the farm table. thanks! nicole m. ut , 4/17/2006 this customer bought:craftsman mission dining chairflat benchreclaimed old wood plank farm table with breadboard ends i wanted to take just a moment to thank you for your fantastic customer assistance. i have made many purchases online, but never one so expensive and i was very nervous. you and your co-workers at jmx put my mind at ease and made the whole experience a pleasure. from my first call to customer support with questions about the trestle table to the gentleman that delivered the furniture, i was always treated with the utmost professionalism and courtesy. the mere fact that your team returned phone calls in such a short time frame was fantastic and much appreciated. i have told many friends about my experience with your company and recommended your products. my family loves our new kitchen table and chairs as does everyone who comes to visit. again, thank you for making this a wonderful experience and i will be shopping with you again in the future. becky pa , 4/4/2006 this customer bought:trestle table corner breakfast nook set i received my buffet baker's rack on sat. mar. 25, 2006. i was completely thrilled and satisfied with the wood quality and the superb workmanship of the furniture. thank you linse and carolyn for the excellent care-free service. also, thank you to your driver gary. he kept me posted all the way and he was very accommodating. i will surely recommend jmx to my friends. jenny r. ny , 3/28/2006 this customer bought:heirloom buffet with bakers rack we are very happy with our new gazebo bird feeder and so are the birds! wendy l. wa , 3/17/2006 this customer bought:wooden painted gazebo bird feeder i just received my 4 queen anne chairs and met your wonderful delivery man as well. i heard that the chairs were upholstered as the delivery was taking place. thank you for being so accommodating and great to work with. the chairs look beautiful! thank you, thank you. margaret q. md , 3/10/2006 this customer bought:queen anne dining room chair my dining room table and chairs were delivered on friday, february 23, and they are unspeakably gorgeous, way beyond beautiful. also, the delivery service was, as you promised, superb. yohma g. il , 2/26/2006 this customer bought:american mission curved back dining chairyorkshire double pedestal dining room table thank you so much for all your help, dutchcrafters. it has been a pleasure. i wanted you to know that the man who made the china hutch, did indeed make the opening an extra inch higher for me. i am very, very happy, with this hutch and i would order from you again with no hesitation. thank you again for all of your help. tami d. ca , 12/27/2005 this customer bought:pine wood farmhouse hutch my husband and i recently purchased a french country bedroom set from the homestead collection for our christmas gift to ourselves. we selected cherry wood furniture with an autumn wheat finish. as a sales associate at jmx, i help people in their decision-making process every day. but as a customer, i could certainly empathize with all the things to consider when making a purchase! we were absolutely thrilled when our bedroom furniture finally arrived. it is gorgeous, and i admire it every single day! linse m. fl , 12/25/2005 i recently purchased a pine desk from you and it arrived yesterday. i just wanted to write to tell you how thrilled i am with the desk. it is just beautiful. the workmanship is top quality and i just love the hand-painted apples. this desk is even better than i anticipated. i will definitely order from jmx again and will recommend you to my family and friends. thank you so much! lisa b. fl , 11/23/2005 when one of our dining room chairs broke, we decided to replace it with a 4’ flat bench from the east earl collection. we went with cherry wood and a natural finish. we are so very happy with our decision. the bench is beautiful and provides a stylish and space-saving solution to our dining room. we have four children and they all prefer the bench over our dining room chairs! alan l. fl , 11/21/2005 this customer bought:flat bench i received my jelly cabinet today, and it is so beautiful. i am more than pleased with it, and was quite impressed by the packaging. there was so much plastic and bubble wrap, the finish on the cupboard is in perfect condition. i'm glad i shopped with you and will be back. christine p. ma , 10/26/2005 this customer bought:kitchen furniture jelly cabinet with drawer hello...not sure if you remember me or not....i purchased the amish hutch and also a mailbox...i wanted to let you know they are beautiful!!! i love both very very much and receive so many compliments!!! thank you so much. i will be ordering more furniture shortly....again....thank you! melissa w. fl , 10/20/2005 this customer bought:wooden mailbox with copper roof my black highchair arrived and is just what i wanted...thank you so much and congratulations on having such a well made piece of furniture. maury a. ct , 10/8/2005 this customer bought:american made bow back high chair thank you! thank you! thank you!! i so appreciate your help with my order of the glider bench. so often i find that i don't even get responses to e-mail's sent to online vendors. thank you so much for your fantastic service! i'll definitely recommend your website to my friends and family. beth v. ct , 9/9/2005 this customer bought:pine wood curve back outdoor glider bench we have received the copper roof mailbox and it is gorgeous. laura k. ny , 7/11/2005 this customer bought:wooden mailbox with copper roof thank you! i just received my speedy delivery barn star and couldn't be happier!!!! lisa d. mi , 6/28/2005 this customer bought:40" painted barn star choose your colors received my barn star yesterday---and love it!!! thanks!!! jane i. ny , 6/28/2005 we received the delivery of our beautiful cherry farmhouse table (with shaker chairs) over the weekend. thank you for such beautifully crafted furniture. your driver was wonderful. he kept in touch to let us know exactly when he would be coming and everything went smoothly. it will be wonderful to have the farmhouse table for my daughter's 1st first communion party. i would certainly recommend your company to my friends and hope to order future furniture from you. annmarie a. ny , 5/2/2005 this customer bought:farmhouse rectangular dining room table yesterday, 05 march, we received the mission desk chair via fedex. for starters, i was very impressed with the way the desk chair was professionally wrapped and packed within the carton. everything was showroom perfect, with not a scratch on any of the oak. the quality of the workmanship, the hardware and swivel mechanism, and the golden oak finish are the best i've ever seen. max g. va , 3/6/2005 this customer bought:mission desk chair i love the new england windsor armchair i purchased. it’s in the front entrance of my home and it looks great. paul d. ny , 2/15/2005 this customer bought:new england windsor dining room chair i wanted to take the time to thank you so much for the careful packaging and the absolutely beautiful and sturdy workmanship on the lighthouse chess table. it is truly fabulous; well worth the wait :) the handcrafted pieces are extraordinary!! everyone who has seen it has commented on how neat it is. my daughter even said, "that's pretty cool". thanks again. i love it!!!! lenora m. oh , 1/19/2005 we received our hoosier hutch today…. we are absolutely thrilled with our cabinet. it is beautiful in looks and workmanship. thank you and jim for your help in making out shopping with jmx a pleasure. karen g. ny , 12/3/2004 this customer bought:pine hoosier hutch 49" received the pine corner cabinet i purchased on sept 11th today and just wanted to let you know how lovely it is. it arrived 3 weeks to the day that i ordered it, which is the delivery date you gave me. great customer service! thanks so much for your help. valaree w. nc , 10/2/2004 this customer bought:farmhouse corner hutch in pine wood i received the secretary desk last week...and i just want to say it has been a rare occurrence in my life that something ordered exceeds my expectations, but this secretary desk is fabulous...really a finely crafted piece of functional furniture...thank you so much...please forward this letter to whomever would appreciate receiving the appreciation...thanx again. donna l. fl , 8/7/2004 this customer bought:vintage secretary desk just wanted to let you know, the pedestal table arrived last night and it is beautiful, i just love it and i also love my nightstand!! they are just works of art. judy s. ca , 6/14/2004 kitchen & diningamish bar stoolsamish barsamish benchesamish breakfast nooksamish corner hutchesamish cupboards & cabinetsamish dining room chairsamish dining room tablesamish dry sinksamish hutchesamish jelly cabinetsamish kitchen islandsamish kitchen step stoolsamish microwave standsamish pie safesamish pub tablesamish sideboardsamish trash binsamish wine cabinetsserving cartsunfinished dining table partswine racksamish kitchen accessories living & entertainingamish accent tablesamish cd and dvd cabinetsamish curio cabinetsamish entertainment centersamish fireplacesamish game tablesamish gun cabinetsamish lounge chairsamish magazine racksamish ottomans & footstoolsamish rockers and glidersamish sofa serversamish sofasamish stereo cabinetsamish tv standsloveseatspool tables and billiards bedroomamish armoiresamish bed stepsamish bedroom setsamish bedsamish chestsamish dressersamish floor mirrorsamish mirrorsamish night standsamish vanities officeamish bookcasesamish computer armoiresamish conference tablesamish credenzasamish desk chairsamish desksamish filing cabinetsamish letter holdersamish podiums & lecterns outdooramish outdoor accent tablesamish outdoor bar stoolsamish outdoor barsamish outdoor benchesamish outdoor chairsamish outdoor chaise loungesamish outdoor dining tablesamish outdoor furniture setsamish outdoor glidersamish outdoor loveseats and sofasamish outdoor picnic tablesamish outdoor porch rockersamish outdoor pub tablesamish outdoor setteesamish outdoors kids furnitureamish swingsoutdoor ottomansamish outdoor decoramish outdoor structures childrenamish kids bedroom furnitureamish kids playroom furnitureamish toys & games decoramish art and framingamish baskets & cratesamish calendars & framesamish hand-woven rugsamish mantle clocksamish shelvesamish wall clocksamish wooden canes & walking sticksamish lighting fixturesamish quilts and quilt racks foyeramish coat hangersamish coat racksamish grandfather clocksamish hall tablesamish key cabinetsfoyer benches & hall trees bathamish bathroom accessoriesamish bathroom vanitiesamish medicine cabinetsamish made soaps petsamish made bird suppliesamish made cat suppliesamish made chicken coopsamish made dog suppliesamish made hunting blindsamish made rabbit pens furniture carefinishes, oils, paints & polish sale our company general information privacy & security terms & conditions business customer profiles resources blog amish furniture caring for your wood furniture sitemap | product a to z office: 941-377-5112 toll free: 1-866-272-6773 email:questions@dutchcrafters.com 1877 porter lake drive, sarasota, fl 34240, u.s.a. © copyrights 2003 - 2014 dutchcrafters all rights reserved. the dutchcrafters difference why buy from dutchcrafters? dutchcrafters is a name you can trust.  rated a+ by the better business bureau, we've earned our reputation the old-fashioned way - by providing the best products and service to our customers since 2003.30% down!  get your order started with only a 30% deposit, and pay the balance once your furniture actually ships!call us!  that's right, we answer the phone and are actually glad for your call (unlike a few of our competitors)!  our furniture specialists are friendly, helpful, knowledgeable and will go out of their way to accommodate special requests.  just read our testimonials and you'll get the idea.free stain samples.  it may seem like a detail, but we know how important it is to get it right - especially in finishing.  upon your order, we'll send you out free stain samples on the wood of your choice.1% check discount!  who doesn't like an extra 1% off?  pay us the old-fashioned way, and we'll give you the processing fees that we would have otherwise paid to the bank.  at checkout, choose the pay by check option and we'll give you further instructions on how to send it.made in america!  all of the furniture at dutchcrafters is made in america.  when you buy dutchcrafters furniture, you support american jobs and keep your ecological footprint small.amish craftsmanship.  since 2003, we've combed the country roads of amish country, seeking out the perfect furniture.  we stand behind the quality of our wood shops and are confident that you'll appreciate the difference in quality!