来源URL: https://web.archive.org/web/20141231192309/http://www.dutchcrafters.com/TermsAndConditions.aspx
================================================================================

terms and conditions follow us on log in   create a wish list   my wishlistmy profilechange passwordlog outshopping cart   order status   customer id: go search by tag: quick ship, gifts for her, gifts for him trade learning center made in america about us testimonials furniture by collections furniture by styles new arrivals blog terms & conditions ordering we at dutchcrafters want you to rest assured in your purchases with us, and are here to assist you each step of the way. whether you choose our fast and simple online ordering system, or you would rather let one of our furniture specialists guide you over the phone, dutchcrafters is committed to bringing you the exact piece that you envision, and keeping you informed of its progress. remember, your furniture will be built just for you. from local lumber sourcing to custom hand-finishing, your purchase from dutchcrafters is unique to you and to your story. we invite you to become a part of that story from the very beginning. customization once you’ve chosen the perfect piece for your home, we welcome you to experiment with different finishes and wood types to suit your style. there are two ways to go about this: - order up to four finish samples right here, even before you order your piece. - order your piece, but choose the “decide later” option in the dropdown menu provided for your finish selection. one of our furniture specialists will give you a call to discuss which samples you would like to see. o    in most (but not all) instances, the craftsmen can begin working on your ordered piece while you sort out your perfect finish. just don’t wait too long! payment options we know that quality furniture like ours is an investment, and we’ll work with you to make that investment happen. one possibility is to start with a deposit of just 30%, then make another 30% payment in four weeks (don’t worry, we’ll remind you via email!), then pay the balance prior to shipping. this and other free payment options are available on orders over $1,000. questions? ask us! online visa, mastercard, discover, american expresspaypal online check over-the-phone money order, certified or paper check o one percent discount for these! wire transfer visa, mastercard, discover, american expresspaypalonline check the process once you place your order, we’ll tell the woodshop craftsmen that specializes in your piece to begin building it. this starts with selecting and cutting your ideal lumber, constructing a frame to your piece’s size specifications, and piecing each individually crafted component together like an intricate wooden puzzle. sometimes, it’s a single skilled amish craftsman building your piece all the way from the planks of wood to the hand-tooled result. other times, the workshop will have specialized craftsmen for each portion of a piece—say, one to fashion the spindles on a bed, another to carve designs on the headboard. either way, your piece will remain in that single, small workshop, tended and perfected by the same craftsmen, until it is fully realized and ready to be sent away for finishing. +did you know+ we work with some of the oldest amish communities in america. these tightly-knit groups typically forego most modern amenities, like telephones, in favor of a more simple, earnest approach to life and work. so when we need to contact one of our craftsmen, we can’t exactly dial them up on their cell! instead, the community usually uses a public phone booths at the edge of the property, where they receive our messages and send one back to us. this back-and-forth can sometimes take several days! sure, it seems an awkward way to do business in this internet-based, fast-paced world, but we think the results are well worth the patience and a bit of inconvenience. after all, the amish perfected and kept their crafts over hundreds of years, and we here at dutchcrafters feel honored to finally be able to share the beautiful fruits of their labor with you. keeping you posted about four to six weeks after you place your order, the woodworker will let us know when they think that they’ll be satisfied with the piece, and it will be ready for finishing. in turn, we’ll get in touch with you (via email) for a few different reasons. first, we like to keep you informed about the status and progress of your future heirloom. second, if another payment needs to be made, it’s a good time to take care of that. finally, we’ll be able to provide you with a more accurate (but still estimated!) completion date. please keep in mind that these shops and craftsmen need to weather storms, repair tools, and take holidays, just like most workshops, and any of those or a myriad of other reasons might result in delays. not to worry, though—we promise to keep you in the loop! +did you know+ finishing a piece of furniture is a delicate, sophisticated procedure, and mastering the different finishes takes decades of practice. with this in mind, we only entrust our customers’ pieces to a select group of handpicked finishing shops—the cream of the crop. additionally, finishes are vulnerable, and easily compromised by changes in humidity, temperature, or any number of other, seemingly minor factors. this means that if you order a set of furniture, but the pieces are finished at different locations or at different times, your pieces simply won’t match! that’s why dutchcrafters insists that furniture in the same order ship to a single finishing workshop, one that will wait to begin their painstaking work until all pieces arrive. so, a bed built in indiana may ship to pennsylvania, then wait until a matching nightstand arrives from ohio before the pieces can be painted, stained, distressed, or otherwise finished to your exact specifications. like the amish craftsmen, our standards are high, but we’re both proud and confident that you’ll feel the difference all the extra effort can make. shipping our shipping procedures vary according to your order, and also according to your preferences. we try to make the process as plain and painless as possible, but understand that you’re anxious to receive your order, and that you may have questions. if the following sections don’t relieve your concerns or answer those questions, feel free to contact us. non-furniture items most non-furniture items will arrive via ups or fedex within two weeks of your order. shipping cost is determined by weight and location, and is calculated at checkout. this cost may also include handling and packaging fees. $199 flat-rate furniture shipping with curbside delivery dutchcrafters offers $199 flat-rate shipping to the continental united sates on an unlimited number of qualifying products. furniture delivery may take up to twelve weeks, or as little as four weeks. of course, we keep you updated as often as possible during this time. flat-rate shipping includes curbside delivery only. in plain terms, curbside delivery means that your furniture will arrive on a truck with one driver. the driver is not responsible for taking your items off the truck, or for bringing them into your home or office. a lift gate is available to assist you for an additional $25. when your order is ready for shipping, the delivery company will contact you directly to set up an arrival time. +pro tip+ from gwen, our shipping coordinator: “when we receive word that your furniture is almost complete, we let you know, and then i jump into action. i know most of our delivery drivers across the country by name, and i work hard to make sure that they deliver your furniture at your convenience, and as quickly and safely as possible. sometimes i use nationwide companies to deliver to more remote locations. no matter who is delivering, though, i strongly recommend asking friends, family or neighbors for some help unloading the truck, and offering up lunch or snacks as a reward. with a few extra hands, your new pieces will be into your house in no time, and with full bellies, everyone leaves happy!” the rest of us here at dutchcrafters couldn’t agree more! inside delivery for $399, dutchcrafters offers flat-rate inside delivery. this shipping option follows our $199 flat-rate procedures, up until the point of delivery. that’s when our “white glove” service kicks in. our friendly drivers will help unload every piece and carefully unpack them. they’ll bring the pieces into the correct rooms of your home or office, then put together any items that arrive disassembled. finally, they’ll even clear your home or office of the boxes and other packing materials. it’s our most personal, valuable way to ensure your satisfaction, and the perfect way to welcome your new heirloom to the family. problems? we strive to make every part of your experience with dutchcrafters simple and hassle-free. this level of customer service is rewarded and evidenced in so many ways, like our longstanding a+ rating with the better business bureau, or the thousands of positive customer reviews right here on our site. we want to remain at this level, so if something goes wrong, we want to know about it, and know how to make it right, just as soon as possible. our furniture specialists are available monday-friday, 8:30am-5:00pm, by phone or email. damaged, defective or wrong products we ask that you thoroughly inspect all of your purchases at the time of delivery—in furniture deliveries, preferably before the truck leaves. in the unlikely event that something is wrong, please contact us as soon as possible, and please take pictures of the problem(s), so that you may email them to us. in most cases, we can replace an item at no cost to you. cancellations refund requests will be granted for cancellations occurring up to 48 hours after you place your order. cancellations after that will be reviewed on a case-by-case basis, but you should be aware that work on your piece may have already begun if your purchase included furniture, or (in non-furniture purchases) your product may have already shipped. we typically do not accept cancellations in these cases. privacy dutchcrafters is committed to maintaining the security of your private information. we respect your right to know how we collect, use, and store your information. for a detailed account of these policies, please see our privacy policy. acceptance of terms if everything above is basically the fine print, then this next section is the really fine print. we promise that there’s nothing fishy going on in all the legalese, but you’re welcome to take a gander: dutchcrafters customer use of our website is governed by our terms and conditions. use of dutchcrafters website constitutes a customer's agreement and acceptance to all our terms and conditions. if you do not accept and agree to these terms and conditions, please do not use our website. these terms and conditions are legally binding. we may modify our terms and conditions at any time. revisions will be posted to our website and will be effective at that time. please review our terms and conditions often for updates. prices all of our products are priced in u.s. dollars and are official only in the united states. our website will only calculate shipping for u.s. domestic shipments, excluding alaska, hawaii, puerto rico as well as canada. we can ship into these areas, but shipping rates are based on weight and destination and some additional charges may apply. please contact one of our sales associates for a shipping quote on orders into alaska, hawaii, puerto rico, canada and other international destinations. accuracy although dutchcrafters makes all attempts to present accurate and reliable content, there may be typographical inaccuracy or errors in product descriptions, availability or pricing. we reserve the right to correct this error at any time with no notice before or after an order is placed. dutchcrafters, its partners or employees cannot be held liable for any loss or damage caused by customer dependence on information acquired from our website. it is the customer's responsibility to evaluate the information on our website. indemnity customer' agree to indemnify and hold harmless dutchcrafters and its employees from any liability, claims, costs, and expenses alleging or resulting from customers' use of the dutchcrafters website in violation or breach of the terms and conditions. acknowledgement and changes the terms and conditions represent an understanding between the customer and dutchcrafters. customers agree to be bound by the terms and conditions when using any area of the dutchcrafters website. dutchcrafters reserves the right to change the terms and conditions at any time. if we make a change to the term and conditions, we will place those updates on this page and they will become valid upon posting. applicable laws any claim relating to this website, the services provided through this website or the content shall be governed by the internal substantive laws of the state of florida. terms and conditions contact we welcome customer's feedback and questions on our terms and conditions or website. please contact us via mail at the address below, email us at customerservice@dutchcrafters.com or call us at 1-866-272-6773. dutchcrafters 1877 porter lake drive sarasota, fl 34240 email: customerservice@dutchcrafters.com toll free: 1-866-272-6773 phone: 941-377-5112 fax: 941-377-7870 last updated wednesday, april 2, 2014. kitchen & diningamish bar stoolsamish barsamish benchesamish breakfast nooksamish corner hutchesamish cupboards & cabinetsamish dining room chairsamish dining room tablesamish dry sinksamish hutchesamish jelly cabinetsamish kitchen islandsamish kitchen step stoolsamish microwave standsamish pie safesamish pub tablesamish sideboardsamish trash binsamish wine cabinetsserving cartsunfinished dining table partswine racksamish kitchen accessories living & entertainingamish accent tablesamish cd and dvd cabinetsamish curio cabinetsamish entertainment centersamish fireplacesamish game tablesamish gun cabinetsamish lounge chairsamish magazine racksamish ottomans & footstoolsamish rockers and glidersamish sofa serversamish sofasamish stereo cabinetsamish tv standsloveseatspool tables and billiards bedroomamish armoiresamish bed stepsamish bedroom furniture setsamish bedsamish chestsamish dressersamish floor mirrorsamish mirrorsamish night standsamish vanities officeamish bookcasesamish computer armoiresamish conference tablesamish credenzasamish desk chairsamish desksamish filing cabinetsamish letter holdersamish podiums & lecterns outdooramish outdoor accent tablesamish outdoor bar stoolsamish outdoor barsamish outdoor benchesamish outdoor chairsamish outdoor chaise loungesamish outdoor dining tablesamish outdoor furniture setsamish outdoor glidersamish outdoor loveseats and sofasamish outdoor picnic tablesamish outdoor porch rockersamish outdoor pub tablesamish outdoor setteesamish outdoors kids furnitureamish porch swingsoutdoor ottomansamish outdoor decoramish outdoor structures childrenamish kids bedroom furnitureamish kids playroom furnitureamish toys & games decoramish art and framingamish baskets & cratesamish calendars & framesamish hand-woven rugsamish mantle clocksamish shelvesamish wall clocksamish wooden canes & walking sticksamish lighting fixturesamish quilts and quilt racks foyeramish coat hangersamish coat racksamish grandfather clocksamish hall tablesamish key cabinetsfoyer benches & hall trees bathamish bathroom accessoriesamish bathroom vanitiesamish made soaps petsamish made bird suppliesamish made cat suppliesamish made chicken coopsamish made dog suppliesamish made hunting blindsamish made rabbit pens furniture carefinishes, oils, paints & polish sale our company general information privacy & security terms & conditions business customer profiles resources amish furniture caring for your wood furniture videos hablamos español sitemap | product a to z > office: 941-377-5112 toll free: 1-866-272-6773 email:questions@dutchcrafters.com 1877 porter lake drive, sarasota, fl 34240, u.s.a. © copyrights 2003 - 2015 dutchcrafters all rights reserved.