来源URL: https://web.archive.org/web/20161209054234/https://www.dutchcrafters.com/blog/
================================================================================

timber to table - google home how we work shop dutchcrafters living room entertainment rivals: round two – wall units vs. tv stands august 7, 2015 dutchcrafters living room entertainment rivals: round two! we’re one week closer to the season’s first nfl match on september 10th, so we’re back with another tense match-up between two of our most popular living room stalwarts: wall units and traditional tv stands. which of these two would bring more to the unbeatable experience of watching the season’s opener in your home? this was a tough one, but we think we managed to figure it out. read more… comments: 0 posted by: heather mclellan categories: amish living room furniture, food + entertaining tags: amish tv stands, amish wall units, tv stands, wall units everything you want to know about: amish businesses august 3, 2015 erik wesner, author of success made simple: an inside look at why amish businesses thrive, guest blogs for us today, all about: amish businesses if you’ve traveled through an amish community lately, you may have noticed any number of roadside stands, small shops and signs advertising food and other goods for sale. amish entrepreneurs can be found in nearly every amish community, and in some places have surpassed farmers in number. today, amish run thousands of companies across north america, from one-person workshops to large manufacturers employing 30 or more people. in this article we look at why business has proven so attractive, and successful for the amish, the types of businesses they run, and more. read more… comments: 0 posted by: jayca pike categories: amish furniture makers tags: #amishculture, amish businesses, amish furiture, amish makers dutchcrafters living room entertainment rivals: round one – tv stands vs. fireplace units july 30, 2015 dutchcrafters living room entertainment rivals: round one! just in time for the nfl season! what kind of living room entertainment stand suits you, your friends, and your team? there’s only one way to find out: the inaugural dutchcrafters living room entertainment bracket, kicking off this week with a tense showdown between our convenient corner entertainment centers and our world-class amish fireplaces. read more… comments: 0 posted by: heather mclellan categories: amish living room furniture, food + entertaining tags: amish entertainment centers, amish fireplace entertainment centers, amish fireplace tv stands, amish fireplaces, amish tv stands everything you want to know about: amish children july 27, 2015 happy monday, everyone!  say hello again to our friend erik wesner, author of success made simple: an inside look at why amish businesses thrive, here to tell us more about the lives of amish children. read on: read more… comments: 0 posted by: jayca pike categories: amish furniture makers hey, baby! 3 nursery furniture essentials july 23, 2015 with the fall almost upon us, it seems as if adorable new family members are popping up everywhere! and that’s no coincidence, either: data shows that the months of september and october are the most baby-crazy time of the year in the united states. this season is no different for our amish woodworkers and their families, so we sat down with them for a final once-over of our range of nursery furniture essentials. this checklist is what we came up with – including 10% off any rocking chair, crib, cradle, nursery set, or changing table with the code heybaby. read more… comments: 0 posted by: heather mclellan categories: amish children's furniture tags: amish changing tables, amish cribs, amish nursery furniture, amish nurswry rockers everything you want to know about: types of amish july 20, 2015 say hello again to erik wesner, author of success made simple: an inside look at why amish businesses thrive, as he explains the different types of amish groups spread across the country: read more… comments: 0 posted by: jayca pike categories: amish furniture makers the new dining table: choosing your dining table style july 17, 2015 creating a dazzling dining room begins with the perfect table. with so many designs to choose from, it can be hard to know where to start. so, since we’ve already tried to help out with what size dining table you might want, and also what dining table shape would fit, let’s try it one more way: what’s your dining table style? here are four styles, by personality: read more… comments: 0 posted by: jayca pike categories: amish dining room furniture tags: dining style, dining table, dining table style everything you want to know about: amish transportation july 13, 2015 we’re welcoming erik wesner, author of success made simple: an inside look at why amish businesses thrive, back to the timber to table blog today, to tell us a little bit more about amish transportation – horse and buggy, and beyond! erik, you’re up! read more… comments: 1 posted by: jayca pike categories: amish furniture makers the new dining table: what dining table shape do i need? july 9, 2015 simply suitable dining tables tend to linger long after you’ve stopped loving them. the one you have is okay, it’s workable, but is it the best dining table shape for your current home? since it’s a substantial piece of furniture, and one that requires a considerable time and $$ investment, it can seem indulgent to buy a new table when the one you have is in perfectly good order. whether you’ve decided it’s time to up your dining game (thumbs up!), or to grin and bear your current situation, we’ll help you find your ideal (or work with your present) dining table shape. read more… comments: 4 posted by: jayca pike categories: amish dining room furniture tags: amish dining table, dining table everything you want to know about: amish church july 6, 2015 we’re welcoming erik wesner, author of success made simple: an inside look at why amish businesses thrive,  back to the blog to discuss another interesting facet of amish life: the amish church. “the amish are widely recognized as a devout people. god—and by extension the church—is the center of amish life. not just something they do on sunday, the church is very much a part of everyday life.” read more of erik’s explanation: read more… comments: 2 posted by: jayca pike categories: amish furniture makers tags: amish church, amish country, amish life the new dining table: what size dining table do i need? july 3, 2015 most of you would agree that your dining table will be the focal point of your dining space – and, in some cases, your entire home. a resurgence in modern, more open layouts for newer homes has led to dining tables that serve as creative project spots, kids’ homework desks, family game tables, and dinner prep counters – as well as the main component of an optimal dining area. today, we’ll focus on step 1 of the search for the perfect piece: deciding what size dining table is best for you. read more… comments: 1 posted by: jayca pike categories: amish dining room furniture tags: amish dining table, dining table, size dining table everything you want to know about: amish clothing june 29, 2015 say hello to erik wesner, author of success made simple: an inside look at why amish businesses thrive, as he joins us again to explain a facet of amish life that most of us english folk find curious: amish clothing. welcome back & take it away, erik – read more… comments: 1 posted by: jayca pike categories: amish furniture makers tags: amish clothing, plain people 3 comfy casual ways with a wine rack june 25, 2015 i heard this myth that most homes in rural france have small wine cellars, just like the rest of us (stateside) have cluttered basements. now, i don’t know if that’s true, but if it is? they’re missing out on a classic, convenient wine rack. one of these three will look at least twice as good as wandering down to the basement for a refill. like what you see? take 10% off any wine rack or wine cabinet for a limited time with code: wine10 read more… comments: 0 posted by: jayca pike categories: amish dining room furniture, amish living room furniture, food + entertaining tags: amish wine rack, amish wine storage everything you want to know about: the amish and technology june 22, 2015 we’re welcoming erik wesner, author of success made simple: an inside look at why amish businesses thrive, back to the blog to explain another aspect of amish life that . . . confuses outsiders, to say the least. what, exactly, is the relationship between the amish and technology? do go on, mr. wesner . . . read more… comments: 2 posted by: jayca pike categories: amish furniture makers don’t miss this wedding season trend: the wedding wagon! june 18, 2015 with the peak of the wedding season almost upon us, we’ve been hearing more and more about one of the season’s emerging trends: the miniature wedding wagon. these adorable, endlessly versatile pieces lend themselves easily to almost any part of the big day. read on for our top five ways to bring this delightful trend to your nuptials! read more… comments: 0 posted by: heather mclellan categories: amish home decor, food + entertaining, inspiration tags: outdoor decor, wedding season, wedding wagon everything you want to know about: amish families june 15, 2015 we’re welcoming erik wesner, author of success made simple: an inside look at why amish businesses thrive, back to the timber to table blog to tell us about the (extensive!) amish family unit – you may be surprised by the similarity between amish families and your own! read more… comments: 3 posted by: jayca pike categories: amish furniture makers tags: #amishculture, amish america, amish family get this look: light + sunny stone eat-in kitchen june 8, 2015 you’re getting warmer . . . as the summer heat descends, we’re drawn to the cool, refreshing environs of a stone eat-in kitchen to beat the power of the oven. the trick here? keeping it cozy yet bright. read more… comments: 0 posted by: jayca pike categories: amish dining room furniture, inspiration tags: dining table, farmhouse table, hutch, kitchen table, ladderback chair everything you want to know about amish beliefs june 4, 2015 we’re so pleased to welcome erik wesner back to the blog! today, he tells you a bit about the rather intriguing and sometimes confusing realm of amish beliefs. take it away, erik! while amish society is more diverse than you might think—with some amish being more progressive and others more conservative—there are a number of core beliefs which all share in common. here are five key beliefs of the amish: read more… comments: 0 posted by: jayca pike categories: amish furniture makers tags: amish country, amish life, erik wesner, guest post 8 office desks that’ll get your job done june 1, 2015 a practical office desk that allows for an efficient workflow is essential for any businessperson, head of household, student or serious crafter. bonus points awarded for an office or home office desk that looks just as good as it works. click through for our guide to buying an office desk that’s built for your workload plus a special offer :-)! read more… comments: 2 posted by: jayca pike categories: amish office furniture, inspiration tags: amish desk, desk styles, office desk, solid wood desk how to season a new cigar humidor may 28, 2015 the use of a finely calibrated cigar humidor will ensure your favorite stogies never go stale, keep their intended taste and aroma, and are ready to smoke when you’re ready to enjoy them. read more… comments: 0 posted by: jayca pike categories: food + entertaining tags: american made, american made cigar humidor 8 summer party must-dos from our poly wood outdoor furniture photo shoot may 25, 2015 summer is unofficially here, and our poly wood outdoor furniture photo shoot reminded us of some key summer party must haves and must-dos to inspire your next fete! read more… comments: 0 posted by: jayca pike categories: amish outdoor furniture, food + entertaining, inspiration tags: amish polywood outdoor furniture meet the amish furniture makers: luxury office furniture collection may 21, 2015 falling in love with james and his five sons, the amish furniture makers who handcraft our luxury office furniture collection, is just as easy as falling in love with the impeccable, solid wood desks they’ve been building since 2002. warm and fatherly, james leads us around his cobbled shop, through room after appended room of buzzing and sanding, eager to share his work and future plans with us. coupon code after the jump read more… comments: 0 posted by: jayca pike categories: amish furniture makers tags: amish desk, amish office furniture, luxury office furniture lay the foundation: nursery furniture to inspire great beginnings may 18, 2015 while there are a few everyday differences between our way of life and the culture of our amish woodworkers, we share one defining value in common: our families are at the very heart of everything we do. so when you’re starting to decorate a new nursery, we suggest making solid, safe, and beautiful amish nursery furniture the foundation of your room. then, let your dreams for baby’s bright future (and your love of animal prints, baby elephants, glittering mobiles . . . ) take it from there.  read more… comments: 0 posted by: heather mclellan categories: amish children's furniture tags: amish nursery furniture, amish nursery sets stories from amish country: spring 2015 may 14, 2015 furniture-making is a craft, and we respect our amish woodworkers for elevating that craft with every hand-rubbed, hand-stitched, hand-carved, and heartfelt piece of furniture they build for the dutchcrafters brand. each season, you’ll find us visiting their amish country woodshops to see new designs, to hear about new processes, and — in spring 2015 — to discover some brand new rustic hickory furniture. read more… comments: 0 posted by: jayca pike categories: amish furniture makers tags: amish country, rustic hickory furniture spring patio: 3 garden planter ideas to deck out your deck may 11, 2015 with spring in full bloom and summer just around the corner, may brings with it some of the most vibrant and magnificent outdoor displays that the year has to offer. it seems as though almost everyone’s outside – weddings, picnics, holidays, those long afternoons with a book that we can’t stop dreaming about – and all of that calls for outdoor décor to match these bright, vibrant days. so, we’ve taken a little time away from the sunshine to round up these ideas for seasonal garden planter arrangements that’ll fit any space! read more… comments: 0 posted by: heather mclellan categories: amish outdoor furniture, food + entertaining, inspiration tags: amish outdoor decor, gardening father’s day gift picks may 4, 2015 we’d like to offer a warm welcome back to interior designer emily wignall, presenting her favorite father’s day gift ideas to us, straight from her blog, anatomy of design. get dad in your corner with these great ideas for a “dad’s corner”! read more… comments: 3 posted by: jayca pike categories: amish living room furniture tags: amish game table, amish modern desk, father's day, guest post, holiday the modern hunter’s man cave: 3 ways with a wood gun cabinet april 30, 2015 from the northeast to the southwest, many celebrated fathers consider hunting an important part of both their and their children’s upbringing. whether part of a subterranean man cave, an upscale lodge on the lake, or a backwoods huntin’ camp (that’s what my grampy called his), storing the tools of the trade in a safe, wood gun cabinet is a surefire way to class the place up a touch. score! salecode after the jump —> read more… comments: 0 posted by: jayca pike categories: amish living room furniture tags: amish gun cabinet, amish gun safe, cabin, cabin looks, hunting lodge, wood gun cabinet a place to play on a rainy day: kids’ table and chairs defeat wet weather blues april 27, 2015 april showers keeping the kids trapped indoors? no problem! rainy days bring just as much opportunity for fun and learning as the balmy heights of summer. read on for some inspiration to tide you and your little loves through even the stormiest of april showers! and if you’re looking for a handmade, child-approved activity space, complete with kids’ table and chairs, we’ve got a few ideas for those, too. read more… comments: 0 posted by: heather mclellan categories: amish children's furniture tags: amish children's table and chairs, amish kids' table and chairs, crafts 9 dazzling summer color combinations for your outdoor furniture april 22, 2015 adding two or three new colors to your outdoor furniture and decor can completely change the look of your outdoor rooms. lucky for everyone, our eco-friendly poly wood outdoor furniture comes in a dizzying array of fantastic options to freshen up your deck, patio or backyard! consider one of these designer-approved, naturally-themed combinations to impress and delight in your outdoor living space this earth day . . . and beyond! read more… comments: 8 posted by: jayca pike categories: amish outdoor furniture, inspiration tags: color palette, designer inspired, summer 3 ways to grow herbs for fresh kitchen flavors and good garden looks april 20, 2015 read on for our top tips, tricks, and ideas for bringing a little touch of the countryside to your space. whether you’ve got a garden, porch, deck, balcony or windowsill, we’ve got the tools and planters you need to grow herbs for a beautiful and bountiful herb garden! read more… comments: 2 posted by: heather mclellan categories: amish home decor tags: amish planters, gardening, how to load more follow here! what we’re up tolooking for something? search by category amish bathroom furniture amish bedroom furniture amish children's furniture amish dining room furniture amish foyer furniture amish furniture makers amish home decor amish living room furniture amish office furniture amish outdoor furniture food + entertaining inspiration older what’s piquing our pinterest search by tag#amishculture amish bench amish bookcase amish country amish desk amish furniture amish gun cabinet amish gun safe amish holiday amish jewelry boxes amish life amish lighthouse amish lounge chair amish outdoor decor amish outdoor furniture amish poly furniture amish polywood furniture amish polywood outdoor furniture amish proverb amish sofa amish storage bench amish tv stands cabin looks christmas color palette country style furniture decorating dining table gardening gifts gifts for her guest post guide holiday how to info labor day mission style furniture organization poly furniture polywood adirondack chairs polywood furniture profile recipe summer what’s got us a-twitterabout 2 days agonfl season is coming... who's your living room champion this season? see our latest match-up: http://t.co/ilwymdpwi8 http://t.co/tgsvrjoetgabout 2 days agotrending on dutchcrafters | the ultimate, original adult (sort of) play station: http://t.co/lx6ls7qlen #sheshed http://t.co/ctc1e4xurpabout 3 days agoa collection of our favorite #executive #desks to get your productivity flowing this fall: http://t.co/6fnez2iafm http://t.co/kcysktvduxlatest on houzz dutchcrafters amish furniture's ideabooks posts by month posts by month select month august 2015 july 2015 june 2015 may 2015 april 2015 march 2015 february 2015 january 2015 december 2014 november 2014 october 2014 september 2014 august 2014 july 2014 june 2014 may 2014 april 2014 february 2014 january 2014 december 2013 november 2013 september 2013 august 2013 july 2013 june 2013 may 2013 april 2013 march 2013 february 2013 january 2013 december 2012 november 2012 © copyright 2015. powered by wordpress hoarder theme by themezilla