来源URL: https://web.archive.org/web/20161209054234/https://www.dutchcrafters.com/TermsAndConditions.aspx
================================================================================

terms and conditions call us now! 866-272-6773 search wishlist store account wishlist my profile dashboard order tracking cart shop the look | shop by style wishlist my profile dashboard order tracking kitchen & dining all kitchen & diningtablesdining chairs & seatingdining storagekitchen accessorieskitchen storagebars & wine storagekitchen islandsbreakfast nooks setsdining room sets living & entertaining all living & entertainingaccent tablesliving room seatingtv stands & entertainment centersmedia storagegame room furniturecurio cabinets bedroom all bedroombedsbedroom storagestorage chestsbedroom accessoriesbedroom sets office all officedesksoffice storagedesk chairsoffice accessoriesconference tableswooden gun cabinets & safes outdoor all outdooroutdoor lounge furnitureoutdoor structuresoutdoor dining furnitureoutdoor pet & animal suppliesbackyard playoutdoor decor & accessorieslawn & garden accessories children all childrenplayroom, toys & kid's giftskid's furniturebaby furniturekid's storage & study decor all decorwall decorlamps & lighting fixturesclockshome accentspet furniturestorage foyer all foyercoat hangerscoat racksfoyer hall trees & bencheskey cabinetswooden canes & walking sticks bath pets furniture care all furniture carefinishes, oils & paintsfurniture protection planupholstery fabrics and leathers fabrics by the yard gift certificates salemore kitchen & diningtablesdining tablespub tablesview alldining chairs & seatingbar stools & counter chairsdining benchesdining chairsview alldining storagebuffets & sideboardscorner hutcheshutchesview allkitchen accessoriesbread boxeskitchen essentialskitchen step stoolstable care & decortrash binswooden lazy susansview allkitchen storagecupboards & cabinetsdry sinksjelly cabinetsmicrowave standspie safesvegetable binsview allbars & wine storagebar cabinetsbar carts & serving cartswine racks & cabinetsview allkitchen islandsview allbreakfast nooks setsview alldining room setsview allall dining room furniture shop the look shop by style living & entertainingaccent tablescoffee tablesconsole & hall tablesend tableslift-top tablesmagazine racksnesting tablesplant & phone standssofa serverssofa tablesview allliving room seatingottomans & footstoolsrecliners & lounge chairsrocking chairs & gliderssofas & love seatsview alltv stands & entertainment centersentertainment centerstv standsview allmedia storagecd & dvd storagestereo cabinetsview allgame room furnituregame tablespool table accessoriespool tables & billiardsview allcurio cabinetsview allall living room furniture shop the look shop by style bedroombedscanopy bedsday bedsmurphy bedspanel bedsplatform bedspost bedssleigh bedsstorage bedswindsor bedsview allbedroom storagearmoires & wardrobeschest of drawersdresserslingerie chestsmule chestsnight standsview allstorage chestshope cheststrunksview allbedroom accessoriesbed stepsbedroom benchescheval mirrors & wall mirrorsjewelry chests & armoiresquilt racksquilts & beddingvanities & dressing tablesview allbedroom sets mission shaker colonial mid century modern view allall bedroom furniture shop the look shop by style officedesksarmoire deskscomputer deskscredenza desksexecutive deskspartner desksroll top deskssecretary desksstanding deskswriting desksview alloffice storagebookcasescredenzasfiling cabinetsview alldesk chairsview alloffice accessoriesletter holderspodiums & lecternsview allconference tablesview allwooden gun cabinets & safesview allall office furniture outdooroutdoor lounge furnitureaccent tablesadirondack chairsbencheschaise loungesgliderslounge chairsottomanspatio lounge setsporch rockersporch swingssetteessofas, sectionals & loveseatsview alloutdoor structuresarborsbridgescupolasfencesgazebos & pergolassheds & barnstrellisesview alloutdoor dining furniturebar & bar tablesbar setsbar stoolsdining benchesdining chairsdining setsdining tablesgrill tablespicnic tablespub tablesview alloutdoor pet & animal suppliesbird suppliesdog houses & kennelsrabbit pens & cagesurban chicken coopsview allbackyard playkid’s outdoor furnitureplayhousessandboxesswing setsview alloutdoor decor & accessoriesbarn starscarts & wheelbarrowsfire pitslighthousesmailboxesreenactment cannonssigns & plaquesvintage whiskey barrelswind chimeswindmillswishing wellsview alllawn & garden accessoriesplanterspotting benchesview allall outdoor furniture shop the look shop by style childrenplayroom, toys & kid's giftsamerican girl doll furniturewooden toysboard gamesplay kitchenspuzzlesrocking horseswooden doll houses & doll furnitureview allkid's furniturekid’s bedskid’s bunk beds & loftskid’s chairskid’s dressers & storagekid’s rocking chairskid’s tableskid's benchesview allbaby furniturechanging tablescribs, cradles, & conversion bedshigh chairsnursery furniture setsview allkid's storage & studytoy storageyouth & student desksyouth bookcasesview allall children furniture decorwall decorart & wall hangingscalendar framesdisplay casesquilted wall hangingsview alllamps & lighting fixtureslampslighting fixturesview allclocksgrandfather clocksmantle clockswall clocksview allhome accentsaccent shelvingbaskets & cratesbook endscandlesgoat milk soapview allpet furniturewood litter boxes & enclosuresbowls & feedersdog bedsview allstoragelaundry hamperstoilet paper holderstowel holderstowel racksview allview all decor entrywayentryway furniturecoat hangerscoat racksfoyer hall trees & bencheskey cabinetswooden canes & walking sticksview allhome improvementimprovement furniturebathroom vanitiesfabrics by the yardfireplacesfurniture caresliding barn doorsunfinished furniture partsview allsalegift certificatessale go stain samples $199 delivery only 30% down personal specialist × × × × terms & conditions ordering we at dutchcrafters want you to rest assured in your purchases with us, and are here to assist you each step of the way. whether you choose our fast and simple online ordering system, or you would rather let one of our furniture specialists guide you over the phone, dutchcrafters is committed to bringing you the exact piece that you envision, and keeping you informed of its progress. remember, your furniture will be built just for you. as such, we cannot allow returns on furniture orders. from local lumber sourcing to custom hand-finishing, your purchase from dutchcrafters is unique to you and to your story. we invite you to become a part of that story from the very beginning. personalization once you’ve chosen the perfect piece for your home, we welcome you to experiment with different finishes and wood types to suit your style. please remember that stain colors may vary from how they appear on our website, brochures, or wood samples. there are two ways to go about this: order up to four finish samples right here, even before you order your piece. order your piece, but choose the “decide later” option in the dropdown menu provided for your finish selection. one of our furniture specialists will give you a call to discuss which samples you would like to see. in most (but not all) instances, the craftsmen can begin working on your ordered piece while you sort out your perfect finish. just don’t wait too long! please note that custom orders (e.g., custom sizing, feature additions) may add to lead time. payment options we know that quality furniture like ours is an investment, and we’ll work with you to make that investment happen. one possibility is to start with a deposit of just 30%, then make another 30% payment in four weeks (don’t worry, we’ll remind you via email!), then pay the balance prior to shipping. this is available for orders over $1,000 that take longer than four weeks to complete. orders less than $1,000 or products that ship within four weeks do not qualify. questions? ask us! online visa, mastercard, discover, american express paypal online check over-the-phone money order, certified or paper check wire transfer visa, mastercard, discover, american express paypal online check coupons and promotions promotion pricing, coupons, and discounts must be used at time of purchase promotion pricing, coupons and discounts valid only for duration of promotion promotion pricing, coupons, and discounts not valid on berlin gardens items promotion pricing, coupons and discounts valid on new orders only cancellations refund requests will be granted for cancellations occurring up to 48 hours after you place your order. cancellations after that will be reviewed on a case-by-case basis, but you should be aware that work on your piece may have already begun if your purchase included furniture, or (in non-furniture purchases) your product may have already shipped. we typically do not accept cancellations in these cases. the process once you place your order, we’ll tell the woodshop craftsmen that specializes in your piece to begin building it. this starts with selecting and cutting your ideal lumber, constructing a frame to your piece’s size specifications, and piecing each individually crafted component together like an intricate wooden puzzle. sometimes, it’s a single skilled amish craftsman building your piece all the way from the planks of wood to the hand-tooled result. other times, the workshop will have specialized craftsmen for each portion of a piece—say, one to fashion the spindles on a bed, another to carve designs on the headboard. either way, your piece will remain in that single, small workshop, tended and perfected by the same craftsmen, until it is fully realized and ready to be sent away for finishing. keeping you posted about four to six weeks after you place your order, the woodworker will let us know when they think that they’ll be satisfied with the piece, and it will be ready for finishing. in turn, we’ll get in touch with you (via email) for a few different reasons. first, we like to keep you informed about the status and progress of your future heirloom. second, if another payment needs to be made, it’s a good time to take care of that. finally, we’ll be able to provide you with a more accurate (but still estimated!) completion date. please keep in mind that these shops and craftsmen need to weather storms, repair tools, and take holidays, just like most workshops, and any of those or a myriad of other reasons might result in delays. not to worry, though—we promise to keep you in the loop! shipping please see planning for your furniture delivery for more information on shipping and delivery. returns our amish woodworkers labor to make each handcrafted piece exactly as requested, from hand cutting to hand sanding and finishing. all furniture purchases are made to your specifications and so are final. as such, please review your order to verify that it is correct, and also to be certain that your choice of furniture will fit into its intended room. please remember that it will need to fit through all doorways and stairways. in the unusual case that a piece of furniture is accepted for return, it will be subject to a 25% restocking fee. non-furniture items, such as decor items, are subject to a 15% restocking fee. our shipping fees are non-refundable, and you will be responsible for return freight. problems? we strive to make every part of your experience with dutchcrafters simple and hassle-free. this level of customer service is rewarded and evidenced in so many ways, like our longstanding a+ rating with the better business bureau, or the thousands of positive customer reviews right here on our site. we want to remain at this level, so if something goes wrong, we want to know about it, and know how to make it right, just as soon as possible. our furniture specialists are available monday-friday, 8:30am-5:00pm, by phone or email. at dutchcrafters, we stand behind our amish furniture. every piece of furniture we sell comes with a one year warranty against defects in materials and workmanship. if, within one year of receiving your item, it is determined that the material or workmanship is defective, we will repair or replace the item. dutchcrafters will assist customers with claims relating to items that are manufactured by third parties. please be prepared to send pictures to us (via email) that show the problem, so that we can assess what needs to be done. normal use and wear, misuse, commercial use, and seasonal wood movement and splits are not included in this warranty. this limited warranty covers defects in materials and workmanship and does not include damages to property or person caused by the misuse, improper installation, or lack of care of the item. some of our amish woodworkers offer extended warranties or lifetime warranties. please contact one of our amish furniture representatives with further questions regarding the warranties on our furniture. defective or wrong products if you see that you have received a product that is different from what you have ordered, we will replace it at no additional cost to you. if possible, tell the shipper to simply return it to the sender. you must inform us of any defects within five days of receiving your purchase (photographs may be required as proof of defect). disputes in the event of a dispute regarding an item made by a third party woodworker that you purchased through dutchcrafters that is not resolved through the limited warranty, occurs outside of the limited warranty period, is not covered by the limited warranty or involves any other dispute, you must resolve such dispute directly with the manufacturer. any dispute or claim relating in any way to any products sold or distributed through dutchcrafters will be resolved by binding arbitration, rather than in court, except that you may assert claims in small claims court if your claims qualify. the federal arbitration act and federal arbitration law apply to this agreement. the venue for any dispute hereunder shall be in sarasota county, florida or the place of business of a third party manufacturer, as the case may be. if for any reason a claim proceeds in court rather than in arbitration, we each waive any right to a jury trial.  by using any dutchcrafters service, you agree that the federal arbitration act, applicable federal law, and the laws of the state of florida, without regard to principles of conflict of laws, will govern these terms and conditions and any dispute of any sort that might arise between you and dutchcrafters. for any dispute hereunder, the prevailing party shall be entitled to receive a reimbursement for fees and costs, including attorney’s fees, arbitration fees and costs, and court costs, if any.  please review our other policies posted on this site. we reserve the right to make changes to our site, policies, terms of service, and these terms and conditions at any time. if any of these conditions shall be deemed invalid, void, or for any reason unenforceable, that condition shall be deemed severable and shall not affect the validity and enforceability of any remaining condition. privacy dutchcrafters is committed to maintaining the security of your private information. we respect your right to know how we collect, use, and store your information. for a detailed account of these policies, please see our privacy policy. acceptance of terms provision for phone orders by placing this order, you acknowledge that you agree to the terms and conditions specified at dutchcrafters.com or available by mail upon request. dutchcrafters giveaway sweepstakes official rules no purchase necessary to enter or win. a purchase does not increase your chances of winning. void where prohibited. dutchcrafters giveaway sweepstakes ("promotion") begins at time of post release, and ends at 11:59pm pst the published final day of promotions. see specific ad for promotion for specific date.the computer clock of the sponsor is the official time-keeping device in the promotion. each entrant hereby represents and warrants that such entrant is at least 18 years of age and that such entrant has read these official rules and is familiar with and agrees to its contents. if entrant is not at least 18 years of age and does not agree to these official rules, do not participate in this promotion. eligibility: the promotion is open only to legal residents of the 50 united states and the district of columbia (excludes guam, puerto rico and all other u.s. territories and possessions), who are 18 years of age or older at the time of promotion registration. employees, officers and directors of dutchcrafters (the "sponsor"), and sponsor's parent, affiliates, subsidiaries, and advertising, contest, fulfillment and marketing agencies (all of such entities (including, but not limited to, the sponsor) are collectively referred to herein as the, "promotion parties"), their immediate families (parent, child, sibling & spouse and their respective spouses, regardless of where they reside) and persons living in the same households as such individuals (whether related or not) are not eligible to participate in the promotion. by participating, you agree to these official rules and to the decisions of the sponsor, which are final and binding in all respects. void where prohibited by law, rule or regulation. all applicable federal, state and local laws and regulations apply. how to enter the sweepstakes: to enter the promotion, you must submit your valid email address entry at www.dutchcrafters.com/giveaways/ (the "web site") by 11:59 pm pst the final date of the promotion. please see specific ad for specific date. limit of one (1) entry per person, per email address during the promotion period. prizes, drawings & odds of winning:a total of one (1) prize (the "prize") will be selected in electronic, randomized drawings. the drawing for the prize (described below) will be held on the date describe din the advertisement for the promotion. the drawing will be from all eligible entries received each day throughout the promotion period. the drawing will be conducted by sponsor, whose decisions are final and binding in all matters relating to this promotion. odds of winning depend on the number of eligible entries received. prizes: one (1) prize will be awarded for each promotion. the prize will consist of the product mention in the advertisement for the promotion. prize may include multiple home goods products. the approximate retail value ("arv") of the prize during a promotion is up to $100. *for the prize, the home goods products’ style, color and size are subject to in-stock availability. any applicable taxes are the sole responsibility of the winner. winner notification: potential winner will receive prize notification and prize claim information via email within forty-eight (48) hours after the drawing, or as soon thereafter as reasonably practicable. sponsor is not responsible for any change in entrant's telephone number, mailing address, and/or email. prize won by an eligible entrant who is a minor in his or her state of residence may be awarded to a minor's parent or legal guardian who must sign and return all documents. winner (or winner's parent/legal guardian if winner is a minor) will have seven (7) calendar days from time of receipt of winning notification to confirm that the notification has been received in order to claim his/her prize. a potential winner is subject to verification, including verification of age. if such potential winner cannot be contacted within a reasonable time period, if the potential winner is ineligible, if any notification is returned undeliverable, or if the potential winner otherwise fails to fully comply with these official rules, he/she will forfeit that prize and, if time permits, an alternate winner will be selected from among all remaining entries for that drawing. if everything above is basically the fine print, then this next section is the really fine print. we promise that there’s nothing fishy going on in all the legalese, but you’re welcome to take a gander: dutchcrafters customer use of our website is governed by our terms and conditions. use of dutchcrafters website constitutes a customer's agreement and acceptance to all our terms and conditions. if you do not accept and agree to these terms and conditions, please do not use our website. these terms and conditions are legally binding. we may modify our terms and conditions at any time. revisions will be posted to our website and will be effective at that time. please review our terms and conditions often for updates. prices all of our products are priced in u.s. dollars and are official only in the united states. our website will only calculate shipping for u.s. domestic shipments, excluding alaska, hawaii, puerto rico as well as canada. we can ship into these areas, but shipping rates are based on weight and destination and some additional charges may apply. please contact one of our sales associates for a shipping quote on orders into alaska, hawaii, puerto rico, canada and other international destinations. we are not responsible for duty fees or any other customs fees that may be applied during shipment. dutchcrafters' sale codes are valid for new orders only. orders placed before the sale code is published and/or after the sale code is expired are not eligible for sale code pricing. dutchcrafters' sale codes are not combinable. please give your furniture specialist a call at 866.272.6773 with questions regarding sale or promotion availability for your order. accuracy although dutchcrafters makes all attempts to present accurate and reliable content, there may be typographical inaccuracy or errors in product descriptions, availability or pricing. we reserve the right to correct this error at any time with no notice before or after an order is placed. dutchcrafters, its partners or employees cannot be held liable for any loss or damage caused by customer dependence on information acquired from our website. it is the customer's responsibility to evaluate the information on our website. indemnity customer' agree to indemnify and hold harmless dutchcrafters and its employees from any liability, claims, costs, and expenses alleging or resulting from customers' use of the dutchcrafters website in violation or breach of the terms and conditions. acknowledgement and changes the terms and conditions represent an understanding between the customer and dutchcrafters. customers agree to be bound by the terms and conditions when using any area of the dutchcrafters website. dutchcrafters reserves the right to change the terms and conditions at any time. if we make a change to the term and conditions, we will place those updates on this page and they will become valid upon posting. applicable laws any claim relating to this website, the services provided through this website or the content shall be governed by the internal substantive laws of the state of florida. terms and conditions contact we welcome customer's feedback and questions on our terms and conditions or website. please contact us via mail at the address below, email us at customerservice@dutchcrafters.com or call us at 1-866-272-6773. dutchcrafters 3709 north lockwood ridge road sarasota, fl 34234 email: customerservice@dutchcrafters.com toll free: 1-866-272-6773 phone: 941-377-5112 fax: 941-377-7870 last updated wednesday, november 9, 2016. our company contact us contract furniture sales about dutchcrafters made in america general information terms & conditions shipping our resources blog learning center videos our products testimonials new arrivals shop by styles shop by collections site map products a to z sign up for sale + new arrivals follow us facebook twitter google+ youtube pinterest instagram tumblr office: 941-377-5112 toll free: 1-866-272-6773 email:questions@dutchcrafters.com 3709 n. lockwood ridge road, sarasota, florida 34234 *promotion pricing and discounts must be used at time of purchase | promotion pricing valid only for duration of promotion | promotion pricing and discounts not valid on berlin gardens or barkman furniture collection items | promotions, discounts, sales or coupons cannot be combined © copyrights 2003 - 2017 dutchcrafters all rights reserved. recently viewed items 1/14/2017 9:12:45 pm