来源URL: https://web.archive.org/web/20181231044453/https://www.dutchcrafters.com/content/shipping/
================================================================================

shipping and delivery process for dutchcrafters amish furniture sale store open. call now! 866-272-6773 samples about furniture delivery your shopping experience about dutchcrafters business sales our store resources frequently asked questions learning center dutchcrafters videos timber to table blog customer testimonials shop the look shop by style account customer id: wishlist my profile dashboard order tracking shop about resources account dining & kitchen living bedroom office outdoor children decor entryway home improvement quick shipmore dining & kitchendining tablesleg tablespedestal tablespub tablestrestle tablesview alldining chairs & seatingbar stools & counter chairsdining benchesdining chairsview alldining storagebuffets & sideboardscorner hutcheshutchesview allkitchen islandsview alldining room setsview allkitchen accessoriesbread boxescooking essentialskitchen essentialskitchen step stoolstable care & decortrash binsview allkitchen storagecupboards & cabinetsdry sinksjelly cabinetsmicrowave standspie safesvegetable binsview allbars & wine storagebar cabinetsbar carts & serving cartswine racks & cabinetsview allbreakfast nooks setsview allall dining room furniture shop the look shop by style livingaccent tablescoffee tablesconsole & hall tablesend tableslift-top tablesmagazine racksnesting tablesplant & phone standssofa serverssofa tablesview allliving room seatingchairs & reclinersottomans & footstoolsrocking chairs & gliderssofas & sectionalsview alltv stands & entertainment centersentertainment centerstv standsview allmedia storagecd & dvd storagestereo cabinetsview allgame room furnituregame tablespool table accessoriespool tables & billiardsview allcurio cabinetsview allall living room furniture shop the look shop by style bedroombedsbookcase bedscanopy bedsday bedsmurphy bedspanel bedsplatform bedspost bedssleigh bedsstorage bedsupholstered bedswindsor bedsview allbed headboardsview allbedroom storagearmoires & wardrobeschest of drawersdresserslingerie chestsmule chestsnight standsview allstorage chestsblanket chestscedar hope cheststrunkswooden hope chestsview allbedroom accessoriesbed stepsbedroom benchescheval mirrors & wall mirrorsjewelry chests & armoiresquilt racksquilts & beddingvanities & dressing tablesview allbedroom sets mission shaker colonial mid century modern view allall bedroom furniture shop the look shop by style officedesksarmoire deskscomputer deskscredenza desksexecutive deskspartner desksroll top deskssecretary desksstanding deskswriting desksview alloffice storagebookcasescredenzasfiling cabinetsview alldesk chairsview alloffice accessoriesletter holderspodiums & lecternsprinter standview allconference tablesview allwooden gun cabinets & safesview allall office furniture outdooroutdoor lounge furnitureaccent tablesadirondack chairsbencheschaise loungesgliderslounge chairsottomanspatio lounge setsporch rockersporch swingssetteessofas, sectionals & loveseatsview alloutdoor structuresarborsbridgescupolasfencespavilionspergolassheds & barnstrellisesview alloutdoor dining furniturebar setsbar stoolsbarsdining benchesdining chairsdining setsdining tablespicnic tablespub tablesview alloutdoor pet & animal suppliesbird suppliesdog houses & kennelsrabbit pens & cagesurban chicken coopsview allbackyard playkid’s outdoor furnitureplayhousessandboxesswing setsview alloutdoor decor & accessoriesbarn starscarts & wheelbarrowsfire pitslighthousesmailboxesreenactment cannonswind chimeswindmillswishing wellsview alllawn & garden accessoriesplanterspotting benchesview allall outdoor furniture shop the look shop by style childrenplayroom, toys & kid's giftsamerican girl doll furniturewooden toysboard gamesoutdoor gamesplay kitchenspuzzlesrocking horsesview allkid's furniturekid’s bedskid’s bunk beds & loftskid’s chairskid’s dresserskid’s rocking chairskid’s tableskid's bencheskid's chest of drawerskid's nightstandsview allbaby furniturechanging tablescribs, cradles, & conversion bedshigh chairsnursery furniture setsview allkid's storage & studykid's bookcasestoy storage chestsyouth & student desksview allall children furniture decorwall decorart & wall hangingscalendar framesdisplay casesquilted wall hangingsview alllamps & lighting fixtureslampslighting fixturesview allclocksgrandfather clocksmantle clockswall clocksview allhome accentsaccent shelvingbaskets & cratesbook endssoy candlesview allpet furniturewood litter boxes & enclosuresbowls & feedersdog bedspet gatespet memorialpet stepsview allstoragelaundry hamperstoilet paper and tissue holderstowel holderstowel racksview allview all decor entrywayentryway furniturecoat hookscoat racksfoyer hall trees & bencheskey cabinetswooden canes & walking sticksview allhome improvementimprovement furniturebathroom vanitiesfabrics by the yardfireplacesfurniture caresample kitssliding barn doorsview allrusticrustic & reclaimed furniturehickory furniturelog furniturelive edge furniturereclaimed barnwood furniturerough-sawn furniturequick ship furniture delivery your shopping experience about dutchcrafters business sales our store stain samples frequently asked questions learning center dutchcrafters videos timber to table blog customer testimonials shop the look shop by style customer id: wishlist my profile dashboard order tracking preparing for your amish furniture delivery thank you for your interest in dutchcrafters amish furniture! we want to ensure that your positive experience with dutchcrafters continues throughout the shipping and delivery process. our shipping and delivery procedures vary according to your order and also according to your preferences. we understand that you’re anxious to receive your order and may have questions, so we try to make the process as simple as possible. whenever you want to speak to someone about your order, you’re welcome to call us at 866-272-6773 or email us at delivery@dutchcrafters.com. flat-rate shipping standard delivery dutchcrafters offers $249 flat-rate standard shipping for final destinations in the contiguous united states on an entire order of qualifying products. we also have a few products that have free standard shipping. this rate applies when an entire order is shipped together. separately shipped items may incur an additional shipping fee. this shipping method includes standard outside delivery only. your furniture will arrive on a truck with one driver. it will be taken off the truck and placed within your property, but not carried inside your home or office. you are responsible for bringing the furniture inside. when your order is ready for shipping, the delivery company will contact you directly to set up an arrival time. most of these delivery companies are blanket-wrap shippers. this means that the furniture is primarily wrapped in blankets instead of boxes and other packaging material. this produces less waste while providing better protection for the furniture. if final delivery is outside the contiguous united states, please call for shipping costs. the flat-rate shipping fee does not apply to large b2b sales. a shipping quote will be provided for large b2b orders. white glove inside delivery for qualified orders, dutchcrafters offers flat-rate white glove inside delivery service for an additional $150. with this delivery option, one or two drivers will unload every piece and carefully unpack them. they’ll bring the pieces into the correct rooms of your home or office, then will perform light assembly. finally, they’ll even clear your home or office of wrapping materials. it’s our most personal, valuable way to ensure your satisfaction, and the perfect way to welcome your new heirloom to the family. if you would like inside delivery and setup, please contact our delivery team at 866-272-6773 or delivery@dutchcrafters.com to arrange for our white glove inside delivery service before we begin scheduling your delivery. after we begin scheduling your delivery, we cannot add the white glove inside delivery service and the standard delivery guidelines will apply to your order. there are some locations where inside delivery is not available. flat-rate delivery process our furniture can take anywhere from 6-16 weeks to complete and 2-3 weeks for delivery depending on the shipping company. please check your order status page for an estimated completion date. please remember that our amish woodworkers craft your furniture by hand, and these completion dates are approximate and are subject to change. once your order is complete, we will send an email to you with delivery details. our professional standard and inside delivery shippers handle and ship our furniture very carefully. the company that will deliver your furniture will contact you prior to delivery to schedule the delivery appointment and to go over the process. our shippers make deliveries during standard business hours, monday through friday, 8 a.m. to 5 p.m. some weekend and evening deliveries may occur. our shippers will do their best to accommodate your schedule, but we cannot guarantee a specific time or day. flat-rate delivery information if the customer chooses to delay receiving their furniture, dutchcrafters may need to transfer the merchandise into storage. the customer will be responsible for the cost of the storage fees. circumstances that delay your furniture delivery may arise that are beyond our shippers’ control – these include weather, traffic, natural disasters, and other uncontrollable events. someone must be present during the delivery. if you have a delivery appointment with a shipper and fail to keep that appointment, you may be charged additional redelivery/storage fees and your delivery may be delayed. some pieces do not ship completely assembled, or may come in two pieces – such as leg tables or large hutches. please note that the driver will not put together any cribs, dressers with mirrors, or furniture that needs to be mounted to the wall, even with white glove inside delivery service. it’s important to remember that we do not offer refunds on shipping costs or returns on furniture that doesn’t fit in your home or office, through doorways, in an elevator, or up the staircase, so advance planning is essential. some pieces of furniture are too large to fit through narrow spaces, angles or sharp turns and cannot be delivered into the room of your choice. we cannot raise furniture inside windows or remove windows or doors. we do not disassemble, move, or otherwise dispose of existing furniture in your home. prepare the room(s) that are receiving furniture by removing rugs, securing or removing low-hanging light fixtures or chandeliers, and moving other pieces of furniture out of the way. pets should be secured in other rooms. the service does not include this prep work. both standard and white glove inside delivery require the following: the road must be paved. the road must be a minimum of 10 feet wide. there cannot be any low hanging branches on the road, and there must be a clearance of at least 14 feet. the street must have no vehicle weight restrictions. the road cannot have sharp turns or curves. drivers must be able to safely turn around after they complete delivery. contact us at 866-272-6773 prior to delivery scheduling if your home or business location is difficult to reach, or if any of the above restrictions apply. we will work out a way to deliver your furniture, but please be aware that this may result in additional charges and/or delays. if you need to change your shipping address after the shipping process has started, there may be a reconsignment fee. inspecting your furniture all of our furniture is insured for shipping and carefully packaged for protection. it is your responsibility to inspect your furniture to ensure that it has not been damaged. please unpack the furniture before the shipper leaves to ensure that there is no damage. insurance will not cover the damage if it is not noted at the time of delivery. if possible, please contact us at the time of delivery if the furniture is damaged. if it is after business hours or we cannont be reached, please inform the driver but accept delivery of the furniture. then contact us during business hours, and we will work with you on the most appropriate solution for the damage your piece received. damages not reported within three days will not be covered. please email photos of damages along with your order number to customerservice@dutchcrafters.com. ground or freight shipping most non-furniture and outdoor items, as well as a few furniture pieces, will arrive via common carrier. some of these products ship free. others have a shipping cost that is determined by weight and location, as well as handling and packaging fees, and is calculated at checkout. some freight shipments require the customer to take the products off the truck. a lift gate is not included. a lift gate is a device that will lower the product from the truck to the ground. if you need a lift gate to assist you, it is available for an additional $75. if you have any questions about this, please contact us at 866-272-6773. general guidelines we cannot deliver to a po box. taxes may apply, depending on the state. additional fees may apply for remote locations or locations that require a ferry. one more thing dutchcrafters is committed to keeping you informed about the status of your order, and delivering your new furniture to your home or business in perfect condition. if you are not completely satisfied, let our award-winning customer service team know as soon as possible, so that they can provide a solution. if you have any questions about the status of your order or its delivery or have special shipping requests, please feel free to contact one of our delivery specialists between 8:00 a.m. and 5:00 p.m. est, monday through friday at 866-272-6773 or email delivery@dutchcrafters.com. our company about dutchcrafters contact us our store business sales made in america terms & conditions furniture delivery a jmx brands store our resources learning center timber to table blog video library frequently asked questions customer testimonials furniture care our products new arrivals shop by styles shop the look shop by collections stain and fabric samples site map follow us facebook twitter youtube pinterest instagram tumblr office: 941-377-5112  |  toll free: 1-866-272-6773  |  email:questions@dutchcrafters.com  |  3709 n. lockwood ridge road, sarasota, florida 34234 *promotion pricing and discounts must be used at time of purchase  |  promotion pricing valid only for duration of promotion  |  promotion pricing and discounts not valid on berlin gardens, luxcraft, or barkman furniture collection items  |  promotions, discounts, sales or coupons cannot be combined © copyrights 2003 - 2019 dutchcrafters all rights reserved. recently viewed items