来源URL: https://web.archive.org/web/20181231044453/https://www.dutchcrafters.com/content/terms-and-conditions/
================================================================================

terms and conditions - dutchcrafters amish furniture sale store open. call now! 866-272-6773 samples about furniture delivery your shopping experience about dutchcrafters business sales our store resources frequently asked questions learning center dutchcrafters videos timber to table blog customer testimonials shop the look shop by style account customer id: wishlist my profile dashboard order tracking shop about resources account dining & kitchen living bedroom office outdoor children decor entryway home improvement quick shipmore dining & kitchendining tablesleg tablespedestal tablespub tablestrestle tablesview alldining chairs & seatingbar stools & counter chairsdining benchesdining chairsview alldining storagebuffets & sideboardscorner hutcheshutchesview allkitchen islandsview alldining room setsview allkitchen accessoriesbread boxescooking essentialskitchen essentialskitchen step stoolstable care & decortrash binsview allkitchen storagecupboards & cabinetsdry sinksjelly cabinetsmicrowave standspie safesvegetable binsview allbars & wine storagebar cabinetsbar carts & serving cartswine racks & cabinetsview allbreakfast nooks setsview allall dining room furniture shop the look shop by style livingaccent tablescoffee tablesconsole & hall tablesend tableslift-top tablesmagazine racksnesting tablesplant & phone standssofa serverssofa tablesview allliving room seatingchairs & reclinersottomans & footstoolsrocking chairs & gliderssofas & sectionalsview alltv stands & entertainment centersentertainment centerstv standsview allmedia storagecd & dvd storagestereo cabinetsview allgame room furnituregame tablespool table accessoriespool tables & billiardsview allcurio cabinetsview allall living room furniture shop the look shop by style bedroombedsbookcase bedscanopy bedsday bedsmurphy bedspanel bedsplatform bedspost bedssleigh bedsstorage bedsupholstered bedswindsor bedsview allbed headboardsview allbedroom storagearmoires & wardrobeschest of drawersdresserslingerie chestsmule chestsnight standsview allstorage chestsblanket chestscedar hope cheststrunkswooden hope chestsview allbedroom accessoriesbed stepsbedroom benchescheval mirrors & wall mirrorsjewelry chests & armoiresquilt racksquilts & beddingvanities & dressing tablesview allbedroom sets mission shaker colonial mid century modern view allall bedroom furniture shop the look shop by style officedesksarmoire deskscomputer deskscredenza desksexecutive deskspartner desksroll top deskssecretary desksstanding deskswriting desksview alloffice storagebookcasescredenzasfiling cabinetsview alldesk chairsview alloffice accessoriesletter holderspodiums & lecternsprinter standview allconference tablesview allwooden gun cabinets & safesview allall office furniture outdooroutdoor lounge furnitureaccent tablesadirondack chairsbencheschaise loungesgliderslounge chairsottomanspatio lounge setsporch rockersporch swingssetteessofas, sectionals & loveseatsview alloutdoor structuresarborsbridgescupolasfencespavilionspergolassheds & barnstrellisesview alloutdoor dining furniturebar setsbar stoolsbarsdining benchesdining chairsdining setsdining tablespicnic tablespub tablesview alloutdoor pet & animal suppliesbird suppliesdog houses & kennelsrabbit pens & cagesurban chicken coopsview allbackyard playkid’s outdoor furnitureplayhousessandboxesswing setsview alloutdoor decor & accessoriesbarn starscarts & wheelbarrowsfire pitslighthousesmailboxesreenactment cannonswind chimeswindmillswishing wellsview alllawn & garden accessoriesplanterspotting benchesview allall outdoor furniture shop the look shop by style childrenplayroom, toys & kid's giftsamerican girl doll furniturewooden toysboard gamesoutdoor gamesplay kitchenspuzzlesrocking horsesview allkid's furniturekid’s bedskid’s bunk beds & loftskid’s chairskid’s dresserskid’s rocking chairskid’s tableskid's bencheskid's chest of drawerskid's nightstandsview allbaby furniturechanging tablescribs, cradles, & conversion bedshigh chairsnursery furniture setsview allkid's storage & studykid's bookcasestoy storage chestsyouth & student desksview allall children furniture decorwall decorart & wall hangingscalendar framesdisplay casesquilted wall hangingsview alllamps & lighting fixtureslampslighting fixturesview allclocksgrandfather clocksmantle clockswall clocksview allhome accentsaccent shelvingbaskets & cratesbook endssoy candlesview allpet furniturewood litter boxes & enclosuresbowls & feedersdog bedspet gatespet memorialpet stepsview allstoragelaundry hamperstoilet paper and tissue holderstowel holderstowel racksview allview all decor entrywayentryway furniturecoat hookscoat racksfoyer hall trees & bencheskey cabinetswooden canes & walking sticksview allhome improvementimprovement furniturebathroom vanitiesfabrics by the yardfireplacesfurniture caresample kitssliding barn doorsview allrusticrustic & reclaimed furniturehickory furniturelog furniturelive edge furniturereclaimed barnwood furniturerough-sawn furniturequick ship furniture delivery your shopping experience about dutchcrafters business sales our store stain samples frequently asked questions learning center dutchcrafters videos timber to table blog customer testimonials shop the look shop by style customer id: wishlist my profile dashboard order tracking terms and conditions ordering we at dutchcrafters want you to rest assured in your purchases with us, and are here to assist you every step of the way. whether you choose our fast and simple online ordering system, or you would rather let one of our furniture specialists guide you over the phone, dutchcrafters is committed to bringing you the exact piece that you envision. remember, your furniture will be built just for you. as such, we cannot allow returns on furniture orders. from local lumber sourcing to custom hand-finishing, your purchase from dutchcrafters is unique to you and to your story. secure internet online ordering customers can shop and purchase on our website with assurance, knowing that we’ve taken the security and safety measures to keep customers’ personal contact information safe. all of our customer information is safely and securely stored. we maintain pci compliance at all times. when you click to submit the payment, the payment information is encrypted using 128-bit ssl technology. when the authorization process is complete, you’ll receive an approval or decline response. when you order over the telephone with one our sales representatives, we do not store any credit card data in plain text format. we also accept payments by check or money orders for our customers that prefer this option. to learn more about authorize.net, click here. sales tax dutchcrafters is required to collect sales tax on purchases shipped into the following states: arizona, arkansas, california, colorado, florida, georgia, idaho, illinois, indiana, iowa, kansas, kentucky, louisiana, maryland, massachusetts, michigan, minnesota, nebraska, nevada, new jersey, new mexico, new york, north carolina, north dakota, ohio, oklahoma, pennsylvania, rhode island, south carolina, south dakota, tennessee, texas, utah, vermont, virginia, washington, west virginia, wisconsin and wyoming. payment options we know that quality furniture like ours is an investment, and we’ll work with you to make that investment happen. one possibility is to start with a deposit of just 30%, then make another 30% payment in four weeks (don’t worry, we’ll remind you via email), then pay the 40% balance prior to shipping. this is available for orders over $3,000 that take longer than four weeks to complete. orders less than $3,000 or products that ship within four weeks do not qualify. questions? ask us! payment methods there are several methods you can use to make your payment to start your order: online visa, mastercard, discover, american express: the payee that will appear on your credit card statement is dutchcrafters.com. paypal electronic check: we accept personal or corporate checks online through ach online processing. simply select this option at checkout, then enter your routing number, account number and check number for convenient payment by check. mail a check over-the-phone though purchasing online is safe and secure, we welcome your orders by phone. if you would like to make your purchase by telephone, for any reason, please do not hesitate to call us toll free at 866-272-6773. we’ll have someone available to help you with your questions and place your order. we accept these forms of payment with purchases made via the phone. money order, certified or paper check: make check payments to “dutchcrafters” and mail to: dutchcrafters, 3709 north lockwood ridge rd., sarasota, fl 34234 wire transfer: we accept nearly any form of payment in u.s. funds, including international wire transfers. all international transactions must be paid via wire transfer or cashier’s check in u.s. funds. visa, mastercard, discover, american express paypal electronic check coupons and promotions promotion pricing, coupons, and discounts must be used at time of purchase. promotion pricing, coupons and discounts are valid only for the duration of the promotion. promotion pricing, coupons, and discounts are not valid on berlin gardens, luxcraft or barkman items. promotions, discounts, sales or coupons cannot be combined. cancellations refund requests will be granted for cancellations occurring up to 48 hours after you place your order. cancellations after that will be reviewed on a case-by-case basis, but you should be aware that work on your piece may have already begun if your purchase included furniture, or (in non-furniture purchases) your product may have already shipped. we typically do not accept cancellations in these cases. a 25% restocking fee may be charged for canceled orders. delivery please click here for more information on shipping and delivery. returns our amish woodworkers labor to make each handcrafted piece exactly as requested, from hand cutting to hand sanding and finishing. all furniture purchases are made to your specifications, so the sale is final. as such, please review your order to verify that it is correct and to be certain that your choice of furniture will fit into its intended room. please remember that it will need to fit through all doorways and stairways. in the unusual case that a piece of furniture is accepted for return, it will be subject to a 25% restocking fee. non-furniture items, such as decor items, are subject to a 20% restocking fee. our shipping fees are non-refundable, and you will be responsible for return freight. warranty at dutchcrafters, we stand behind our amish furniture. every piece of furniture we sell comes with a one year residential-use warranty against defects in materials and workmanship. if, within one year of receiving your item, it is determined that the material or workmanship is defective, we will repair or replace the item. dutchcrafters will assist customers with claims relating to items that are manufactured by third parties. please be prepared to send pictures to us (via email) that show the problem, so that we can assess what needs to be done. normal use and wear, misuse, commercial use, and seasonal wood movement and splits are not included in this warranty. this limited warranty covers defects in materials and workmanship and does not include damages to property or person caused by the misuse, improper installation, or lack of care of the item. some of our amish woodworkers offer extended warranties or lifetime warranties. the customer may be responsible for freight charges on items repaired or replaced under warranty. warranties are not transferable. please contact one of our amish furniture specialists with further questions regarding the warranties on our furniture. customer service we strive to make every part of your experience with dutchcrafters simple and hassle-free. this level of customer service is evidenced in many ways, like our longstanding a+ rating with the better business bureau, or the thousands of positive customer reviews right here on our site. we want to remain at this level, so if something goes wrong, we want to know about it and make it right, just as soon as possible. our customer service team can be reached at customerservice@dutchcrafters.com or 866-272-6773. disputes in the event of a dispute regarding an item made by a third party woodworker that you purchased through dutchcrafters that is not resolved through the limited warranty, occurs outside of the limited warranty period, is not covered by the limited warranty or involves any other dispute, you must resolve such dispute directly with the manufacturer. any dispute or claim relating in any way to any products sold or distributed through dutchcrafters will be resolved by binding arbitration, rather than in court, except that you may assert claims in small claims court if your claims qualify. the federal arbitration act and federal arbitration law apply to this agreement. the venue for any dispute hereunder shall be in sarasota county, florida or the place of business of a third party manufacturer, as the case may be. if for any reason a claim proceeds in court rather than in arbitration, we each waive any right to a jury trial.  by using any dutchcrafters service, you agree that the federal arbitration act, applicable federal law, and the laws of the state of florida, without regard to principles of conflict of laws, will govern these terms and conditions and any dispute of any sort that might arise between you and dutchcrafters. for any dispute hereunder, the prevailing party shall be entitled to receive a reimbursement for fees and costs, including attorney’s fees, arbitration fees and costs, and court costs, if any.  please review our other policies posted on this site. we reserve the right to make changes to our site, policies, terms of service, and these terms and conditions at any time. if any of these conditions shall be deemed invalid, void, or for any reason unenforceable, that condition shall be deemed severable and shall not affect the validity and enforceability of any remaining condition. consent to receive communication by creating an account, setting up a wishlist or purchasing from us, you agree that you may receive email communications from dutchcrafters, which may include newsletters, promotions, helpful tips, or updates on your order or account. you also understand that you can remove yourself from these communications by clicking the email preferences link in the footer of the emails you receive. you also agree that you may receive phone calls from us regarding your product interests or purchases. our goal is to help you with your furniture decisions and to make your purchasing experience the best possible. privacy dutchcrafters is committed to maintaining the security of your private information. we respect your right to know how we collect, use, and store your information. for a detailed account of these policies, please see our privacy policy. copyright notice all of the material and content on dutchcrafters.com is the exclusive property of dutchcrafters. customers may print selected portions of the website content, but only if they are used for personal and non-commercial use. dutchcrafters content is not to be copied or posted on any network computer, posted on other websites or used in any other medium in any appearance. dutchcrafters has total title and full intellectual property rights in any material that is downloaded from our websites. unless for personal and non-commercial use, dutchcrafters content may not be copied, downloaded, duplicated, altered, published, dispensed, broadcasted, removed or plagiarized without first obtaining written authorization from dutchcrafters. unlawful solicitation customers may not use content from dutchcrafters to send unsolicited advertising, promotional material, or other forms of solicitation. registered trademarks dutchcrafters is a registered trademark of jmx brands. online conduct the dutchcrafters website is to only be used for lawful intentions. we set aside the right to ban or eliminate behavior or communication that we feel is hurtful and destructive to users, dutchcrafters or violates the law. dutchcrafters, our partners, employees and merchants shall assume no liability for any action or inaction with respect to conduct, communication or contact on the dutchcrafters website. website users are prohibited from posting or transmitting through dutchcrafters any unlawful, harmful, racially, ethnically or otherwise objectionable material of any kind. acceptance of terms provision for phone orders by placing this order, you acknowledge that you agree to the terms and conditions specified at dutchcrafters.com or available by mail upon request. dutchcrafters customer use of our website is governed by our terms and conditions. use of dutchcrafters website constitutes a customer’s agreement and acceptance to all our terms and conditions. prices all of our products are priced in u.s. dollars and are official only in the united states. prices are subject to change without notice. our website will only calculate shipping for u.s. domestic shipments, excluding alaska, hawaii and puerto rico. we can ship into these areas, but shipping rates are based on weight and destination and some additional charges may apply. please contact one of our sales associates for a shipping quote on orders into alaska, hawaii, puerto rico, canada and other international destinations. we are not responsible for duty fees or any other customs fees that may be applied during shipment. accuracy although dutchcrafters makes all attempts to present accurate and reliable content, there may be typographical inaccuracy or errors in product descriptions, availability or pricing. we reserve the right to correct this error at any time with no notice before or after an order is placed. dutchcrafters, its partners or employees cannot be held liable for any loss or damage caused by customer dependence on information acquired from our website. it is the customer’s responsibility to evaluate the information on our website. indemnity customers agree to indemnify and hold harmless dutchcrafters and its employees from any liability, claims, costs, and expenses alleging or resulting from customers’ use of the dutchcrafters website in violation or breach of the terms and conditions. acknowledgment and changes the terms and conditions represent an understanding between the customer and dutchcrafters. customers agree to be bound by the terms and conditions when using any area of the dutchcrafters website. dutchcrafters reserves the right to change the terms and conditions at any time. if we make a change to the term and conditions, we will place those updates on this page and they will become valid upon posting. applicable laws any claim relating to this website, the services provided through this website or the content shall be governed by the internal substantive laws of the state of florida. contact we welcome customer feedback and questions. please contact us via mail at the address below, email us at customerservice@dutchcrafters.com or call us at 1-866-272-6773. dutchcrafters 3709 north lockwood ridge road sarasota, fl 34234 email: customerservice@dutchcrafters.com toll free: 1-866-272-6773 phone: 941-377-5112 fax: 941-377-7870 our company about dutchcrafters contact us our store business sales made in america terms & conditions furniture delivery a jmx brands store our resources learning center timber to table blog video library frequently asked questions customer testimonials furniture care our products new arrivals shop by styles shop the look shop by collections stain and fabric samples site map follow us facebook twitter youtube pinterest instagram tumblr office: 941-377-5112  |  toll free: 1-866-272-6773  |  email:questions@dutchcrafters.com  |  3709 n. lockwood ridge road, sarasota, florida 34234 *promotion pricing and discounts must be used at time of purchase  |  promotion pricing valid only for duration of promotion  |  promotion pricing and discounts not valid on berlin gardens, luxcraft, or barkman furniture collection items  |  promotions, discounts, sales or coupons cannot be combined © copyrights 2003 - 2019 dutchcrafters all rights reserved. recently viewed items