来源URL: https://web.archive.org/web/20181231044453/https://www.dutchcrafters.com/blog/
================================================================================

timber to table - a blog by dutchcrafters sale store open. call now! 866-272-6773 samples about furniture delivery your shopping experience about dutchcrafters business sales our store resources frequently asked questions learning center dutchcrafters videos timber to table blog customer testimonials shop the look shop by style account customer id: wishlist my profile dashboard order tracking shop about resources account dining & kitchen living bedroom office outdoor children decor entryway home improvement quick ship more dining & kitchendining tablesleg tablespedestal tablespub tablestrestle tablesview alldining chairs & seatingbar stools & counter chairsdining benchesdining chairsview alldining storagebuffets & sideboardscorner hutcheshutchesview allkitchen islandsview alldining room setsview allkitchen accessoriesbread boxescooking essentialskitchen essentialskitchen step stoolstable care & decortrash binsview allkitchen storagecupboards & cabinetsdry sinksjelly cabinetsmicrowave standspie safesvegetable binsview allbars & wine storagebar cabinetsbar carts & serving cartswine racks & cabinetsview allbreakfast nooks setsview allall dining room furniture shop the look shop by style livingaccent tablescoffee tablesconsole & hall tablesend tableslift-top tablesmagazine racksnesting tablesplant & phone standssofa serverssofa tablesview allliving room seatingchairs & reclinersottomans & footstoolsrocking chairs & gliderssofas & sectionalsview alltv stands & entertainment centersentertainment centerstv standsview allmedia storagecd & dvd storagestereo cabinetsview allgame room furnituregame tablespool table accessoriespool tables & billiardsview allcurio cabinetsview allall living room furniture shop the look shop by style bedroombedsbookcase bedscanopy bedsday bedsmurphy bedspanel bedsplatform bedspost bedssleigh bedsstorage bedsupholstered bedswindsor bedsview allbed headboardsview allbedroom storagearmoires & wardrobeschest of drawersdresserslingerie chestsmule chestsnight standsview allstorage chestsblanket chestscedar hope cheststrunkswooden hope chestsview allbedroom accessoriesbed stepsbedroom benchescheval mirrors & wall mirrorsjewelry chests & armoiresquilt racksquilts & beddingvanities & dressing tablesview allbedroom sets mission shaker colonial mid century modern view allall bedroom furniture shop the look shop by style officedesksarmoire deskscomputer deskscredenza desksexecutive deskspartner desksroll top deskssecretary desksstanding deskswriting desksview alloffice storagebookcasescredenzasfiling cabinetsview alldesk chairsview alloffice accessoriesletter holderspodiums & lecternsprinter standview allconference tablesview allwooden gun cabinets & safesview allall office furniture outdooroutdoor lounge furnitureaccent tablesadirondack chairsbencheschaise loungesgliderslounge chairsottomanspatio lounge setsporch rockersporch swingssetteessofas, sectionals & loveseatsview alloutdoor structuresarborsbridgescupolasfencespavilionspergolassheds & barnstrellisesview alloutdoor dining furniturebar setsbar stoolsbarsdining benchesdining chairsdining setsdining tablespicnic tablespub tablesview alloutdoor pet & animal suppliesbird suppliesdog houses & kennelsrabbit pens & cagesurban chicken coopsview allbackyard playkid’s outdoor furnitureplayhousessandboxesswing setsview alloutdoor decor & accessoriesbarn starscarts & wheelbarrowsfire pitslighthousesmailboxesreenactment cannonswind chimeswindmillswishing wellsview alllawn & garden accessoriesplanterspotting benchesview allall outdoor furniture shop the look shop by style childrenplayroom, toys & kid's giftsamerican girl doll furniturewooden toysboard gamesoutdoor gamesplay kitchenspuzzlesrocking horsesview allkid's furniturekid’s bedskid’s bunk beds & loftskid’s chairskid’s dresserskid’s rocking chairskid’s tableskid's bencheskid's chest of drawerskid's nightstandsview allbaby furniturechanging tablescribs, cradles, & conversion bedshigh chairsnursery furniture setsview allkid's storage & studykid's bookcasestoy storage chestsyouth & student desksview allall children furniture decorwall decorart & wall hangingscalendar framesdisplay casesquilted wall hangingsview alllamps & lighting fixtureslampslighting fixturesview allclocksgrandfather clocksmantle clockswall clocksview allhome accentsaccent shelvingbaskets & cratesbook endssoy candlesview allpet furniturewood litter boxes & enclosuresbowls & feedersdog bedspet gatespet memorialpet stepsview allstoragelaundry hamperstoilet paper and tissue holderstowel holderstowel racksview allview all decor entrywayentryway furniturecoat hookscoat racksfoyer hall trees & bencheskey cabinetswooden canes & walking sticksview allhome improvementimprovement furniturebathroom vanitiesfabrics by the yardfireplacesfurniture caresample kitssliding barn doorsview allrusticrustic & reclaimed furniturehickory furniturelog furniturelive edge furniturereclaimed barnwood furniturerough-sawn furniturequick ship furniture delivery your shopping experience about dutchcrafters business sales our store stain samples frequently asked questions learning center dutchcrafters videos timber to table blog customer testimonials shop the look shop by style customer id: wishlist my profile dashboard order tracking latest posts books to escape with: some recommendations while you are home beth rice 23/04/2020 book list book recommendations books to escape with remember story time when you were a kid? whether it was at the local library, in the rocking chair with grandma, or tucked on the couch before bed with mom or dad, story time had that magical way of taking our minds to another place where the characters could just take us away…. we thought it might be a good time to share some good reads while we all need a little escape. here’s what… books to escape with: some recommendations while you are home read more books to escape with: some recommendations while you are home unusual amish communities beth rice 09/04/2020 amish communities amish community you might be surprised to hear that amish communities can and do differ. erik wesner, founder of amishamerica.com, a great source of information on everything amish, contributes this guest blog about how practices among amish communities vary. unusual amish communities by erik wesner the amish might at first glance seem like a uniform group of people. plain clothes, beards, buggies…yet within the 2500+ amish congregations, there is a surprising amount of variety. while all amish… unusual amish communities read more unusual amish communities tips for setting up a work from home space beth rice 02/04/2020 tips for working at home tips for working from home work from home work from home space working from home? we’re with you! looking to set up a work from home space that’s free of distractions, full of comfort and that you can adapt to easily? we can help. here are some tips for setting up your work from home space. setting up a work from home space choose wisely pick a designated workspace that will work with you and for you. this will be your hub of production, your area that… tips for setting up a work from home space read more tips for setting up a work from home space how to protect and care for outdoor wood furniture beth rice 26/03/2020 outdoor wood furniture wood outdoor furniture wooden outdoor furniture as we spend more time at home during this time of social distancing, some of those projects we always mean to get to can rise to the top of the list. like outdoor wood furniture. when was the last time you cleaned yours? to extend the life of your outdoor wood furniture, occasional cleaning is recommended. what’s the best way to go about cleaning it, and what are some tips to help protect it? let’s… how to protect and care for outdoor wood furniture read more how to protect and care for outdoor wood furniture 10 ways you can customize an amish wood desk beth rice 19/03/2020 amish desk amish wood desk hardwood desk real wood desk solid wood desk solid wood desks wood desk wood desks wooden desk amish wood desks are special. not just because they’re pretty and made with solid wood, but because they are customizable and customizations give you options. an amish wood desk can have the look, the features and the function that will serve you best. here are 10 ways you can customize an amish wood desk to be the desk you like to use, look at, own and pass on for generations to come. get ready.  it’s… 10 ways you can customize an amish wood desk read more 10 ways you can customize an amish wood desk 5 outdoor furniture trends for 2020 beth rice 12/03/2020 outdoor furniture outdoor wood furniture poly furniture poly outdoor furniture wooden outdoor furniture what’s happening this year with outdoor furniture? is poly outdoor furniture showcasing something new? are there new wooden outdoor furniture ideas? what are the looks for outdoors? we’re focusing on 5 outdoor furniture trends for 2020 featuring some fashionable poly outdoor furniture and wooden outdoor furniture for your home. 1. outdoor accent chairs take center stage a popular grouping for patio, porch or poolside features outdoor accent chairs taking center stage. you can create a… 5 outdoor furniture trends for 2020 read more 5 outdoor furniture trends for 2020 cedar vs. pine: which is best for outdoor furniture? beth rice 05/03/2020 cedar furniture cedar vs pine outdoor cedar furniture outdoor furniture outdoor wood furniture outdoor wooden furniture pine outdoor furniture so you’ve decided you like the look of outdoor wood furniture and perhaps you’ve heard of the qualities that cedar and pine outdoor furniture possess. how do you choose? what does one have that the other doesn’t? we’re taking a look at outdoor cedar furniture versus outdoor pine furniture to see which one has the edge. things to love about outdoor cedar furniture the shades of red outdoor cedar furniture displays shades of reddish/pinkish brown… cedar vs. pine: which is best for outdoor furniture? read more cedar vs. pine: which is best for outdoor furniture? 10 ways amish people travel beth rice 27/02/2020 amish culture amish life amish people amish transportation amish travel we are thrilled to have erik wesner, founder of amishamerica.com and author of success made simple: an inside look at why amish businesses thrive contributing to timber to table. erik has written several posts for us in years past, providing insight on different aspects of amish life. here erik contributes the various ways amish people get around, and it’s not always by horse and buggy! 10 ways amish people travel by erik wesner in our… 10 ways amish people travel read more 10 ways amish people travel why does it take so long to receive amish furniture? a slow furniture movement post beth rice 20/02/2020 amish furniture slow furniture slow furniture movement slow movement martin yoder from forks valley woodworking was speaking. as he stood in the conference room at our dutchcrafters corporate office in sarasota, florida telling us about a recent challenge with quarter sawn white oak wood, i thought, yes, this is what the slow furniture movement is about. forks valley woodworking, which makes dutchcrafters middlebury collection, is one of over 150 amish woodshops that makes amish furniture for dutchcrafters. they produce stunning wall units for living… why does it take so long to receive amish furniture? a slow furniture movement post read more why does it take so long to receive amish furniture? a slow furniture movement post the history of the loveseat beth rice 13/02/2020 amish loveseats loveseat loveseat recliner loveseats outdoor loveseats loveseats are loved for offering seating without taking up as much space as a sofa. they fit in small spaces and add color with attractive fabrics and leathers. originally designed for two people….. record scratch… wait. originally designed for what? loveseats in fact, were not originally called loveseats, they were just seats. and they weren’t originally designed for two people. loveseats were originally designed for a woman and…..her dress. that’s right, back in the victorian… the history of the loveseat read more the history of the loveseat distressed furniture: how old do you want it to look? beth rice 06/02/2020 distressed furniture distressing distressing techniques heavy distressing light distressing furniture that’s weathered and worn can feel like it has a story to tell. something aged like a dining table with nicks and worn edges that’s been loved and used feels familiar and welcoming. coffee tables that show signs of enduring the kids’ coloring and nicks from jenga spills indicate that they have been part of the family story for years. furniture with some age to it develops its own character. why choose distressing? distressed… distressed furniture: how old do you want it to look? read more distressed furniture: how old do you want it to look? 5 things that make an amish desk chair comfortable beth rice 30/01/2020 amish desk chair comfortable office chair desk chair office chair office desk chair while a desk is essential to supporting our work, we don’t sit in the desk. it’s understandable that significant funding can be put into the right desk for the job, but working at your desk can become unbearable if comfort is sacrificed. and the source of comfort for someone working a desk job 40-plus hours a week can be found in….an amish desk chair. what makes an amish desk chair comfortable the back support the… 5 things that make an amish desk chair comfortable read more 5 things that make an amish desk chair comfortable the urban barnwood collection beth rice 23/01/2020 barn wood furniture barnwood furniture reclaimed barnwood reclaimed barnwood furniture reclaimed wood reclaimed wood furniture urban barnwood sustainable, warm and unique, barnwood furniture is making its mark. at dutchcrafters, our amish woodworkers take pride in their sustainable practices and crafting with reclaimed wood embraces sustainability on a whole new level. while there’s no doubt barnwood furniture is beautiful, the story goes much deeper than just knocking down barns and making furniture out of them. the urban barnwood collection here at dutchcrafters is in high demand, and when jonathan fell, the sales manager… the urban barnwood collection read more the urban barnwood collection meet the sustainability committee at dutchcrafters beth rice 16/01/2020 slow furniture slow furniture movement sustainability sustainable sustainable practices one of the most disappointing things marina de sa nogueira, chair of the sustainability committee at dutchcrafters has heard is…. one person will not make a difference. one plastic bag or one straw is not going to matter. according to marina and the members of the dutchcrafters sustainability committee, one person can make a difference and a big one i learned as i sat down to chat with them in the dutchcrafters showroom. the sustainability… meet the sustainability committee at dutchcrafters read more meet the sustainability committee at dutchcrafters office desks that help declutter beth rice 09/01/2020 computer desk custom desk desk home office desk office desk office desks office furniture looking for an office desk that will do more for you in the new year? we’ve zeroed in on three office desks that bring a lot to the work space and that can help you get and stay organized in the new year. which office desk will help you the most? the computer desk if you have lots of computer and office equipment and not enough room to put it, a computer office desk could… office desks that help declutter read more office desks that help declutter posts navigation 1 2 … 27 next searchsearch by category about the amish amish country amish proverbs amish questions answered amish woodworkers amish furniture bedroom children decor and home improvement entryway kitchen and dining living and entertaining office outdoor pets furniture tips buying guides furniture history furniture styles wood types and finishes inspiration diy and decor holidays recipes staff picks older most recent posts books to escape with: some recommendations while you are home unusual amish communities tips for setting up a work from home space piquing our pinterestamish handcrafted saratoga writing desk unique and solid, the saratoga is a gorgeous desk to work from. you choose the wood and stain as well as custom features like power station, leather writing pad and more. #writingdesk #contemporarystyledesk #deskamish 72" artesa tv stand with three doors the shelves in the artesa are adjustable to accommodate your media collection. this tv stand will be a gorgeous addition to your living room or den. customize in the look you want with choice of wood, finish, door style and more. #tvstand #livingroomamish artesa barrister bookcase unique and stunning storage for books and keepsakes. you can customize the artesa with choice of wood, finish color. glass type and hardware. this bookcase is amish made in indiana. #barristerbookcase #bookcase #amishfurniture #forbooksamish rustic rough sawn brown maple houston bunk bed solid and sturdy rustic style bunk beds for kids room or guest room. choose a twin over twin combo or a full over twin size. #bunkbeds #amishbeds #amishfurniture our company about dutchcrafters contact us our store business sales made in america terms & conditions furniture delivery a jmx brands store our resources learning center timber to table blog video library frequently asked questions customer testimonials furniture care our products new arrivals shop by styles shop the look shop by collections stain and fabric samples site map follow us facebook twitter youtube pinterest instagram tumblr office: 941-377-5112  |  toll free: 1-866-272-6773  |  email:questions@dutchcrafters.com  |  3709 n. lockwood ridge road, sarasota, florida 34234 *promotion pricing and discounts must be used at time of purchase  |  promotion pricing valid only for duration of promotion  |  promotion pricing and discounts not valid on berlin gardens, luxcraft, or barkman furniture collection items  |  promotions, discounts, sales or coupons cannot be combined © copyrights 2003 - 2019 dutchcrafters all rights reserved. recently viewed items