来源URL: https://web.archive.org/web/20211214162114/https://www.dutchcrafters.com/blog/
================================================================================

timber to table - a blog by dutchcrafters ﻿ sale locations open. call now! 941-867-2233 samples about furniture delivery your shopping experience about dutchcrafters business sales our store resources frequently asked questions learning center dutchcrafters videos timber to table blog customer testimonials shop the look shop by style account visitor id: wishlist my profile dashboard order tracking shop about resources account dining & kitchen living bedroom office outdoor children decor entryway home improvement in-stock quick ship more dining & kitchenlivingbedroomofficeoutdoorchildrendecorentrywayhome improvementrusticin-stockquick ship furniture delivery your shopping experience about dutchcrafters business sales our store stain samples frequently asked questions learning center dutchcrafters videos timber to table blog customer testimonials shop the look shop by style visitor id: wishlist my profile dashboard order tracking latest posts interior design ideas for 2022 beth rice 20/01/2022 2022 interior design ideas 2022 interior trend ideas furniture trends 2022 interior design interior design ideas interior design ideas 2022 interior design trends interior design trends 2022 interior trends as our homes continue to take on the unexpected changes and demands of our adapting lifestyles, the ways we use them, decorate them and take refuge in them will be reflected in what are some exciting, attractive and comforting interior design ideas for 2022. pandemic pressures hit us all hard in 2020 and 2021 and continue to do so, with home offices and makeshift classrooms popping up out of necessity within our homes. we looked… interior design ideas for 2022 read more interior design ideas for 2022 amish jewelry box buying guide beth rice 13/01/2022 amish handmade jewelry boxes amish jewelry armoire amish jewelry box amish jewelry boxes jewelry box jewelry boxes for women jewelry organizers large jewelry box stand up jewelry box standing jewelry box wood jewelry box wooden jewelry box whether you’re searching for a gift or the right storage for your own collection, the amish jewelry box buying guide can offer helpful tips. read on for guidance on what to look for to find the best jewelry box to meet your needs. types of jewelry storage there are many different types of jewelry storage, ranging from small to large in size. there are different materials to choose from, and you can find jewelry storage… amish jewelry box buying guide read more amish jewelry box buying guide things to know about pub tables beth rice 22/12/2021 bar height table bar table high table pub style table pub table pub table base pub table height pub table set pub tables let’s set the record straight. a pub table (also called a bar table, high table, gathering table or standing table) is not the same as a counter height table and while stylish, sturdy and fun, they’re not for everyone. what areas do pub tables work best in? what’s the comfort factor like? what are the benefits? we’re covering these areas and more in things to know about pub tables. table heights the heights of different… things to know about pub tables read more things to know about pub tables 6 things you might not know about the amish and money beth rice 16/12/2021 about the amish amish and money amish people questions about amish guest post by erik wesner despite some depictions of the amish as isolated, outdated and old-fashioned, amish are in fact “plugged-in” to the economy and business world in a number of ways. so let’s have a look at some common questions on the amish and money-like: where do amish do their shopping? do they barter? how do they buy homes and fund businesses? are there amish millionaires? barter contrary to what some might think, the… 6 things you might not know about the amish and money read more 6 things you might not know about the amish and money all about hickory wood furniture beth rice 09/12/2021 hickory hickory furniture hickory lumber hickory wood hickory wood color hickory wood furniture rustic furniture rustic hickory rustic hickory furniture rustic style perhaps you’ve spotted hickory wood furniture in a log cabin where you vacationed or in a rustic style restaurant. rough, yet alluring, unique and warm, it’s a wood that gains points for its strength and hardness. how does it translate to items in our homes? we’re covering it here in this post that’s all about hickory wood furniture. what does hickory wood look like? let’s start with what hickory looks like. hickory has a unique… all about hickory wood furniture read more all about hickory wood furniture mennonite furniture vs. amish furniture jake smucker 18/11/2021 amish furniture amish furniture makers dovetailed joints mennonite furniture mennonite furniture characteristics mennonite people mortise and tenon joint wooden chests they wanted to follow jesus in their own way and refused to serve in the military. they sought a life separate from the culture where they lived in order to speak their own language and continue their way of life. and they were persecuted, imprisoned, and fined. they sold their land, uprooted their communities, and found new homes. but when they discovered that no place in europe was safe, they packed all their belongings into… mennonite furniture vs. amish furniture read more mennonite furniture vs. amish furniture 5 amish gifts for bird lovers beth rice 11/11/2021 bird gifts bird lovers gifts for bird lovers gifts for bird watchers hanging bird feeder hanging feeder jelly jar feeder tray feeder they stop mid-sentence to look up. they always bring you to the porch or backyard to point out a sighting. they wear bird t-shirts and usually have binoculars close by. we’re talking about those who love to bird watch and never tire of the colors, sounds and actions birds bring. if you’ve wondered what to get someone who is fond of birds, you’ve come to the right place. here are five amish gifts for bird… 5 amish gifts for bird lovers read more 5 amish gifts for bird lovers family game night ideas beth rice 04/11/2021 board games family game night family game night ideas family games family games to play game night games game night ideas indoor games vacations, birthdays, holidays, weekends–really any night at home–is a good time for games. family game night ideas come in all shapes and sizes for outdoor and indoor play. these handcrafted games and game tables made in amish country can contribute to fun times with family and friends. consider these family game night ideas for great ways to have fun, relax at home and save money. amish rice pitch game the object is to get the… family game night ideas read more family game night ideas 4 facts about trestle tables beth rice 28/10/2021 small trestle table trestle dining table trestle table trestle table base trestle table designs trestle table legs trestle tables wooden trestle table perhaps the oldest style of dining table, the trestle table serves up style and benefits. we’re sharing four facts about trestle tables to help you determine if this is the table type for you. what is a trestle table? it’s the base that makes the trestle table something to talk about. the body of a trestle table consists of usually two (but sometimes three) trestle supports spaced evenly that are often connected by a stretcher… 4 facts about trestle tables read more 4 facts about trestle tables how to choose entryway furniture beth rice 14/10/2021 entryway bench entryway furniture entryway furniture ideas entryway furniture with storage entryway storage furniture entryway table foyer furniture small entryway furniture entryways, whether large or small, are the first glimpse inside your home. the list of job duties for an entryway includes: creating a welcoming atmosphere showcasing your personal style storing and organizing items where do you begin selecting furniture items for your entryway? what could work best for your space? what style do you like? here we’ll help lay out how to choose the best entryway furniture for your home. entryway spaces entryways are versatile… how to choose entryway furniture read more how to choose entryway furniture oak vs. quarter sawn oak for wood furniture beth rice 07/10/2021 oak furniture oak vs quarter sawn oak oak wood plain sawn quarter sawn quarter sawn oak quarter sawn oak furniture quarter sawn oak vs. regular oak quarter sawn white oak quarter sawn wood oak wood with its prominent wood grain, strength and durability is the most commonly used wood for solid wood furniture.  we’re pitting oak woods against each other, specifically “regular” or “plain sawn” oak versus quarter sawn oak. why? because they’re cut differently and that affects the look, stability, performance and cost. you’ll have to decide which oak look is for you as we compare oak vs quarter sawn oak for wood furniture. while there are… oak vs. quarter sawn oak for wood furniture read more oak vs. quarter sawn oak for wood furniture 4 popular ways to display a quilt beth rice 30/09/2021 amish quilt rack quilt quilt display case quilt rack wall quilt rack wooden quilt rack quilts are special. whether you made one yourself, inherited a family heirloom, or received one as a gift, they are works of art that you might want to showcase. sure you can throw them over a sofa or the back of a chair, but handmade quilts, in particular, should be handled carefully in order to maintain their beauty. here are four safe and popular ways to display treasured quilts. ways to display a quilt the… 4 popular ways to display a quilt read more 4 popular ways to display a quilt things to know about tung oil beth rice 23/09/2021 pure tung oil tung oil tung oil finish tung oil vs. linseed oil what is tung oil there are lots of things to know about tung oil. part of the beauty of having wood furniture is the natural beauty of the wood. sure, solid wood offers durability and support, but wood looks beautiful, showcasing a unique grain pattern from the tree it came from. bringing out that beauty is the job of the stain and finish, and those familiar with woodworking know that the finish can make or break a piece of… things to know about tung oil read more things to know about tung oil 5 ways you can customize amish living room chairs beth rice 16/09/2021 accent chair accent chairs amish living room chair amish living room chairs chair styles comfortable living room chairs custom chair custom chairs custom living room chairs living room chair living room chairs amish living room chairs bring a whole new meaning to the word comfort. not only can you rely on premium quality materials supported by fine craftsmanship, but you are offered the opportunity to customize. customizing means you can pick out options for the entire build of your new living room chairs, making sure the look, feel and function are sure to fit your vision for your living room furniture. spotting an amish living room chair… 5 ways you can customize amish living room chairs read more 5 ways you can customize amish living room chairs cedar wood and bed bugs beth rice 02/09/2021 bed bugs and cedar wood cedar wood and bed bugs does cedar repel bed bugs does cedar wood kill bed bugs does cedar wood repel insects there’s a good chance you won’t ever find cedar wood and bed bugs in the same place. why? because cedar wood contains natural oils that bed bugs and lots of other pests don’t like. about cedar wood cedar is a strong, stable wood that’s used for indoor and outdoor furniture. it brings with it a distinctive scent that to most of us humans smells like freshly cut wood with almost a menthol, minty scent mixed… cedar wood and bed bugs read more cedar wood and bed bugs posts navigation 1 2 … 25 next searchsearch by category about the amish amish country amish proverbs amish questions answered amish woodworkers amish furniture bedroom children decor and home improvement entryway kitchen and dining living and entertaining office outdoor pets furniture tips buying guides furniture history furniture styles wood types and finishes inspiration diy and decor holidays recipes staff picks older most recent posts interior design ideas for 2022 amish jewelry box buying guide things to know about pub tables piquing our pinterestamish poly balcony bar table set with four swivel chairs a top selling set for outdoors. dine, relax and enjoy the fresh air in this attractive poly set made in america. choose from a variety of colors. #polytables #polyfurnitureamish old mission murphy bed the room takes on multitasking with an old mission murphy bed. storage combines with an extra space to sleep. stunning amish woodworking. custom built in choice of wood and stain. #murphybedshubbardton forge stasis table lamp sculpted lighting takes the stage with the stasis table lamp. simple, contemporary, clean and unique. #tablelampamish reno nine drawer dresser with jewelry drawers and optional mirror look at those waves! the reno contributes fine woodworking to master bedroom or guest room, with plenty of storage. amish made in choice of wood and stain. #dressers trees planted we are planting a new tree right here in america for every dutchcrafters order placed. click to learn more. our company about dutchcrafters contact us our locations business sales made in america terms & conditions furniture delivery financing our resources learning center timber to table blog video library the amish furniture podcast frequently asked questions customer testimonials furniture care our products new arrivals shop by styles shop the look shop by collections stain and fabric samples site map follow us facebook twitter youtube pinterest instagram tumblr office: 941-867-2233  |  email:questions@dutchcrafters.com  |  3709 n. lockwood ridge road, sarasota, florida 34234 *promotion pricing and discounts must be used at time of purchase  |  promotion pricing valid only for duration of promotion  |  promotion pricing and discounts not valid on berlin gardens, luxcraft, or barkman furniture collection items  |  promotions, discounts, sales or coupons cannot be combined © copyrights 2003 - 2019 dutchcrafters all rights reserved. recently viewed items