来源URL: https://web.archive.org/web/20221221030318/https://www.dutchcrafters.com/blog/
================================================================================

timber to table - a blog by dutchcrafters ﻿ sale locations open. call now! 941-867-2233 samples about furniture delivery your shopping experience about dutchcrafters business sales our stores resources frequently asked questions learning center dutchcrafters videos timber to table blog customer testimonials shop the look shop by style account visitor id: wishlist my profile dashboard order tracking shop about resources account dining & kitchen living bedroom office outdoor children decor entryway home improvement in-stock quick ship more dining & kitchenlivingbedroomofficeoutdoorchildrendecorentrywayhome improvementrusticin-stockquick ship furniture delivery your shopping experience about dutchcrafters business sales our stores stain samples frequently asked questions learning center dutchcrafters videos timber to table blog customer testimonials shop the look shop by style visitor id: wishlist my profile dashboard order tracking latest posts 10 best amish made wooden toys beth rice 17/11/2022 american made toys amish toys amish toys traditional amish wood children's toys handmade wooden toys wood children's toys wood toys wooden toy wooden toys wooden toys made in usa amish woodshops bustle with activity, creating strong, durable solid wood creations. among their many products are wooden toys, the kind that take us back to a different time when things were simpler and technology didn’t dominate the waking hours. these are wooden toys made in the usa. being made in an amish woodshop, there are even options to customize these wood toys! wood type, stain and other options are available on some amish toys. wooden… 10 best amish made wooden toys read more 10 best amish made wooden toys 5 questions about log furniture beth rice 10/11/2022 amish log furniture log bedroom furniture log cabin furniture log chairs log furniture log furniture ideas log wood furniture rustic log furniture let’s face it. log furniture helps us disconnect. its natural rugged look represents another time long ago, when things were simpler, and there’s something so appealing in that. while log furniture has been around in the u.s. since the 1800s, its popularity grew in the early 2000s as many fell in love with rustic furniture for both indoors and outside. log furniture is pretty rustic, with logs wearing knots, colorations, and markings that make it… 5 questions about log furniture read more 5 questions about log furniture 5 new ways to use a lingerie chest beth rice 03/11/2022 lingerie chest lingerie chest of drawers lingerie chests lingerie dresser lingerie storage narrow chest of drawers narrow dresser small chest of drawers tall lingerie chest underwear dresser what is a lingerie chest we’ll call it. a lingerie chest is a little bit of luxury. a narrow chest of drawers made specifically to store and organize women’s undergarments, the lingerie chest originally fell into the category of fancy furniture. delicate undergarments were organized, stored and protected in its drawers, preventing damage, snags and pulling that could occur in large dresser drawers where there’s a bit of everything mixed in. these days, these small chests of drawers are still… 5 new ways to use a lingerie chest read more 5 new ways to use a lingerie chest the history of the daybed beth rice 20/10/2022 chaise daybed chaise lounge daybed comfortable daybed day beds daybed daybed couch daybed size daybeds daybeds with storage fainting couch history of the daybed while the exact origins of the daybed are not clear, the history of the daybed can be traced throughout ancient cultures. the ancient egyptians and romans liked to lounge lazily while socializing and eating. the egyptians made daybeds from palm sticks bound together to build a unit they both sat on and slept on. other materials used for early daybeds included stone, marble and cloth. early daybed styles in ancient rome featured piles of plush… the history of the daybed read more the history of the daybed walnut vs. brown maple: which makes better furniture? beth rice 13/10/2022 brown maple brown maple furniture brown maple wood brown maple wood for furniture brown maple wood furniture maple wood furniture walnut walnut furniture walnut versus maple walnut vs brown maple walnut wood walnut wood for furniture walnut wood furniture walnut wood versus maple wood walnut and brown maple are two woods that look good in dark stains. they’re easy to work with and both offer reliable durability. one is more expensive than the other and their grain patterns differ. we’re taking a look at walnut wood versus brown maple wood to see which makes better furniture. walnut wood colors let’s start with wood colors. walnut wood is known for its exotic dark tones. the wood from the walnut tree… walnut vs. brown maple: which makes better furniture? read more walnut vs. brown maple: which makes better furniture? power recliner or manual recliner: which fits you best? beth rice 06/10/2022 can you use a power recliner when the power goes out? do power recliners have to be plugged in? power motion recliner power vs manual recliner pros and cons of power recliners what is a manual recliner what is a power recliner? which is better? power recliner or manual? the recliner rates consistently as the go-to chair for comfort. a staple in living room, family room or den, it has become a chair whose mere presence promises relaxation, support, and a way to put behind the pressures of the day. recliners have come a long way, offering luxurious fabrics and features that have developed over the years. when it comes to finding the right recliner for you, do you need a power recliner or… power recliner or manual recliner: which fits you best? read more power recliner or manual recliner: which fits you best? what the amish read beth rice 22/09/2022 amish bible amish lifestyle amish people ever wonder what the amish read? always popular on timber to table, are our guest posts by erik wesner. erik runs the amish america website (www.amishamerica.com) and youtube channel (https://www.youtube.com/c/amishamerica). welcome back erik! amish people tend to be big readers. this makes sense when you consider they generally don’t indulge in digital entertainment like most of the rest of us. reading “dead-tree” sources like books and monthly publications not only fills amish “down time,” it… what the amish read read more what the amish read wood bookcase buying guide beth rice 08/09/2022 small wood bookcase solid wood bookcase solid wood bookcases wood bookcase wood bookcase with doors wood bookcase with glass doors wood bookcases wood bookshelf wooden bookshelves isn’t it great that a beautiful wood bookcase doesn’t have to be limited to an office? with so many designs and features available, the bookcase can find its place in a number of areas throughout the house. to help you find what will work best for you, we’ve put together a wood bookcase buying guide. start with measurements. as with any furniture purchase, you’ll want to start by measuring the space you have to work… wood bookcase buying guide read more wood bookcase buying guide amish bunk bed q & a beth rice 01/09/2022 amish bunk bed amish bunk beds bunk bed bunk beds bunk beds for adults bunk beds for kids bunk beds with desk bunk beds with storage kids bunk bed kids bunk beds loft bunk beds twin bunk beds wood bunk beds the bunk bed is often viewed as a kid’s bed, a fun bed and a space saver. while these attributes are accurate, there’s more to bunk beds that can take them beyond the kid’s bedroom. how do they measure up and what else do they offer? time for an amish bunk bed q & a. what are bunk beds? bunk beds consist of two bunks (narrow beds) that make use of vertical space and are… amish bunk bed q & a read more amish bunk bed q & a trestle table vs. leg table: the pros and cons beth rice 25/08/2022 leg table leg tables trestle dining table trestle table trestle table base trestle tables your dining table is so much more than just a place to eat. it’s a hard-working host, a gathering place, a workspace, a centerpiece, and a reflection of your personal style. table style, shape and size are all important factors when it comes to deciding on the dining table that’s just right for you. here we put the trestle table against the leg table and compare the pros and cons of each. trestle table story… trestle table vs. leg table: the pros and cons read more trestle table vs. leg table: the pros and cons 5 questions about wormy maple wood beth rice 11/08/2022 ambrosia maple ambrosia maple furniture ambrosia maple lumber ambrosia maple wood ambrosia wood wormy maple wormy maple furniture wormy maple wood have you heard about wormy maple wood? it’s got a fascinating little story that took it from a wood that beetles were buggin’ in to a sought-after wood type for fine furniture. here we cover the facts with 5 questions about wormy maple wood. why is it called wormy maple wood? wormy maple (also known as ambrosia maple)  is so named due to small beetles boring into the wood. they deposit larvae causing discoloration of… 5 questions about wormy maple wood read more 5 questions about wormy maple wood the power of bedroom sets beth rice 04/08/2022 4-piece bedroom set amish bedroom furniture amish bedroom furniture sets bedroom bedroom furniture bedroom furniture sets bedroom ideas bedroom set bedroom sets there are plenty of advantages to purchasing a bedroom set. we review them here, showcasing the benefits, features and power of the bedroom set. who says it can’t match? the argument most often heard against buying a bedroom set is it’s too matchy-matchy, that everything matching is boring and those who purchase a matching bedroom set will become so bored with it, well, it could just put them to sleep. for those who want to… the power of bedroom sets read more the power of bedroom sets how to measure for a furniture delivery beth rice 28/07/2022 furniture delivery how to measure for furniture delivery how to measure for moving furniture measuring for furniture delivery as funny as it was, to watch ross, chandler and rachel trying to shove a sofa up the stairs to the sound of ross shrieking “pivot!” on the tv show friends, no one really wants to be in that situation when it’s time to move furniture. so, how and what should you measure so you’re best prepared for a furniture delivery? let’s take a look. measure your space at home take measurements of the room… how to measure for a furniture delivery read more how to measure for a furniture delivery lighting fixtures that enhance decor beth rice 21/07/2022 bedroom lighting ideas contemporary light fixtures home lighting ideas home lights hubbardton forge hubbardton forge lighting light fixture light fixtures lighting lighting fixtures lighting ideas living room lighting ideas modern lighting pendant lighting one popular design trend this year involves getting creative with lighting fixtures that enhance décor and make a statement. how does lighting contribute to a room? what new looks are out there that will add to the design and still contribute enough light for the room’s activities? let’s take a look. how home lighting contributes the light in any room contributes to both the look and mood of the room. three main types of lighting… lighting fixtures that enhance decor read more lighting fixtures that enhance decor 5 handcrafted cottagecore furniture ideas beth rice 14/07/2022 cottage core cottage core aesthetic cottage core interior cottagecore cottagecore aesthetic cottagecore interior farm core farm core aesthetic farmcore farmcore aesthetic cottagecore has amassed quite a following. loved for its natural style and feel-good practices, the cottagecore culture embodies rustic design, web-free habits and overall cozy feelings.  we have just the right pieces of handcrafted furniture to help capture the feeling, the style and the essence of cottage core. what is cottagecore? cottagecore, also known as farmcore, seeks to be removed from the pressures and distractions of technology, television and fast pace processes. inspired by western… 5 handcrafted cottagecore furniture ideas read more 5 handcrafted cottagecore furniture ideas posts navigation 1 2 … 27 next searchsearch by category about the amish amish country amish proverbs amish questions answered amish woodworkers amish furniture bedroom children decor and home improvement entryway kitchen and dining living and entertaining office outdoor pets furniture tips buying guides furniture history furniture styles wood types and finishes inspiration diy and decor holidays recipes staff picks older most recent posts 10 best amish made wooden toys 5 questions about log furniture 5 new ways to use a lingerie chest piquing our pinterestshop the look - venice dining room set elegant mix with parsons chairs, wood chairs and trestle table. all amish made in america and built to last. customize in choice of wood, stain, fabric and more. #diningsetswarm your heart and hearth with two easy fireplace mantel stylesquick ship stanford - small brown maple free standing bathroom vanity beautiful brown maple wood makes this small vanity shine. handcrafted with authentic solid wood and built in an amish woodshop. #bathroomvanity #amishfurnitureamish shaker bunk bed save space with these elegant shaker bunk beds. available in 5 configurations from twin over twin up to full over queen. handcrafted wood furniture that promises durability. built in american in choice of wood and stain. #bunkbeds #bedroom trees planted we are planting a new tree right here in america for every dutchcrafters order placed. click to learn more. our company about dutchcrafters contact us our locations business sales made in america terms & conditions furniture delivery financing our resources learning center timber to table blog video library the amish furniture podcast frequently asked questions customer testimonials furniture care our products new arrivals shop by styles shop the look shop by collections stain and fabric samples site map follow us facebook twitter youtube pinterest instagram tumblr office: 941-867-2233  |  email:questions@dutchcrafters.com  |  3709 n. lockwood ridge road, sarasota, florida 34234 *promotion pricing and discounts must be used at time of purchase  |  promotion pricing valid only for duration of promotion  |  promotion pricing and discounts not valid on berlin gardens, luxcraft, or barkman furniture collection items  |  promotions, discounts, sales or coupons cannot be combined © copyrights 2003 - 2019 dutchcrafters all rights reserved. recently viewed items