来源URL: https://web.archive.org/web/20231211231453/https://www.dutchcrafters.com/blog/
================================================================================

timber to table - a blog by dutchcrafters ﻿ financing available | learn more locations open. call now! 941-867-2233 samples about furniture delivery your shopping experience about dutchcrafters business sales our stores resources frequently asked questions learning center dutchcrafters videos timber to table blog customer testimonials shop the look shop by style account visitor id: wishlist my profile dashboard order tracking shop about resources account dining & kitchen living bedroom office outdoor children decor entryway home improvement in-stock quick ship more dining & kitchenlivingbedroomofficeoutdoorchildrendecorentrywayhome improvementrusticin-stockquick ship furniture delivery your shopping experience about dutchcrafters business sales our stores stain samples frequently asked questions learning center dutchcrafters videos timber to table blog customer testimonials shop the look shop by style visitor id: wishlist my profile dashboard order tracking latest posts furniture style guide beth rice 07/12/2023 furniture design styles furniture style furniture styles styles of furniture types of furniture types of furniture styles when it comes to furniture styles, there’s a lot to choose from. finding your furniture style and expressing your personality throughout your home has become just as important as the comfort and support of the furniture itself. if you haven’t committed to a favorite yet, there are plenty of options when it comes to finding your furniture style. from farmhouse style kitchens to mission style living rooms to mid century modern dining, each furniture design… furniture style guide read more furniture style guide how can i tell it’s really amish made furniture? beth rice 16/11/2023 amish furniture amish furniture ohio authentic amish furniture custom amish furniture handcrafted furniture handmade furniture how can i tell it's how can i tell it's amish made how can i tell it's amish made by hand how can i tell it's really amish made furniture online solid wood furniture the secret is out and has been for a while. amish furniture is high quality. it’s the kind of furniture that’s built so well it can be passed on for generations to enjoy. another secret that’s out is that custom amish furniture costs more. if you want to bring home this caliber of wood furniture, it will cost more than furniture made of lesser materials. you won’t find amish furniture in big box stores or… how can i tell it’s really amish made furniture? read more how can i tell it’s really amish made furniture? the benefits of an l desk beth rice 26/10/2023 l desk l shaped computer desk l shaped desk with hutch l shaped executive desk large l shaped desk modern shaped l desk office desk l shape what’s the lure of an l desk, you might wonder? beautiful, spacious and substantial, the l desk has a lot to offer.  does it take up too much space? will it work for your office area? just what are the benefits of an l desk? let’s take a look. plenty of room to work. the design of an l desk offers a spacious desk area, with an extension added that creates another large work area.… the benefits of an l desk read more the benefits of an l desk 5 reasons to buy custom furniture beth rice 05/10/2023 custom amish furniture custom amish made furniture custom design furniture custom furniture custom furniture builders custom furniture makers custom made furniture custom wood furniture customizable furniture handmade furniture what do we sacrifice for the thrill of a low price? when it comes to furniture, there’s a lot that’s lost. we lose quality, function, durability, the exact look we want, and in the long run, money. cheap furniture that’s mass produced will break down faster and perform poorly in comparison. and you’ll likely have to settle for the same look everyone else has. is there a solution to this problem? yes, there is. the… 5 reasons to buy custom furniture read more 5 reasons to buy custom furniture the charm of a cheval mirror beth rice 21/09/2023 cheval floor mirror cheval mirror cheval mirrors cheval standing mirror full length cheval mirror full length mirror what is a cheval mirror if you’re someone who likes to observe your outfit from head to toe, or if you’re someone who’s looking to add both an elegant and functional piece of furniture to your bedroom, perhaps you should consider a full-length cheval mirror. what is a cheval mirror? a cheval mirror, also called a dressing mirror, is a full-length floor standing mirror that’s mounted with a swivel in a frame that can be tilted and adjusted for best… the charm of a cheval mirror read more the charm of a cheval mirror 5 reasons to get a bookcase with doors beth rice 07/09/2023 bookcase bookcase with doors bookcase with glass doors bookcases with doors bookshelf with doors bookshelf with sliding doors bookshelves with doors bookshelves with glass doors small bookcase with doors solid wood bookcases tall bookcase with doors an attractive trend for furniture in recent years has been pieces that are multifunctional. the bookcase is one of these. a versatile piece, the bookcase can be used in almost any room in the house. in addition, you have the option to store and organize some books, or to display and store a variety of other items, like photos, trophies or collectibles. bookcases come in a variety of styles, shapes and sizes. one option is… 5 reasons to get a bookcase with doors read more 5 reasons to get a bookcase with doors why authentic craftsmanship matters beth rice 31/08/2023 american made amish craftsmanship amish craftsmen amish furniture amish made amish made furniture craftsmanship fine craftsmanship quality workmanship traditional craftsmanship build it quicker. get it faster. machines that can do what humans do are incredible. let them do the work to build more, faster. that’s better, right? or is it? mass production often leads to products of lesser quality. rushing just won’t deliver the same quality that taking time will. as products and clothing wear out, break down and get thrown out, consumers must replace them. as we look to the future to live in… why authentic craftsmanship matters read more why authentic craftsmanship matters how to safely clean wood furniture beth rice 17/08/2023 best cleaner for wood furniture best furniture polish clean wood furniture cleaning wood furniture how to clean wood furniture how to clean wood table how to clean wooden furniture how to safely clean wood furniture wood furniture cleaner if you’re investing in wood furniture for the added durability, beauty and value, we get it. solid wood furniture will pay you back over time. take a solid wood dining table for instance. crafted with solid wood means it’s going to see you through the rest of your holiday dinners, birthday celebrations, anniversaries and more. the wood will stand strong and endure daily use without wearing out or breaking down. the beauty of the wood… how to safely clean wood furniture read more how to safely clean wood furniture sustainable furniture: more than just a design trend beth rice 03/08/2023 amish craftsmanship eco friendly furniture sustainable furniture sustainable living sustainable practices sustainable living is one of the year’s shining trends, including an increased awareness and use of sustainable furniture for the home. more and more households are not only aware of the growing need to be kind to the planet, but are committing to supporting the practice of going green. we’re embracing the value of sustainable furnishings not only for the planet, but for our family, our friends and ourselves. within the groups of sustainable practices… sustainable furniture: more than just a design trend read more sustainable furniture: more than just a design trend glider chair vs. rocking chair: which is best for you? beth rice 20/07/2023 double glider rocker glider chair glider rocker glider rockers glider vs rocker nursery glider rocker rocker vs glider rocking chair the glider chair versus the rocking chair is an easy choice for some, but not for others. it comes down to the way you like to move, where you want to use the chair, and what style you like best. the glider chair glider chairs are an investment in comfort and luxury. they are often purchased for baby nurseries to provide a comfy place for late night feedings. gliders are a popular pick for the… glider chair vs. rocking chair: which is best for you? read more glider chair vs. rocking chair: which is best for you? 6 must-have furniture pieces for coastal grandmother style beth rice 06/07/2023 beach bedroom coastal aesthetics coastal bedroom coastal bedroom decor coastal grandmother coastal grandmother embodies a clean, classic style. it’s often associated with wealthy middle-aged women who live in luxurious homes along the oceanfront. life as a coastal grandmother may include walks along the beach wearing neutral colored capris and perhaps a straw hat, trips to the farmers market for all the fresh goods, plenty of time in the garden, a good glass of wine, and the best dinners shared with family and friends. the coastal grandmother lifestyle… 6 must-have furniture pieces for coastal grandmother style read more 6 must-have furniture pieces for coastal grandmother style how to set up a coffee bar cabinet beth rice 29/06/2023 coffee bar coffee bar cabinet coffee bar cabinet ideas coffee bar furniture coffee bar ideas coffee cabinet coffee station cabinet kitchen coffee bar cabinets kitchen coffee bar ideas the smell, the frothiness, the taste. it’s become a favorite morning ritual. brewing up a pot of coffee, fixing it and enjoying it goes on in households across the country. while many pick up their coffee on the run, there’s no doubt about it that coffee bar cabinets are becoming popular stations within the home. the lure of the coffee bar cabinet. if you enjoy coffee and all that goes with it, setting up your… how to set up a coffee bar cabinet read more how to set up a coffee bar cabinet wooden high chair showcase beth rice 15/06/2023 amish high chair amish high chairs baby high chair best high chairs high chair high chair for baby high chairs wood high chair wooden baby high chair wooden high chair wooden high chairs wooden high chairs shine with features high chairs made of other materials don’t offer. those features include maximum durability, a classic look and sustainable character. the classic and elegant looks offered by wooden high chairs make them more aesthetically pleasing. they’re a lovely seat for your little one, and they blend beautifully pulled up to the dinner table. benefits of wooden high chairs let’s start with the durability. solid wood addresses one of the most… wooden high chair showcase read more wooden high chair showcase amish games and entertainment beth rice 08/06/2023 amish communities amish entertainment amish families amish games amish people amish play cornhole dutch blitz always popular on timber to table are our guest posts by erik wesner. erik runs the amish america website (www.amishamerica.com) and youtube channel (https://www.youtube.com/c/amishamerica). welcome back erik! like any other people, the amish, both young and old, enjoy various games and entertainment. while you won’t find video game consoles or other worldly, high-tech entertainment devices in amish homes, they do manage to find many forms of recreation that fit within their culture and beliefs. and like many things amish,… amish games and entertainment read more amish games and entertainment where can i buy amish furniture? beth rice 18/05/2023 amish furniture amish furniture indiana amish furniture online amish furniture pennsylvania amish furniture store amish furniture stores amish made furniture custom amish furniture online amish furniture solid wood furniture where to buy amish furniture perhaps you’ve visited areas of amish country and stopped in at shops with home baked goods, canned vegetables, quilts and other handmade items. perhaps on a special trip to the rolling hills of amish country  you encountered some shops that featured the smell of fresh sawdust, and you happened upon some exceptional amish made solid wood furniture. there’s a difference about amish made wood furniture that’s undeniable. anyone who has seen it or touched it… where can i buy amish furniture? read more where can i buy amish furniture? posts navigation 1 2 … 29 next searchsearch by category about the amish amish country amish proverbs amish questions answered amish woodworkers amish furniture bedroom children decor and home improvement entryway kitchen and dining living and entertaining office outdoor pets furniture tips buying guides furniture history furniture styles wood types and finishes inspiration diy and decor holidays recipes staff picks older most recent posts furniture style guide how can i tell it’s really amish made furniture? the benefits of an l desk piquing our pinterestsure to delight both you and your guests, the bordon reclaimed barnwood dining set features a clean humble style upgraded with a touch of modern elegance. beautifully displaying the fine craftsmanship, it's the perfect place to gather for a delicious meal and good conversation. call 941-867-2233 to speak to a furniture specialist!sure to delight both you and your guests, the bordon reclaimed barnwood dining set features a clean humble style upgraded with a touch of modern elegance. beautifully displaying the fine craftsmanship, it's the perfect place to gather for a delicious meal and good conversation. call 941-867-2233 to speak to a furniture specialist!with a classic mission style that offers clean lines, gentle curves, and overall versatility, our mission bed steps offer an easy climb into bed and ensure a versatile addition to complement any bedroom decor. paired up with your bed, you'll have a stylish to climb in after a long day, and let yourself down after greeting a new morning. call 941-867-2233 to get started!the brentwood reclaimed barnwood set has a special farmhouse charm. update your space with this attractive dining set! call 941-867-2233 to speak to a furniture specialist today. trees planted we are planting a new tree right here in america for every dutchcrafters order placed. click to learn more. our company about dutchcrafters contact us our locations business sales made in america terms & conditions furniture delivery financing our resources learning center timber to table blog video library the amish furniture podcast frequently asked questions customer testimonials furniture care our products shop by styles shop the look shop by collections stain and fabric samples site map follow us facebook twitter youtube pinterest instagram linkedin office: 941-867-2233  |  email:questions@dutchcrafters.com  |  3709 n. lockwood ridge road, sarasota, florida 34234 *promotion pricing and discounts must be used at time of purchase  |  promotion pricing valid only for duration of promotion  |  promotion pricing and discounts not valid on berlin gardens, luxcraft, or barkman furniture collection items  |  promotions, discounts, sales or coupons cannot be combined © copyrights 2003 - 2019 dutchcrafters all rights reserved.