来源URL: https://web.archive.org/web/20250405154007/https://www.dutchcrafters.com/FAQ.aspx
================================================================================

frequently asked questions tree planting initiative | learn more × contact our furniture specialists phone: 941-867-2233 monday-saturday: 9 a.m. to 6 p.m. et sunday: 11 a.m. to 7 p.m. et locations open. call 941-867-2233 samples about furniture delivery your shopping experience about dutchcrafters business sales our stores resources frequently asked questions learning center video library timber to table blog customer testimonials shop the look shop by style account visitor id: wishlist my profile order tracking shop about resources account dining & kitchen bedroom living office outdoor children entryway bathroom decor parts and care clearancein stock and ready to shipquick shipsalemore dining & kitchenbedroomlivingofficeoutdoorchildrenentrywaybathroomdecorparts & careclearance & quick ship furniture delivery your shopping experience about dutchcrafters business sales our stores stain samples frequently asked questions learning center video library timber to table blog customer testimonials shop the look shop by style visitor id: wishlist my profile order tracking frequently asked questions jump to: pick a topic business, trade or contract sales delivery & assembly employment product questions & product care returns shipping & processing shopping business, trade or contract sales back to top do you offer custom furniture for businesses and interior designers? yes. dutchcrafters works closely with business owners and interior designers to provide custom furniture equipped with the options they need. we will need a tax id number to process these orders. watch this video and visit our contract sales page for more information. do you offer trade discounts? yes. we can extend discounts for premium b2b clients. please call 941-867-2233 for details. can i work with the same sales associate for multiple projects? yes. we will connect you with the amish furniture specialist you’d like to work with. we strive to provide the most consistent, pleasant customer service experience. specialists can be reached by email at questions@dutchcrafters.com or at our number 941-867-2233. do you offer net 30 terms? 40% down: make a deposit of just 40% down, then make another 40% payment in four weeks (we will send you a reminder), and then pay the 20% balance prior to shipping. this offer is available for orders over $2,000 that take longer than four weeks to complete. orders less than $2,000 or products that ship within four weeks do not qualify. do you work with purchase orders? we will work with purchase orders from state and government offices as well as from large companies. we do not accept purchase orders that delay payment. can you assist my business with large orders? yes. dutchcrafters handles large scale projects from design to delivery, including: resorts/hotels restaurants sports teams government offices & professional buildings hospitals please visit our contract sales page for more information. delivery & assembly back to top what safety procedures can i expect during the covid-19 pandemic? our drivers will take extra precautions while delivering your furniture, including wearing masks, maintaining social distancing, and signing to accept delivery for you. watch our safety procedures video. what if i have problems with my furniture upon delivery? it’s delivery day. you’ve read all the instructions. you decided on either standard or inside delivery. you measured your space and entryways to make sure the furniture will fit. and your driver arrives. but what if something is wrong? our customers' most frequent issues include furniture arriving in the wrong wood type or finish, missing parts, and shipping damage. watch the video and learn what to do if your furniture arrives damaged. please accept our apologies for any problem that may arise, but just know that you won’t be abandoned. we’ll be here to work through the issue with you until the problem is resolved. what is the delivery process for amish furniture and what’s the difference between standard delivery and inside delivery? small, non-furniture items are most often delivered by major carriers to your home. large structures and outdoor furniture usually ship with ground shipping companies. furniture can be delivered either via standard delivery or inside delivery. standard delivery: the driver will deliver the furniture to your home or business, take the furniture off the truck and place it in your property. from there you are responsible for taking the items into your home. inside delivery: this includes our “white glove experience.” the drivers will take the furniture off the truck and bring it into your home. they will unpack it and set it up in the appropriate room. they will provide light assembly if needed and will clear away all packaging. note: drivers will not assemble high chairs, cribs, cradles, wall beds, murphy beds, grandfather clocks, bunk beds or any wall mounted furniture. view our video the unboxing for all essential furniture delivery information when can i expect delivery? each item has an estimated build time. you can find this information on each product page under shipping and lead time. once the item is completed, we will receive confirmation from the woodshop and schedule for delivery. the driver will set a range of dates for delivery, and we will send those to you via email. for my furniture delivery, will i receive a call to let me know when the shippers will arrive? yes. exact time and date of delivery can vary by shipper. you will receive dates that the shipper will be in your area to deliver and a call 2-3 days before your furniture arrives. call 941-867-2233 to speak to a shipping specialist with any questions. what is the delivery procedure for freight items? the shipping company will contact you to schedule delivery of freight items. why is my item not covered under the flat-rate shipping? the flat-rate shipping applies to furniture that can be delivered via delivery shippers, mostly blanket wrappers, that specialize in furniture delivery. some products are not included. will you assemble my amish furniture? we will assemble most furniture as long as it is an order for indoor furniture with inside delivery. the items we do not assemble are high chairs, cribs, cradles, wall beds, murphy beds, grandfather clocks, pool tables or anything that anchors to the wall. see our helpful video the unboxing: furniture delivery essentials from dutchcrafters. why do you apply a delivery surcharge to some items? surcharges may be added if an item does not ship flat rate. will you supply a lift gate to assist me? we can provide a lift gate upon request. it is best to request a lift gate at the time of your order. how are beds delivered? beds are usually shipped unassembled to make it easier to bring them into your home. they are typically separated by headboard, footboard, and side rails. will the furniture fit through my doorway? advance planning is essential when ordering your amish furniture. we recommend measuring all entrances, interior doorways, elevators, hallways, stairways, and any spaces your furniture will have to fit through as well as the room space, before placing your order. remember to figure in turning corners and the height of ceilings. watch our furniture delivery video for tips, tricks and directions to easily prepare. will you bring the furniture upstairs? the delivery team will bring most furniture pieces upstairs with the white glove inside delivery service. please indicate at time of order if items need to be brought upstairs or in elevators so we can schedule the right delivery. what do i do if my furniture is damaged when it arrives? please email photos of any damages along with your order number to customerservice@dutchcrafters.com within 5 days of delivery. we advise you to unpack and inspect your furniture before the shipper leaves as insurance will not cover the damage if it is not noted at time of delivery. customers are required to document damages on the shipping form at time of delivery. my shipment did not come with assembly instructions. how do i get instructions for assembly? just call our number at 941-867-2233 and let us know. we will be happy to get those directions out right away. i’m expecting an outdoor furniture delivery? what do i need to do to prepare for it? be prepared to bring your furniture to the backyard from the truck. assembly is often required. consider a lift gate if your order includes several pieces or large pieces. some outdoor structures require approval. check with your homeowners association if any permits are required from the county or city. employment back to top where can i apply for a position with dutchcrafters amish furniture? jmx brands lists any current job openings on indeed. if you are interested in a position with dutchcrafters, please send a cover letter and resume to ceo@jmxbrands.com. product questions & product care back to top why does my "solid wood furniture" contain plywood? we sometimes hear complaints when customers receive “solid wood furniture” to find it has plywood in it. believe it or not, this is essential. and this is because of seasonal wood shifting and splitting. if door and drawer panels were all made from solid wood, the seasonal movement would break the piece! instead, heavy duty plywood with a matching finish is used where appropriate to maintain stability without risking damage to the furniture. why does my furniture smell bad after i receive it? you may be surprised about a smell coming from your furniture after it arrives. off-gassing is the process of fumes being released after finishing the wood, and unfortunately, there’s no avoiding it. some people are more sensitive to the fumes than others, but it may take a few weeks for the odor to dissipate. keep the furniture in a well-ventilated area during this process. does my furniture require assembly? another complaint is that customers aren’t aware that they may be required to assemble some pieces. for example, table bases must be attached to tabletops after delivery. and the two wings of l-desks must be connected. check your product page and ask a furniture specialist what is required for assembly. if you expect you might be without the tools, physical ability, or know-how to assemble it, simply play it safe and select inside delivery when purchasing to have your furniture assembled for you! is your furniture really amish made? yes. our custom made solid wood furniture comes from the heart of amish country and is made by amish or conservative mennonite craftspeople. over 180 vendors in pennsylvania, ohio, and indiana contribute to our massive collection. peek at the special relationship we’ve developed with our woodworkers over the years in our dutchcrafters story video. what is distressed furniture? for distressed wood furniture, different techniques are used to create a time worn, aged appearance, or vintage look. woodworkers use tools on the surface of the wood to create marks like pinholes, indentations and nicks that simulate decades of use. learn more about furniture distressing in our distressed wood video: visit our learning center distressed hardwood page for more information. distressing techniques can vary by woodshop. do you support sustainable manufacturing processes? yes. we support the principles of reduce, conserve, reuse, and renew. see the about dutchcrafters page for our sustainability practices. where can i find reviews about your amish furniture from other customers? see and hear what dutchcrafters customers have to say about their amish furniture in our colorful customer review videos, or visit our customer testimonials page featuring photos clients have sent us of their new amish furniture at home. dutchcrafters reviews are also listed on google, reseller ratings and yelp. is all your furniture really made in america? nearly all of our furniture is american or north american made. our ruff sawn collection is handcrafted in canada and finished in the united states. is your furniture in stock or built to order? the majority of our amish made furniture is built to order with the custom options you select. you can shop a select group of in stock items that are available at our amish outlet store in lagrange, indiana. these in stock items include showroom floor models, clearance items, samples and returns. some outlet products are only available for pick up. is your upholstery fabric american made? our woodworkers use a variety of fabrics, some made in america and some made outside america. visit our furniture upholstery page for all the latest quality custom fabrics and leathers. where does your wood come from? we use lumber that is regionally sourced and selected from responsibly managed forests. visit the about dutchcrafters page for more of our sustainability practices. what type of finish do you use? we primarily use preferred color list finishes. will the woodworker sign the furniture? we have several vendors who initial or sign their furniture automatically. we are happy to put in a request for you if you would like your amish furniture signed. it’s important to note that different woodworkers have different methods for signing, ranging from simple to elaborate. how do you recommend caring for wood furniture? controlling humidity, light dusting, and following simple practices for everyday use will keep your solid wood furniture looking beautiful. refer to the caring for wood furniture section in our learning center, our helpful blog post, or our video. what is a seasonal split? a seasonal split involves the contracting of wood due to dry air conditions. wood absorbs moisture in damp air and expands and releases moisture in dry air. changes in relative humidity can cause wood to expand and contract. visit our learning center for tips on caring for wood furniture that will keep it lasting a lifetime. what are the characteristics of reclaimed barn wood? reclaimed barnwood, or barnwood furniture, is sourced from century-old barns in ohio. this authentic weather-worn character makes for a beautiful finish to the eco friendly barn wood. each piece of reclaimed wood furniture is one of a kind as it displays the imperfections of the wood as they developed over the years. original nail, worm, and knot holes as well as sun spots are present on the surface of reclaimed wood. explore our reclaimed wood furniture section at https://www.dutchcrafters.com/style/reclaimed-wood-furniture can i use indoor paint on an outdoor item? it is not recommended as indoor paint is not suited for the outdoor environment. visit our blog post, picking the perfect wood for painted furniture to learn more. do i need a varnish? a varnish is recommended and will help protect your solid wood furniture from heat as well as moisture in the air. one exception is an oiled finish which does not require varnish. an oiled finish has to be reapplied at least once a year to protect the wood. do you use oil based finishes? our standard finish is water based. some oil based options are available such as tung oil. are the stains used on nursery furniture safe? yes, we use water-based stains for nursery furniture that are safe for little ones. additional specialty stain options are available for an additional cost. what are pcl stains? preferred color list finishes are a collection of standardized high quality stains used by many amish craftsmen. all stains are not available for all different wood types because the stains that best enhance each wood type are the ones craftsmen will use. i may want to add a table leaf or additional dining chairs at a later time. what do you recommend? we do not sell table leaves after an order has been received. tables are built to accommodate a certain number of leaves and are hand sanded. a staggered order will not have a uniform appearance with the rest of the table. we recommend completing your order with all prospective chairs for a uniform look. chairs styles are discontinued at times and may not be available if you wait until later to order them. which wood type should i pick for my furniture? in this video, beth takes you through some of the key characteristics of our six most popular wood types: oak, quarter sawn white oak, cherry, brown maple, walnut, and pine. your choice depends largely on personal preference, but some wood types are better for certain styles and types of furniture. these are just a few of the many wood types available. for a full overview, please visit the wood type page in our learning center. we encourage you to order stain samples of whichever wood types you're interested in! how do i protect my solid wood furniture from damage? in this video, beth explains a few of the important precautions you should take to protect your solid wood furniture from damage. handcrafted solid wood furniture is built to last decades, but it is prone to certain types of damage, including seasonal splits, scratching, and heat and water damage. avoid these common ailments with a few simple rules. for more detailed instruction, watch our caring for solid wood furniture video or visit our caring for wood furniture page in the learning center. how should i clean my solid wood furniture? in this video, beth recommends a few of our favorite tips for cleaning your wood furniture. regular dusting is recommended to keep granules that can scratch the finish off the furniture. for more detailed instruction, watch our caring for solid wood furniture video or visit our caring for wood furniture page in the learning center. what upholstery should i choose for my furniture? at dutchcrafters you will find a variety of both natural and synthetic fabrics including revolution performance fabric, crypton, genuine leather and ultra-leather, and sunbrella fabrics for outdoor furniture. for more information about upholstery fabrics, check out our “upholstery buying guide”: https://www.dutchcrafters.com/blog/upholstery-buying-guide/ having a hard time deciding between leather, ultra-leather, and fabric upholstery options? read “the great leather debate” on our timber to table blog: https://www.dutchcrafters.com/blog/leather-and-other-upholstery-options/ what is rough sawn lumber? rough sawn lumber or rough cut lumber is a type of distressing that occurs when the wood is being cut. saw marks and surface imperfections are man-made, offering characteristics similar to reclaimed but with a more uniform look. there’s both natural and simulated rough sawn lumber. when raw lumber is cut, the blade used can leave either a straight mark or a mark with an arch to it. instead of planing down these marks for a smooth surface, they’re left in. this is natural rough sawn lumber. simulated rough sawn furniture intentionally creates these marks in standard lumber to create a unique rough sawn lumber look. find ruff sawn furniture for your home at https://www.dutchcrafters.com/style/industrial-furniture enjoy our blog post reclaimed vs. rough sawn: what’s the difference? for more information. is pine furniture right for me? dutchcrafters solid pine wood furniture offers an affordable wood furniture solution to purchasing handcrafted american made furniture for your home or business. this short faq video will provide some interesting information about this unique furniture type, as well as some pros & cons that go along with owning pine wood furniture. shop our collection of country style furniture or cottage style furniture today. we have something for every room of your house. find pine wood furniture at https://www.dutchcrafters.com/collection/68/pine-wood-furniture is brown maple furniture right for me? brown maple wood furniture is very popular—in fact brown maple is one of the most popular wood types on dutchcrafters. but many people ask, what is brown maple? this video answers that question, with brown maple pros and cons and all you need to know about brown maple wood. maple furniture makes a great choice for furniture of all rooms and styles. brown maple dining room furniture, such as a brown maple table or island or brown maple chair, highlights the unique and distinctive maple wood grain. a brown maple bed and other brown maple bedroom furniture showcases the strength and durability of the wood. it is one of the softer of the hardwoods but yet holds up well to heavy use. where could you use a brown maple piece in your home? https://www.dutchcrafters.com/collection/997/brown-maple-wood is cherry wood right for me? cherry wood is natural, strong, and beautiful. but is cherry the right wood type for your new furniture? cherry is one of our most popular wood type upgrades here at dutchcrafters. this high-end option offers a beautiful wood tone and grain pattern that makes it a good fit for almost any furniture style. it's important to note, however, that the wood darkens over time with exposure to light. cherry wood grain is shallow. it stains relatively consistently and has a good hardness level for distressing. cherry is softer than some other types of hardwood, including oak and hard maple. however, it's much harder than soft woods like pine, and ends up similar in hardness to walnut. read more about cherry on our cherry wood page. is oak wood right for me? oak wood is durable. strong and consistent, it functions well for furniture. oak is best recognized by its grain pattern. it features long, arching loops that compress into narrow, parallel lines. this thick, deep grain pattern is connected to traditional styles but can fit more contemporary styles with the right finish. oak wood is hard, making it heavy and long-lasting. it's also among the least expensive hardwoods due to the tree's prevalence across america. read more about oak at https://www.dutchcrafters.com/collection/1175/oak is cedar furniture right for me? cedar has some amazing qualities for both indoor and outdoor furniture: it gives off a distinctive, rich scent; it’s naturally resistant to rot and decay; and it repels insects. and it is durable, even in humid conditions or exposed to the elements. however, it isn't the best choice for all situations. cedar is recognized by its red and pink tones, which come from the heartwood of the tree. but pale, yellow streaks from the sapwood are prone to flow through cedar lumber as well. and frequent knots give it rustic character! this distinctive appearance makes it a good fit for country style homes. however, the color variation and knotty appearance mean it won't make for “fine furniture” or fit formal or contemporary styles. cedar’s soft wood is easy for woodworkers to work with, but it will dent more easily than hardwoods like maple or oak. its hardness is comparable to pine, and, like pine, isn’t the best choice for tabletops, desktops, or other furniture that gets heavy use. cedar is a great choice for outdoor wood furniture or storage chests and hope chests. watch this video to learn more about whether cedar is the right choice for your furniture! returns back to top what complaints do customers have about shopping at dutchcrafters? our goal is for every dutchcrafters amish furniture order to go just as planned. but let’s face it: nothing in life is perfect. what we can guarantee is that we’ll be there to help if you need it. let beth tell you about the biggest complaints customers have about ordering amish furniture and you can learn from previous customers mistakes instead of making them yourself! there are 2 major reasons that customers complain: missed information about furniture and orders and when reality does not meet expectations. we'll dive into some of the most significant examples of each of these. but don’t let this frighten you. read through the hundreds of customer testimonials on our website, including many who went through customer service issues and still ended up thrilled with their furniture. we’ll be happy to answer any questions you have about these issues. just give us a call. does dutchcrafters have a return policy? because our furniture is made to order, we do not accept returns. we do guarantee a damage-free delivery and offer a warranty on manufacturer defects. see our terms and conditions for more information: https://www.dutchcrafters.com/content/terms-and-conditions/#return what is your return policy on international orders? our return policy is the same for all orders. shipping & processing back to top what shipping and processing options do you offer? please refer to our shipping page for information on shipping and processing options. can you ship orders to a p.o. box? no. ups and fed ex do not deliver to p.o. boxes. p.o. boxes do not give us a physical location for delivery. do you ship internationally? how much duty/tax is charged on international orders? yes, but we do not offer flat rate shipping for international orders. the duty/tax charged depends on the item and what country it is going to. dutchcrafters will ship to a port/freight forwarder where customers can arrange for a separate carrier to ship to their home. customers are responsible for any taxes and duties they will incur. we will provide a bill of sale for your records. do you ship to hawaii or alaska? yes. we do not offer flat rate shipping for orders going to hawaii or alaska. do you ship to puerto rico? yes. we do not offer flat rate shipping for orders going to puerto rico. do you ship to u.s. military addresses? yes, as long as they are residences and not p.o. boxes. please provide us with any specifics needed for our shippers to deliver to a military address. who should i contact if i have any questions after i have placed my order? contact us via email at orders@dutchcrafters.com or call us at 941-867-2233. ask for our customer care staff. will you hold an item and ship it at a later date? our ability to hold an item depends on the builder. for woodworkers who accommodate holds, we will hold your purchase and try to ship it so it is delivered as close to your desired date as possible. it’s important to note that a storage fee may be charged for holds. how do i check the status of my order? the status of your order will be available on our website. click on account in the upper right corner of the header, then click on order tracking in the pull down menu. shopping back to top why doesn't my furniture match the stain sample i chose? we do field complaints that the finish on furniture doesn’t match the sample chosen. but i can tell you now, it won’t. i mean, not precisely. when working with a natural material like wood, every tree has variations and every piece of lumber takes stain differently. it’s that variety that will make it uniquely yours. but our finish specialists are among the best in the country at applying stain and completing the finishing process as consistently as possible. if anyone can give you your color stain, it’s the experts in the amish finish shops. so, we recommend you pick your stain, send back the samples, and let yourself fall in love with the wood variation and tone of finish you receive—which we expect will be very similar to your sample selection. will my furniture color match the stain picture on my screen? while the photos of samples on our website is a great place to start, there is no way to guarantee that the final color will match the photo on your screen. in this video beth explains the challenges with matching colors on a screen. we encourage you to order stain samples from https://www.dutchcrafters.com/sample-kits/cat/780 to see the wood tones in person in your own home or business. what's my order really going to cost? are there hidden charges or fees? we want to be clear up front about our pricing. first, with stain samples: put simply, we’ll send you 4 stain samples in the wood type of your choice and charge a deposit. send them back within 30 days and your deposit will be refunded! watch our stain sample video for more. secondly, our products are all priced based on standard options. our extensive options system tells you the price of each option. if you require customizations beyond our options, we’ll create a quote for your additional customization. finally, there may be some additional costs for delivery. delivery information can be found at https://www.dutchcrafters.com/content/shipping/ . lastly, if you are required to pay sales tax in your state, it will be added during checkout. why is my furniture's build time so long? the biggest complaint we get is, “it’s taking too long to receive my furniture!” in the era of two-day shipping and minimal options, we understand it. but nearly everything is made to order just for you. in fact, your furniture may be the only piece in the country in that unique style, wood, finish, and hardware. watch the video for the full answer! what are the differences between furniture styles? what is your favorite style of furniture? which style should you order for your home? maybe you’re loving the mid-century modern look, or you’ve heard how simply beautiful shaker style is. with this video, we’re highlighting the characteristics of the most common furniture styles. learn the similarities and differences between mid-century modern furniture, rustic furniture, contemporary furniture, mission style furniture, shaker furniture, industrial furniture, country farmhouse furniture, colonial american furniture, french country furniture, formal furniture, transitional furniture, and live edge furniture. watch now! will the furniture look like the photo on your website? the furniture will reflect the design and style on our site, but the exact look of your solid wood furniture will depend on the custom options you select. wood, paint, and stain can change the look of a piece of furniture. can i customize something i found on another site? can you build furniture i like from a picture i have? we specialize in customization options, big and small. first, we will do our best to guide you to a close match on our site. we can submit requests to many of our woodworkers who will try to match the features you’re looking for. matching details is challenging and may not be exact, and these customizations will increase the cost of your custom furniture. call our number to speak with an amish furniture specialist about a custom quote. does dutchcrafters offer coupons, coupon codes, rebates, promotions, or other deals on amish furniture? yes. visit our sale page for a complete list of current sale coupons, promotions, and companion deals. do you have a layaway plan? we do not offer layaway, but we do offer financing options and a 40% down payment plan. visit our shopping with dutchcrafters page for details. how does the 40% down payment plan work? we collect 40% of your payment at the time of your order. another 40% payment is due four weeks after the time of your order. the remaining 20% balance is due prior to shipping with no interest fees or finance charges. *orders less than $2000 or products that ship within four weeks do not qualify for our 40% down payment program. why was the total price more than the price listed on your website? the prices shown on our product pages are base prices. if custom options are added that do not come standard, there are additional charges for those customizations. view our helpful video how to use the option page that reviews selecting custom options. do i have to choose a stain right away? no. you can select the “decide later” option in the dropdown menu provided for your finish selection. a furniture specialist will call you to discuss which stain samples you would like to see in order to make your decision. can i order by telephone? yes. you can call our number 941-867-2233 to place an order over the phone or you may order online. why should i create a dutchcrafters account? what are the benefits? create a dutchcrafters account in order to use our wishlist option that keeps a list of your favorite amish furniture on our site. what is a wishlist? your dutchcrafters wishlist is a file you can create to keep a list of your favorite amish furniture pieces. visit our wishlist page to start yours today! will you send a receipt after i place an order? yes. a receipt will be automatically emailed to you when you place an order. how do i contact you to make a 2nd payment? we will contact you via email or phone when the 2nd payment is due. when i submit credit card information online, is it secure? yes. all of our customer information is safely and securely stored. please refer to our privacy & security page for more information. will dutchcrafters sell or rent my information to other companies? absolutely not. how can i cancel my order? refunds are granted for cancellations received within 48 hours after placing an order. cancellations made after 48 hours are reviewed on a case by case basis. if work has begun on your furniture order or a non-furniture item has shipped, we do not accept cancellations. can i make changes to my order and how long do i have to make those changes? every piece of solid wood furniture we offer is assigned a build time (also called a lead time) which can be found on each product page under the description. the length of the build time determines what changes can be made. build/lead times of 8 weeks or more: changes for wood, hardware, and upholstery must be requested within one week after order placement. build/lead times of less than 4 weeks: changes must be made within 24-48 hours after order placement. contact us by either phone or email to request a change. do you offer a warranty? yes. dutchcrafters offers a one year limited warranty against defects in materials and workmanship for every piece of furniture we sell. please refer to our terms & conditions page for more information. additionally, some woodworkers offer their own warranty and that information is available on the product’s page. where is your dutchcrafters store located? the dutchcrafters furniture store is located at 3709 n. lockwood ridge road in sarasota, florida. learn more at our store page or take a quick walk-through in this store video. can i customize your amish furniture? yes. our amish made furniture is completely customizable. visit our custom amish furniture page for more information about custom options. which stain or finish color should i choose? this is one of the biggest questions we get, and for good reason. finish color can have a huge impact on the final look of your piece. in this video, beth helps you narrow down which stains might be best for you, but don't forget to order stain samples to help you make your final decision: https://www.dutchcrafters.com/sample-kits/cat/780. how can i contact a furniture specialist? contact us via email at questions@dutchcrafters.com or feel free to call our number 941-867-2233. questions will normally be answered within 24 hours. do i need to pay sales tax? dutchcrafters is required to collect sales tax on purchases shipped into certain states, based on the state’s requirements. if you are required to pay sales tax, it will be added during checkout. for details, visit our terms and conditions page. when is the best time to buy furniture? we recommend you order early! in fact, for your perfect furniture made just for you, you'll want to order 4 months ahead of time to ensure delivery of standard indoor furniture for an event or special occasion. but make sure to view stain samples and consider your options before finalizing your order. watch this video for more details! spring sale | save up to 15% why shop dutchcrafters? largest collection of solid wood amish furniture products online. furniture specialists are available to help you customize your order. call 941-867-2233. free stain samples (when returned within 30 days) help you find the perfect finish. only 40% down to start your order on qualifying purchases over $2,000. ship it all for $249 standard shipping per order on most products. made in america from the backroads of indiana, ohio and pennsylvania. why shop dutchcrafters? watch the video trees planted we are planting a new tree right here in america for every dutchcrafters order placed. click to learn more. our company about dutchcrafters contact us our locations business sales made in america terms & conditions furniture delivery our resources learning center timber to table blog video library the amish furniture podcast frequently asked questions customer testimonials furniture care our products shop by styles shop the look shop by collections shop new products stain and fabric samples site map follow us facebook twitter youtube pinterest instagram linkedin office: 941-867-2233  |  email a question  |  3709 n. lockwood ridge road, sarasota, florida 34234 *promotion pricing and discounts must be used at time of purchase  |  promotion pricing valid only for duration of promotion  |  promotion pricing and discounts not valid on berlin gardens, luxcraft, barkman furniture, hubbardton forge, and amish sheds and chicken coops collection  |  promotions, discounts, sales or coupons cannot be combined © copyrights 2003 - 2025 dutchcrafters all rights reserved. 3/31/2025 10:14:05 pm