来源URL: https://web.archive.org/web/20111218094758/http://www.allparts.com/Terms.asp
================================================================================

guitar parts | bass guitar parts | amp parts | allparts.com shopping cart  |   log in/out  |   my account (713) 466-6414monday - friday8:30am - 5:30pm cst guitar parts, bass parts, & amp parts supplierhomeabout usdealer informationinternational distributorscommunityblog sign up for our newsletters! go dealer resources express order form deals and specials allparts exclusives featured products new products kits and combos sales, closeouts, rares browse categories all guitar and bass parts acoustic guitar parts american made guitar parts brands guitar screws color or material left-handed parts t-shirts, picks, strings luthier tools and supplies amp parts browse by guitar jazzmaster® parts stratocaster® parts telecaster® parts secure ordering terms, conditions, and disclaimers please read the following terms and conditions of use carefully before using this website. all users of this site agree that access to and use of this site are subject to the following terms and conditions and other applicable law. if you do not agree to these terms and conditions, please do not use this site.copyrightthe entire content included in this site, including but not limited to text, graphics or code is copyrighted as a collective work under the united states and other copyright laws, and is the property of allparts music corporation. the collective work includes works that are licensed to allparts music corporation. copyright 2010, allparts music corporation all rights reserved. permission is granted to electronically copy and print hard copy portions of this site for the sole purpose of placing an order with allparts music corporation or purchasing allparts music corporation products. you may display and, subject to any expressly stated restrictions or limitations relating to specific material, download or print portions of the material from the different areas of the site solely for your own non-commercial use, or to place an order with allparts music corporation or to purchase allparts music corporation products. any other use, including but not limited to the reproduction, distribution, display or transmission of the content of this site is strictly prohibited, unless authorized by allparts music corporation. you further agree not to change or delete any proprietary notices from materials downloaded from the site. images, descriptions, contentcustom coding, product descriptions, articles, blog entries, product images, banner ads, graphics, and all other forms of content displayed on allparts.com are either created by or purchased for allparts music corporation or used with permission by the respective owner. the use of content from allparts.com without approval is strictly forbidden. trademarksall trademarks, service marks and trade names of allparts music corporation used in the site are trademarks or registered trademarks of allparts music corporation. these parts are made by or for allparts and are not to be represented as products of the following companies: fender®, strat®, stratocaster®, esquire®, telecaster®, tele®, jazzmaster®, jaguar®, mustang®, p-bass®, and j-bass® are registered trademarks of fender musical instruments corporation. the replacement necks are for a fender® or squier® by fender® guitar or bass. the distinctive headstock designs of the stratocaster®, telecaster®, j-bass®, and p-bass® are registered trademarks of fender musical instruments corporation. necks licensed to allparts® music corporation by fender musical instruments corporation are under a quality control trademark license. allparts® music corporation is not affiliated with fender® and no fender® warranty applies. charvel® is a registered trademark of jackson/charvel manufacturing, inc. emg® is a registered trademark of emg, inc. floyd rose® is a registered trademark of floyd rose industries. gibson®, les paul®, s.g.®, flying v®, es-175®, es-335®, l-5®, byrdland®, epiphone® and p-90® are registered trademarks of gibson guitar corp. gretsch® is a registered trademark of fred gretsch® enterprises. kahler® is a registered trademark of american precision metalworks. kluson® is a registered trademark of w.d. music inc. martin® is a registered trademark of martin guitar co. moses, inc. is not affiliated with fender® and no fender® warranty applies. musicman® is a registered trademark of ernie ball company. peavey® is a registered trademark of peavey® electronics coporation. rickenbacker® is a registered trademark of rickenbacker international corp.warranty disclaimerunless otherwise indicated, all allparts products are warranted against defect for a period of one year from purchase date. defective merchandise may be returned up to one year from the date of purchase provided no alterations have been made. invoice number must be provided.to the fullest extent permissible pursuant to applicable law, allparts music corporation disclaims all warranties, express or implied, including, but not limited to, implied warranties of merchantability and fitness for a particular purpose and non-infringement. allparts music corporation does not represent or warrant that the functions contained in the site will be uninterrupted or error-free, that the defects will be corrected, or that this site or the server that makes the site available are free of viruses or other harmful components. allparts music corporation does not make any warranties or representations regarding the use of the materials in this site in terms of their correctness, accuracy, adequacy, usefulness, timeliness, reliability or otherwise. some states do not permit limitations or exclusions on warranties, so the above limitations may not apply to you.limitation of liabilityallparts music corporation shall not be liable for any special or consequential damages that result from the use of, or the inability to use, the materials on this site or the performance of the products, even if allparts music corporation has been advised of the possibility of such damages. applicable law may not allow the limitation of exclusion of liability or incidental or consequential damages, so the above limitation or exclusion may not apply to you.return policy at allparts music corporation's discretion, returns, refunds, or credits may be accepted or issued within 60 days of the original purchase date, provided the product is returned in its original packaging with a copy of the customer's invoice or invoice number. opened items may be accepted on a case by case basis, and may also be subject to restocking fee of at least 15%. the customer is responsible for return shipping costs.fender®, gibson® and tonepros® products must be returned in the original packaging.pickguard returns will only be accepted with the protective sheet intact.defective merchandise may be returned up to one year from the date of purchase provided no alterations have been made. invoice number must be provided.customers who have purchased allparts products from an allparts dealer must return their products to that specific dealer. notice to allparts dealers with websites dealer / reseller identification allparts dealers are required to identify themselves as such on their website. this may be in the form of a footnote, in the site's "about us" section, or anywhere else on the site that is readily accessible. allparts does not require any specific wording, but some examples may be "authorized allparts dealer" or "allparts dealer." acknowledgment of rights and property 1) allparts owns patents on the electrosocket™ products ep-5270-002, ep-5270-003, and ep-5270-010. again, allparts does not require specific wording, but webmasters must disclose this patent ownership when on product pages associated with the electrosocket. 2) specific allparts necks are licensed to allparts by fender. the following statement must be included with the description of all allparts necks whose product code begins with j, p, t, s and l - except for any paddle head or half-paddle head necks. i.e., anything with a headstock identical to a fender headstock: "this neck is licensed to allparts music corporation by fender® musical instruments under a quality control trademark license. allparts music corporation is not affiliated with fender and no fender warranty applies." use of product images and descriptions allparts provides limited access to product images and descriptions to assist webmasters in the sale of allparts products. allparts' product descriptions should be used as a guide or starting point to non-identical content. allparts' product images should be used conservatively and / or as a placeholder for the dealers' own images. outright duplication or en-masse copying of allparts website content is strictly prohibited. use of the allparts name and branding 1) dealers must maintain the association between the allparts name and allparts products. allparts products must be clearly represented as such. 2 the allparts name may not be used in such a manner as to compete with allparts music corporation in search engine results pages (serp). allparts' website coding, including but not limited to site and / or page titles meta data, may not be used to compete with allparts music corporation on serps either. typographical errorsin the event that a allparts music corporation product is mistakenly listed at an incorrect price, allparts music corporation reserves the right to refuse or cancel any orders placed for product listed at the incorrect price. allparts music corporation reserves the right to refuse or cancel any such orders whether or not the order has been confirmed and your credit card charged. if your credit card has already been charged for the purchase and your order is canceled, allparts music corporation shall issue a credit to your credit card account in the amount of the incorrect price.term; terminationthese terms and conditions are applicable to you upon your accessing the site and/or completing the registration or shopping process. these terms and conditions, or any part of them, may be terminated by allparts music corporation without notice at any time, for any reason. the provisions relating to copyrights, trademark, disclaimer, limitation of liability, indemnification and miscellaneous, shall survive any termination.noticeallparts music corporation may deliver notice to you by means of e-mail, a general notice on the site, or by other reliable method to the address you have provided to allparts music corporation.miscellaneousyour use of this site shall be governed in all respects by the laws of the state of texas, u.s.a., without regard to choice of law provisions, and not by the 1980 u.n. convention on contracts for the international sale of goods. you agree that jurisdiction over and venue in any legal proceeding directly or indirectly arising out of or relating to this site (including but not limited to the purchase of allparts music corporation products) shall be in the state or federal courts located in harris county, texas. any cause of action or claim you may have with respect to the site (including but not limited to the purchase of allparts music corporation products) must be commenced within one (1) year after the claim or cause of action arises. allparts music corporation's failure to insist upon or enforce strict performance of any provision of these terms and conditions shall not be construed as a waiver of any provision or right. neither the course of conduct between the parties nor trade practice shall act to modify any of these terms and conditions. allparts music corporation may assign its rights and duties under this agreement to any party at any time without notice to you.use of siteharassment in any manner or form on the site, including via e-mail, chat, or by use of obscene or abusive language, is strictly forbidden. impersonation of others, including a allparts music corporation or other licensed employee, host, or representative, as well as other members or visitors on the site is prohibited. you may not upload to, distribute, or otherwise publish through the site any content which is libelous, defamatory, obscene, threatening, invasive of privacy or publicity rights, abusive, illegal, or otherwise objectionable which may constitute or encourage a criminal offense, violate the rights of any party or which may otherwise give rise to liability or violate any law. you may not upload commercial content on the site or use the site to solicit others to join or become members of any other commercial online service or other organization. participation disclaimerallparts music corporation does not and cannot review all communications and materials posted to or created by users accessing the site, and is not in any manner responsible for the content of these communications and materials. you acknowledge that by providing you with the ability to view and distribute user-generated content on the site, allparts music corporation is merely acting as a passive conduit for such distribution and is not undertaking any obligation or liability relating to any contents or activities on the site. however, allparts music corporation reserves the right to block or remove communications or materials that it determines to be (a) abusive, defamatory, or obscene, (b) fraudulent, deceptive, or misleading, (c) in violation of a copyright, trademark or; other intellectual property right of another or (d) offensive or otherwise unacceptable to allparts music corporation in its sole discretion.indemnificationyou agree to indemnify, defend, and hold harmless allparts music corporation, its officers, directors, employees, agents, licensees and suppliers (collectively the "service providers") from and against all losses, expenses, damages and costs, including reasonable attorneys' fees, resulting from any violation of these terms and conditions or any activity related to your account (including negligent or wrongful conduct) by you or any other person accessing the site using your internet account.third-party linksin an attempt to provide increased value to our visitors, allparts music corporation may link to sites operated by third parties. however, even if the third party is affiliated with allparts music corporation, allparts music corporation has no control over these linked sites, all of which have separate privacy and data collection practices, independent of allparts music corporation. these linked sites are only for your convenience and therefore you access them at your own risk. nonetheless, allparts music corporation seeks to protect the integrity of its web site and the links placed upon it and therefore requests any feedback on not only its own site, but for sites it links to as well (including if a specific link does not work). allparts music allpartsmusic join the conversation featured categories online offers company | dealer information | community portal | disclaimers | privacy policy | jobs | category index | contact us shop express order form guitar parts bass guitar parts acoustic guitar parts tubes, amp parts, pedal parts allparts company info dealer information help privacy terms account log in | log out my account my cart my wishlist subscribe to news downloads 2011 price list (pdf) copyright © 2011 allparts music corporation. all rights reserved. website design and internet marketing by designbigger.com shopping cart software by volusion