来源URL: https://web.archive.org/web/20250405165559/https://www.allparts.com/pages/terms-of-use
================================================================================

terms of use skip to content click here to sign up to our email list for 10% off your order! order $500 - $999.99 and receive 5% off.   order $1,000 or more and receive 10% off. click here to sign up to our email list for 10% off your order! order $500 - $999.99 and receive 5% off.   order $1,000 or more and receive 10% off. language english español update language language english english español shop by category shop by category go to shop by category bass necks bass necks go to bass necks all bass necks unfinished bass necks finished bass necks bodies bodies go to bodies all bodies body blanks bass bodies guitar bodies bridges bridges go to bridges all bridges acoustic bridges acoustic saddles archtop bridges banjo bridges bass bridges bass covers bass saddles bridge parts bridge pins bridges for strat bridges for tele locking tremolos locking tremolo saddles modern tremolos non-tremolo bridges saddles for strat saddles for tele tremolo arms tunematics vintage style tremolos electronics electronics go to electronics all electronics nuts & washers input & output jacks capacitors battery & shielding gear potentiometers switches wiring wiring kits harnesses fret wire fret wire go to fret wire all fret wire small fret wire medium fret wire jumbo fret wire guitar necks guitar necks go to guitar necks all guitar necks unfinished guitar necks finished guitar necks hardware hardware go to hardware all hardware brackets & rests case parts control plates ferrules jack plates neck plates screws strap locks & buttons string guides knobs knobs go to knobs all knobs metal knobs plastic knobs switch knobs wood & horn knobs volume and speed knobs luthier tools luthier tools go to luthier tools all luthier tools finishes, paint, and finishing products fret tools glue & polish hex wrenches nut slotting tools truss rod wrenches wood tools misc. tools neck parts neck parts go to neck parts all neck parts binding bone nuts bone nut blanks fingerboards inlays & dots locking nuts metal & roller nuts synthetic nuts truss rods pickguards pickguards go to pickguards all pickguards bass pickguards pickguards for gibson pickguards for tele pickguards for strat tremolo spring covers pickups pickups go to pickups all pickups bass pickups guitar pickups acoustic guitar pickups pickup covers pickup rings pickup winding parts onboard electronics razor pickups tailpieces tailpieces go to tailpieces all tailpieces bigsby vibratos bigsby parts stop tailpieces trapeze tailpieces vibramate accessories tuning keys tuning keys go to tuning keys all tuning keys banjo tuners bass tuners bushings & buttons classical tuners mandolin tuners tuners 3x3 6-in-line tuners misc .tuners misc gear shop by brand shop by brand go to shop by brand a-b a-b go to a-b abm advanced plating allparts select allparts alpha badass babicz bigrock innovations bigsby bondhus bourns c-f c-f go to c-f certano crl cts dunlop emerson custom fishman floyd rose g-i g-i go to g-i gluboost goldo gotoh graph tech grover gurian g&w - guitar & woods halon hipshot indasa j-q j-q go to j-q joe barden kahler nitorlack pickup leslee oak grigsby primo q-parts r-s r-s go to r-s razor satellite city schaller summit tools switchcraft t-w t-w go to t-w tesi switch tonepros tone vise toptul tremol-no™ tritan true tune/ true lok vega-trem vibramate vintage clone wilkinson shop new shop sales explore our community twitter facebook instagram youtube linkedin search search log in 00 items subtotal $0.00 shop by category bass necks all bass necks unfinished bass necks finished bass necks go to bass necks bodies all bodies body blanks bass bodies guitar bodies go to bodies bridges all bridges acoustic bridges acoustic saddles archtop bridges banjo bridges bass bridges bass covers bass saddles bridge parts bridge pins bridges for strat bridges for tele locking tremolos locking tremolo saddles modern tremolos non-tremolo bridges saddles for strat saddles for tele tremolo arms tunematics vintage style tremolos go to bridges electronics all electronics nuts & washers input & output jacks capacitors battery & shielding gear potentiometers switches wiring wiring kits harnesses go to electronics fret wire all fret wire small fret wire medium fret wire jumbo fret wire go to fret wire guitar necks all guitar necks unfinished guitar necks finished guitar necks go to guitar necks hardware all hardware brackets & rests case parts control plates ferrules jack plates neck plates screws strap locks & buttons string guides go to hardware knobs all knobs metal knobs plastic knobs switch knobs wood & horn knobs volume and speed knobs go to knobs luthier tools all luthier tools finishes, paint, and finishing products fret tools glue & polish hex wrenches nut slotting tools truss rod wrenches wood tools misc. tools go to luthier tools neck parts all neck parts binding bone nuts bone nut blanks fingerboards inlays & dots locking nuts metal & roller nuts synthetic nuts truss rods go to neck parts pickguards all pickguards bass pickguards pickguards for gibson pickguards for tele pickguards for strat tremolo spring covers go to pickguards pickups all pickups bass pickups guitar pickups acoustic guitar pickups pickup covers pickup rings pickup winding parts onboard electronics razor pickups go to pickups tailpieces all tailpieces bigsby vibratos bigsby parts stop tailpieces trapeze tailpieces vibramate accessories go to tailpieces tuning keys all tuning keys banjo tuners bass tuners bushings & buttons classical tuners mandolin tuners tuners 3x3 6-in-line tuners misc .tuners go to tuning keys misc gear go to shop by category shop by brand a-b abm advanced plating allparts select allparts alpha badass babicz bigrock innovations bigsby bondhus bourns c-f certano crl cts dunlop emerson custom fishman floyd rose g-i gluboost goldo gotoh graph tech grover gurian g&w - guitar & woods halon hipshot indasa j-q joe barden kahler nitorlack pickup leslee oak grigsby primo q-parts r-s razor satellite city schaller summit tools switchcraft t-w tesi switch tonepros tone vise toptul tremol-no™ tritan true tune/ true lok vega-trem vibramate vintage clone wilkinson go to shop by brand shop new shop sales explore our community home terms of use terms of use please read the following terms and conditions of use carefully before using this website. all users of this site agree that access to and use of this site are subject to the following terms and conditions and other applicable law. if you do not agree to these terms and conditions, please do not use this site. copyright the entire content included in this site, including but not limited to text, graphics or code is copyrighted as a collective work under the united states and other copyright laws, and is the property of allparts music corp. the collective work includes works that are licensed to allparts music corp. copyright 2016, allparts music corp. all rights reserved. permission is granted to electronically copy and print hard copy portions of this site for the sole purpose of placing an order with allparts music corp. or purchasing allparts music corp. products. you may display and, subject to any expressly stated restrictions or limitations relating to specific material, download or print portions of the material from the different areas of the site solely for your own non-commercial use, or to place an order with allparts music corp. or to purchase allparts music corp. products. any other use, including but not limited to the reproduction, distribution, display or transmission of the content of this site is strictly prohibited, unless authorized by allparts music corp. you further agree not to change or delete any proprietary notices from materials downloaded from the site. images, descriptions, content custom coding, product descriptions, articles, blog entries, product images, banner ads, graphics, and all other forms of content displayed on allparts.com are either created by or purchased for allparts music corporation or used with permission by the respective owner. the use of content from allparts.com without approval is strictly forbidden. trademarks allparts®, the allparts logo, and logo / artwork design(s), are registered trademarks of allparts music corporation.all other trademarks, service marks and trade names present on allparts.com are trademarks or registered trademarks of their respective owners. these parts are made by or for allparts and are not to be represented as products of the following companies: fender®, strat®, stratocaster®, esquire®, telecaster®, tele®, jazzmaster®, jaguar®, mustang®, p-bass®, and j-bass® are registered trademarks of fender musical instruments corporation. the replacement necks are for a fender® or squier® by fender® guitar or bass. the distinctive headstock designs of the stratocaster®, telecaster®, j-bass®, and p-bass® are registered trademarks of fender musical instruments corporation. necks licensed to allparts® music corporation by fender musical instruments corporation are under a quality control trademark license. allparts® music corporation is not affiliated with fender® and no fender® warranty applies. charvel® is a registered trademark of jackson/charvel manufacturing, inc. emg® is a registered trademark of emg, inc. floyd rose® is a registered trademark of floyd rose industries. gibson®, les paul®, s.g.®, flying v®, es-175®, es-335®, l-5®, byrdland®, epiphone® and p-90® are registered trademarks of gibson guitar corp. gretsch® is a registered trademark of fred gretsch® enterprises. kahler® is a registered trademark of american precision metalworks. kluson® is a registered trademark of w.d. music inc. martin® is a registered trademark of martin guitar co. moses, inc. is not affiliated with fender® and no fender® warranty applies. musicman® is a registered trademark of ernie ball company. peavey® is a registered trademark of peavey® electronics coporation. rickenbacker® is a registered trademark of rickenbacker international corp. warranty disclaimer unless otherwise indicated, all allparts products are warranted against defect for a period of one year from purchase date. defective merchandise may be returned up to one year from the date of purchase provided no alterations have been made. invoice number must be provided. to the fullest extent permissible pursuant to applicable law, allparts music corp. disclaims all warranties, express or implied, including, but not limited to, implied warranties of merchantability and fitness for a particular purpose and non-infringement. allparts music corp. does not represent or warrant that the functions contained in the site will be uninterrupted or error-free, that the defects will be corrected, or that this site or the server that makes the site available are free of viruses or other harmful components. allparts music corp. does not make any warranties or representations regarding the use of the materials in this site in terms of their correctness, accuracy, adequacy, usefulness, timeliness, reliability or otherwise. some states do not permit limitations or exclusions on warranties, so the above limitations may not apply to you. limitation of liability allparts music corp. shall not be liable for any special or consequential damages that result from the use of, or the inability to use, the materials on this site or the performance of the products, even if allparts music corp. has been advised of the possibility of such damages. applicable law may not allow the limitation of exclusion of liability or incidental or consequential damages, so the above limitation or exclusion may not apply to you. return policy product-specific return policy some products have different return and exchange conditions due to product material, licensing agreements, and other factors. to view a product's return policy, visit that product on allparts.com and click the tab labeled "this product's return policy" - or - simply contact us. product-specific return conditions supersede the general return policy listed below. general return policy returns, refunds, or credits may be accepted or issued within 90 days of the original purchase date, provided the product is returned in its original packaging with a copy of the customer's invoice or invoice number. all returns are subject to restocking fee of 15%. the customer is responsible for return shipping costs. fender®, gibson® and tonepros® products must be returned in the original packaging. pickguard returns will only be accepted with the protective sheet intact, having not been removed. defective merchandise may be returned up to one year from the date of purchase provided no alterations have been made. invoice number must be provided. customers who have purchased allparts products from an allparts dealer must return their products to that specific dealer. due to our closeout sales being offered to our customers at prices below our cost, all closeout sales are final. no refunds, exchanges or returns will be accepted. rma return / exchange form to return or exchange any products from your order, please visit our online return and exchange form to generate and print your rma documents. sale and closeout products closeout products are parts that are no longer part of our regular inventory. these products have had their price reduced so we can get them all out of our warehouse and clear our shelves for new parts. there are no refunds on these products, but defective items may be be returned for store credit only. buy at your own risk. sale products are parts that we stock as part of our regular inventory,but have had their price reduced temporarily for a promotion. we sometimes run weekend-long themed sales on specific product types (example: 10% off red parts). these are an example of sale products, and the discount only applies to orders placed through our webstore. because sale products are part of our regular inventory, the general return policy applies to them and returns and refunds are accepted as with any other regular item. special orders special orders of products direct from the manufacturer require a non-refundable 50% deposit. the customer is responsible for researching and supplying the exact manufacturer product code / part number to allparts. shipping for these products follows our standard pricing structure available at www.allparts.com/shipping. special order products cannot be returned or exchanged except in the case of defect. international shipping of branded products fender® and gibson® products can only be shipped outside the united states at full retail price. tonepros products cannot be shipped outside the united states at all. international shipping of shell and celluloid products products containing natural shell material such as abalone and mother of pearl and products with a "-046" product suffix containing nitrocellulose cannot be shipped outside the united states at all. these products will be removed from international orders and the appropriate adjustments to the order total will be made. notices to allparts dealers with websites dealer / reseller identification allparts dealers utilizing product images, descriptions, specification sheets, or other resources provided by allparts are required to identify themselves as allparts dealers on their website. this may be in the form of a footnote, in the site's "about us" section, or anywhere else on the site that is readily accessible. allparts does not require any specific wording, but some examples may be "authorized allparts dealer" or "allparts dealer." acknowledgment of rights and property allparts® and the allparts logo and design are active registered trademarks of allparts music corp. use of the allparts name is required by allparts dealers when reselling allparts products and utilizing electronic data and resources provided by allparts music corp. specific allparts necks are licensed to allparts by fender®. the following statement must be included with the description of all allparts necks whose product code begins with j, p, t, s and l except for any paddle head or half-paddle head necks. i.e., anything with a headstock identical to a fender headstock: "this neck is licensed to allparts® music corp by fender® musical instruments under a quality control trademark license. allparts music corp is not affiliated with fender and no fender warranty applies. the preceding statement must not be edited in any manner. use of product images and descriptions allparts provides limited access to product images and descriptions to assist webmasters in the sale of allparts products. allparts' product descriptions should be used as a guide or starting point to developing non-identical content. allparts' product images should be used conservatively and / or as a placeholder for the dealers' own images. outright duplication or en-masse copying of allparts website content is strictly prohibited. use of the allparts name and branding dealers must maintain the association between the allparts name and allparts products. allparts products must be clearly represented as such. the allparts name may not be used in such a manner as to compete with allparts music corporation in search engine results pages (serp). allparts' website coding, including but not limited to site and / or page titles, meta data, product descriptions, and images may not be used to compete with allparts music corporation on serps either. allparts dealers must clearly and openly identify themselves as such on their website(s). allparts dealers are responsible for keeping allparts product images, descriptions, and data up-to-date on their website(s). outright duplication or en-masse copying of allparts website content is strictly prohibited. failure to comply with all of these stipulations regarding use of allparts' code, resources, product images, and descriptions may result in a formal website takedown request, revocation of pricing discounts, refusal of service, and / or legal action. typographical errors in the event that a allparts music corp. product is mistakenly listed at an incorrect price, allparts music corp. reserves the right to refuse or cancel any orders placed for product listed at the incorrect price. allparts music corp. reserves the right to refuse or cancel any such orders whether or not the order has been confirmed and your credit card charged. if your credit card has already been charged for the purchase and your order is canceled, allparts music corp. shall issue a credit to your credit card account in the amount of the incorrect price. product reviews allparts music corp. reserves the right to remove, exclude, correct, reformat, or otherwise edit product reviews submitted by customers. term; termination these terms and conditions are applicable to you upon your accessing the site and / or completing the registration or shopping process. these terms and conditions, or any part of them, may be terminated by allparts music corp. without notice at any time, for any reason. the provisions relating to copyrights, trademark, disclaimer, limitation of liability, indemnification and miscellaneous, shall survive any termination. notice allparts music corp. may deliver notice to you by means of e-mail, a general notice on the site, or by other reliable method to the address you have provided to allparts music corp. miscellaneous your use of this site shall be governed in all respects by the laws of the state of texas in the united states of america, without regard to choice of law provisions, and not by the 1980 u.n. convention on contracts for the international sale of goods. you agree that jurisdiction over and venue in any legal proceeding directly or indirectly arising out of or relating to this site (including but not limited to the purchase of allparts music corp. products) shall be in the state or federal courts located in harris county, texas. any cause of action or claim you may have with respect to the site (including but not limited to the purchase of allparts music corp. products) must be commenced within one (1) year after the claim or cause of action arises. allparts music corp.'s failure to insist upon or enforce strict performance of any provision of these terms and conditions shall not be construed as a waiver of any provision or right. neither the course of conduct between the parties nor trade practice shall act to modify any of these terms and conditions. allparts music corp. may assign its rights and duties under this agreement to any party at any time without notice to you. use of site harassment in any manner or form on allparts.com, the allparts blog, or external social media pages like facebook and twitter, including via e-mail, chat, or by use of obscene or abusive language, is strictly forbidden. impersonation of others, including a allparts music corp. or other licensed employee, host, or representative, as well as other members or visitors on the site is prohibited. you may not upload to, distribute, or otherwise publish through the site any content which is libelous, defamatory, obscene, threatening, invasive of privacy or publicity rights, abusive, illegal, or otherwise objectionable which may constitute or encourage a criminal offense, violate the rights of any party or which may otherwise give rise to liability or violate any law. you may not upload commercial content on the site or use the site to solicit others to join or become members of any other commercial online service or other organization. participation disclaimer allparts music corp. does not and cannot review all communications and materials posted to or created by users accessing the site, and is not in any manner responsible for the content of these communications and materials. you acknowledge that by providing you with the ability to view and distribute user-generated content on the site, allparts music corp. is merely acting as a passive conduit for such distribution and is not undertaking any obligation or liability relating to any contents or activities on the site. however, allparts music corp. reserves the right to block or remove communications or materials that it determines to be (a) abusive, defamatory, or obscene, (b) fraudulent, deceptive, or misleading, (c) in violation of a copyright, trademark or; other intellectual property right of another or (d) offensive or otherwise unacceptable to allparts music corp. in its sole discretion. indemnification you agree to indemnify, defend, and hold harmless allparts music corp., its officers, directors, employees, agents, licensees and suppliers (collectively the "service providers") from and against all losses, expenses, damages and costs, including reasonable attorneys' fees, resulting from any violation of these terms and conditions or any activity related to your account (including negligent or wrongful conduct) by you or any other person accessing the site using your internet account. third-party links in an attempt to provide increased value to our visitors, allparts music corp. may link to sites operated by third parties. however, even if the third party is affiliated with allparts music corp., allparts music corp. has no control over these linked sites, all of which have separate privacy and data collection practices, independent of allparts music corp.. these linked sites are only for your convenience and therefore you access them at your own risk. nonetheless, allparts music corp. seeks to protect the integrity of its web site and the links placed upon it and therefore requests any feedback on not only its own site, but for sites it links to as well (including if a specific link does not work). don't miss outbe the first to know about new products, featured content, exclusive offers and giveaways. email subscribe 13027 brittmoore park dr. houston, tx 77041 (713) 466-6414 allparts@allparts.com help and info returns & exchanges shipping terms of use privacy policy accessibility statement community explore our community become an allparts dealer premium builder's club premium installation partner premium international distribution partners account contact us create an account log in dealer application wishlist language english español update language language english english español twitter facebook instagram youtube linkedin payment methods american express apple pay discover google pay mastercard paypal shop pay visa © 2025, allparts music powered by shopify choosing a selection results in a full page refresh. enable accessibility accessibility close icon close accessibility widget reset all checked mark statement language english french spanish german italian portuguese chinese japanese arabic hebrew persian adjust font size checked mark font size screen reader checked mark screen reader contrast checked mark contrast inverted low contrast high contrast highlight links checked mark highlight links change cursor checked mark cursor text align text left text right checked mark text align text left text center text right saturation icon checked mark saturation low saturation high saturation grayscale line height checked mark line height letter spacing checked mark letter spacing stop animations checked mark stop animations mute sounds checked mark mute sounds hide image checked mark hide images adjust text colors checked mark reset adjust heading colors checked mark reset adjust background colors checked mark reset