来源URL: https://web.archive.org/web/20131227003556/http://www.diplomaframe.com/about-our-frames/customer-testimonials.aspx
================================================================================

customer testimonials - church hill classics home | login | cart | blog | contact us 800-477-9005 online support college and university diploma frameshigh school and prep frames high school fundraising program design your frameassociation certificate framesprofessional certificate and license frames license framesstate seal frames corporate framing and awards awards, logo frames and gifts credential and certificate frames certificate printing and personalization awards and plaquesrecognition frames and giftscustomer appreciation frameslogo and event commemorative photo framescorporate desk accessories custom framing for businesses wholesale picture framingcontract framing services and fulfillmenthospitality and facility framing servicespublication reprint framing framing catalog request or download military frames and display casesgreek organization frames sorority and fraternity frameshonor society frames special occasion frames graduation frames and gifts graduation autographlasting memories photo framesgraditude frames school memory keepsake frames and giftsnew baby and baby shower frames and giftspicture frames and autograph frames sports frames and awards varsity letter framesathletic framing and awards insignia desk accessoriesphoto framesgift certificates why frame your diploma?frames custom made for youmuseum quality document protectionmat colors and optionsframe mouldingslevel-lock picture frame hanging system order level-lock licensing and contributionscustomer testimonialsrequest a brochure contact usour commitment and guaranteereturn policyshipping information accelerated shippingduty-free shipping to canada shopping our sitefrequently asked questions (faq)how to measure your documentdiploma framing instructionsframing and restoration tips and resourcesgive us feedbackgift certificate check balance home > about our frames > customer testimonials shop frames and gifts about our frames why frame your diploma? frames custom made for you museum quality document protection mat colors and options frame mouldings level-lock picture frame hanging system licensing and contributions customer testimonials request a brochure about us customer service about our partner program blog contests "i was looking for a company that provided my college's name and seal on the matting or the frame. your company was the first that i came across on the web. i liked the variety i could choose from: with tassel, pennant, campus picture, or just the diploma. i received excellent product, excellent service and excellent quality."teresa s., east berlin, pa customer testimonials "church hill makes an extraordinary product. the quality is excellent. the appearance is beautiful. easy mounting. the customer service is just as extraordinary... this is the only place you should look for you frame." - alex b. "the frame is even more beautiful than in the picture. my husband is very happy and it was for a christmas gift and arrived in plenty of time. thank you!" - demi j. "the frame was beautiful and was packed perfectly and professionally. i was very impressed with the quality of the product, the packing, the instructions, and with the service." - julie z. "the frame i bought was a christmas gift for my son who recently earned a master's degree. he just took a position as a high school principal and now has an office in which to hang his diplomas. i was very pleased with the quality of the frame." - sue u., chillicothe, oh "the only bad thing was choosing which style frame!!! i was incredibly impressed with the frame--the quality and styles to choose from. i was floored at how fast it arrived and that it came with acid free tape and all the tools and directions to hang it on the wall. this is the first of my four girls to graduate college and if i'm not totally broke, i will be coming back." - amy c., pennsylvania "...i purchased three of your beautiful diploma frames from each of my children's colleges to give as part of their christmas gifts this year. they look fantastic!!!" -mary ann candio "thank you for going above and beyond all expectations. your online customer service program is fabulous. there should be more online help programs such as this with other online companies. keep up the great work!" -rachel r., providence, ri "today, i received my first document frame. it is unbelievably beautiful! honestly, i was not expecting such perfectionism." -kim s., fairfax, va "i’ve just placed my order and love the look of the frame!!!!!!!!! thank you so much for your follow-up and phenomenal customer service." -carmine n., new york, ny "i just wanted to say my diploma frame arrived, and it is beautiful. i had one for my b.a. and it was so nice, i ordered another (matching) for my master's. they look great and you folks do a remarkable job!! i will recommend you to everyone i know! thanks again." -bette "i just received my second diploma frame from church hill classics and i love them both!  i went to a couple of framing places who advertised a 50% savings, but they were still at least 25% higher in price. thank you for your quality products at fair prices. i remain a satisfied customer." -timothy l., baltimore, md "i believe i got more than i paid for! this diploma frame and matting are absolutely beautiful. thank you!" -laurel s., greensburg, pa "i recently received my diploma frame (through the uconn co-op) and the quality is amazing." -paul m., ct "i really hesitated ordering a diploma frame online and looked at tons of websites. i liked your guarantee so i went with you guys. i received the diploma frame yesterday. i was more than impressed. my husband cannot stop looking at his diploma in the frame. i will definitely use you guys again and recommend you to all our student friends. thanks for a job well done." -john, lilburn, ga "thank you for the ease of ordering diploma frames for both of my sons who recently graduated… and reasonably priced!" -mary claire h. "this site is so easy to use! thank you. i have no doubt that the diploma frame quality is as good as the quality of your diplomaframe.com website! i will certainly recommend your service to anyone i can!" -marci, olathe, ks "thank you church hill classics! i rank your customer service department as ‘outstanding’. i will definitely refer my friends and colleagues to your business." -dr. wesam, kansas city, mo "thank you so much for all of your efforts! this is the best customer service i’ve experienced when it comes to online purchases!" -carol c., houston, tx "i think your diploma frames are so elegant, i have one for my bachelor's and master's. i've just received my doctorate and want a frame so i can hang all the frames together in my office." -mark, johns hopkins, 2002 graduate "recently i received the diploma frame which i had ordered through the princeton university store, and want to thank you for the fine quality and beauty of the frame. my son’s diploma could not be displayed more finely." -elma, philadelphia, pa "thank you so much for replying to me so quickly. i am relatively new to purchasing things on the web. i placed an order with your company for two reasons. the first being the superior quality of your reasonably priced diploma frames. and the second, your value of customer service." -claire, galesburg, illinois "your diploma frames more than exceeded my expectations! it's great to see there are still quality craftsmen in the u.s.a." -rupert, houston, tx "i received my diploma frame and it is perfect! your craftsmanship is incredible and your customer service has been exemplary! i look forward to my next frame purchase." -chris, bourbon, in "i absolutely love my diploma frame! i'm asked over and over again where i bought my frame. it's beautifully made. i plan to shop with you again in the future!" -elizabeth, greensboro, nc "we recently purchased a diploma frame for our son's graduation and at the same time, our son thought it would be a wonderful idea to replace my husband's diploma frame with a similar frame. we are thoroughly impressed with the workmanship and the excellent, courteous treatment we received from employees at your company!" -ellen, duck key, fl "i just received my newly framed diploma. everything from the perfect packaging to the meticulously clean glass says "quality". i am very pleased by this fine presentation. thank you, and keep up the fine work." -dan b., annapolis, md "just wanted to say thanks to you and your team for a great job on the custom dual diploma frame that i ordered recently. it looks great, shipped quickly, and is exactly what i've wanted for many years. thanks again, your extra effort is greatly appreciated!" -john k., lexford ny "i was looking for a company that provided my college's name and seal on the matting or the frame. your company was the first that i came across on the web. i liked the variety i could choose from: with tassel, pennant, campus picture, or just the diploma. i received excellent product, excellent service and excellent quality." -teresa s., east berlin, pa "throughout my academic career, i have framed (professionally) all of my college diplomas, but the one manufactured, packaged and delivered by church hilll classics exceeds, by far, any other product i have either purchased or found available on the market. consequently, i strongly recommend church hill classics frames." -carlos e. rios collazo "engraving was perfect!!! thank you so much for the followup and the timely fulfillment!!" - judy reach condit "got our a&m churh hill diploma frame and are so pleased with it. it is beautiful! i would certainly recommend church hill not only for their exceptional product but for their wonderful customer service. you're simply the best!" -susan "for several months i had been looking for a frame for my son's college diploma. i looked in the college bookstore, as well as local retail framing stores and other online web sites. they all had nice frames but they were missing that "wow" factor. my persistence paid off when i came across the church hill classics webpage. placing the order was easy. my son was able to customize the frame, the mat, his college logo, and even added uv protective glass to design a frame that was perfect to display his 4 years of hard work. it arrived securley packaged with clear and easy framing instructions. the hardware came attached and was ready to hang. it is truly a beautiful, hand crafted frame that is well worth the extra cost over other frames. thank you church hill classics for a high quality, made in the usa product, that definitely says, "wow"! -janice gray "we received the frame today, and it is absolutely gorgeous!  the pictures in the brochure don't do it justice, as the quality and workmanship far exceeded our expectations.  i would highly recommend your company, your level of customer service and the quality of your products." -sue b., elkhorn, ne "exceptional quality; beautiful, elegant, professional...definitely for the perfectionist." -daniel musquiz "purchased five frames so far - extremely helpful customer service, gorgeous, quality products! looking forward to ordering another in three years when my daughter finishes her post-doc program :)" -jeannine e., ocean, nj "we ordered both the diploma and commissioning frames, and they are beautiful. the quality is amazing and we can't wait for our daughter to see them." -maria m., fairfax, va "i just received the church hill classics customized frame i purchased for my son for his college diploma and i have to say that i am more than pleased. first of all the packaging was outstanding and it arrived in very good condition. the quality is superb. very helpful instructions on how to insert the diploma and hang the frame. plus made in the usa, you folks are a class act and i would not hesitate to purchase from you again and highly recommend your services." -ron m., concord, nh "i just wanted to write to say how happy i am with my recent order. i was given a church hill classics diploma frame as a gift when i graduated from bryn mawr college in 2007. when i recently completed my ph.d. and clinical internship, i wanted to make sure that my frames for my diplomas would match this frame. i was able to custom order frames for the university of pennsylvania and brown university that matched my bryn mawr frame. although the dimensions were slightly different, i thought they would be similar enough - but i mentioned in a note on the order form that i hoped that they could be made in the same size. i just received my frames, and they were custom made so that they are exactly the same size. the three frames look great together! i am so pleased with the quality and service. thank you!" - laura s., north adams, ma shop frames & gifts our company need help? partners college & university high school & prep associations professional corporate military greek organizations special occasions sports diploma frames certificate frames license frames logo & award frames gift items photo frames varsity letter frames design your frame gift certificates about us about our frames our commitment & guarantee promotions & contests terms & conditions secure shopping & privacy site map contact us faq framing instructions order tracking shipping give us feedback about our partner program become a partner request a catalog what's new design your frame myframes buyer portal website version: desktop switch to tablet | mobile © church hill classics 2014 connect with us! * * required email send us feedback help dialog