来源URL: https://web.archive.org/web/20161202144555/https://www.diplomaframe.com/about-our-frames/customer-testimonials.aspx
================================================================================

customer testimonials - church hill classics 800-477-9005 live help contact us login cart login search toggle navigation shop frames and gifts college and university diploma frames high school and prep frames high school fundraising program design your frame association certificate frames professional certificate and license frames license frames state seal frames corporate framing and awards awards, logo frames and gifts credential and certificate frames certificate printing and personalization awards and plaques recognition frames and gifts customer appreciation frames logo and event commemorative photo frames corporate desk accessories custom framing for businesses wholesale picture framing contract framing services and fulfillment hospitality and facility framing services publication reprint framing framing catalog request or download military frames and display cases greek organization frames sorority and fraternity frames honor society frames special occasion frames graduation frames and gifts graduation autograph lasting memories photo frames graditude frames school memory keepsake frames and gifts new baby and baby shower frames and gifts picture frames and autograph frames sports frames and awards varsity letter frames athletic framing and awards insignia desk accessories photo frames gift certificates about our frames why frame your diploma? frames custom made for you museum quality document protection diploma frame styles mat colors and options frame mouldings glass options level-lock picture frame hanging system order level-lock licensing and contributions customer testimonials our guarantee about us our culture affiliations and memberships fla wbenc ppfa green practices corporate responsibility policy awards in the news press releases customer service contact us return policy shipping information accelerated shipping duty-free shipping to canada shopping our site frequently asked questions (faq) how to measure your document diploma framing instructions framing and restoration tips and resources give us feedback gift certificate check balance shop frames & gifts (current) about our frames our guarantee about us customer service contact us login search home > about our frames > customer testimonials shop frames and gifts about our frames why frame your diploma? frames custom made for you museum quality document protection diploma frame styles mat colors and options frame mouldings glass options level-lock picture frame hanging system licensing and contributions customer testimonials our guarantee about us customer service about our partner program contests i absolutely love my diploma frame! i'm asked over and over again where i bought my frame. it's beautifully made. i plan to shop with you again in the future!elizabeth, greensboro, nc customer testimonials "i am very happy with my new frame. the quality is excellent, the mounting and hanging could not be easier, and it looks fantastic!" - james b. "frame arrived in perfect condition and i am extremely satisfied with the product and the company as a whole. my wife started crying out of pure happiness when she opened the present on christmas morning! a testament to the craftsmanship of your products." - walter m. got my frame and it is awesome!! - jim t @diplomaframe great company! will definitely #recommend & use again. excellent #customerservice #thankyou— bb (@bb_punk13) june 27, 2015 "quality product, i could not be happier with my purchase from church hill classics. frame arrived on time and now hangs in my office for all to see. i continually receive comments on the frame and will recommend your company." - jay "i could not be happier with the quality and looks of this frame! gorgeous! also, your customer service is above and beyond. i ordered the wrong color on my matte but you helped me get it right with no hassle. thank you! also, shipping was super fast and packaged like a champ. thanks again!" - vicki s. "just got my diploma frame and it is perfect. it looks so much better than the 'official' frame offered by my university. thanks for the great work!" - jeff j. "our son's education cost a fortune and we couldn't help much with that, but he is now a doctor from an ivy league school, so we are so proud of him. we wanted to show him how special he is to us and your company made that possible in a meaningful way. without costing a fortune. thank you so much." - marc l. "i was so pleased with the frame when i received it, it is so beautiful and the customer service individuals were very responsive. then, months later... my office got flooded when the pipes in the building burst. frame and diploma remained intact!!! so pleased---- thank you!!!!" - elizabeth s. "the frame arrived today and it is exquisite! it has exceeded my expectations. i would recommend church hill classics to anyone, not only for their high quality diploma frames, but also their excellent customer service." - bruce j. "i have to say that being a customer of your company has been a pleasure. the quality of your products is exceptional and the customer service is among the best have been involved with. thank you again for all of your help!" - kerri "out of every company i've ever dealt with, your company is far more superior and unmatched in customer service. i deal a lot with vendors who ship & never have i experienced such commitment to communication, service, and overall customer satisfaction." - mina m. "i am completely thrilled with my frames! i have referred your company to several people already. thanks for the time you invest to provide high quality products for a reasonable price." - lori h. "this is a first class operation. i have ordered 10 frames and all of them were exceptional right down to the level with the mounting hardware. i am totally satisfied and highly recommend church hill classics." - anita z. "y'all should pat yourselves on the back! good web site, video of facilities, excellent turnover time and packaging as well. thank you!" - david s. "the frame is absolutely beautiful. my son graduates from the university of kentucky this december (2014) and i know he will love the frame. very classic and will look good in any office or home. thank you so much for such a good product." - karen w. "thank you sooooo much!!! your assistance allowed me to surprise my daughter with an exceptional frame for her degree. boy was she surprised and extremely happy. she just loves it!" - sherry r. "as each of my children have graduated from college, i have ordered your frames for their diplomas. they're beautifully made and make a wonderful gift for them. for a custom made item, they arrive quickly. great product." - jean d. "church hill makes an extraordinary product. the quality is excellent. the appearance is beautiful. easy mounting. the customer service is just as extraordinary... this is the only place you should look for you frame." - alex b. "the frame is even more beautiful than in the picture. my husband is very happy and it was for a christmas gift and arrived in plenty of time. thank you!" - demi j. "the frame was beautiful and was packed perfectly and professionally. i was very impressed with the quality of the product, the packing, the instructions, and with the service." - julie z. thanks to @diplomaframe for one of the best customer service experiences i’ve had. they went the extra mile. lovely frame, too. — kevin m. lerner (@klerner) june 18, 2014 "the frame i bought was a christmas gift for my son who recently earned a master's degree. he just took a position as a high school principal and now has an office in which to hang his diplomas. i was very pleased with the quality of the frame." - sue u., chillicothe, oh "the only bad thing was choosing which style frame!!! i was incredibly impressed with the frame--the quality and styles to choose from. i was floored at how fast it arrived and that it came with acid free tape and all the tools and directions to hang it on the wall. this is the first of my four girls to graduate college and if i'm not totally broke, i will be coming back." - amy c., pennsylvania "...i purchased three of your beautiful diploma frames from each of my children's colleges to give as part of their christmas gifts this year. they look fantastic!!!" - mary ann candio @diplomaframe the frame is absolutely stunning! thank you! great quality & workmanship. — clayton m. billion (@claytonbillion) june 17, 2013 "thank you for going above and beyond all expectations. your online customer service program is fabulous. there should be more online help programs such as this with other online companies. keep up the great work!" - rachel r., providence, ri "today, i received my first document frame. it is unbelievably beautiful! honestly, i was not expecting such perfectionism." - kim s., fairfax, va "i’ve just placed my order and love the look of the frame!!!!!!!!! thank you so much for your follow-up and phenomenal customer service." - carmine n., new york, ny @diplomaframe i am very pleased with the quality of my diploma frame thank you! #etsu #gobucs — chris hammond (@cb_hammond) may 8, 2013 "i just wanted to say my diploma frame arrived, and it is beautiful. i had one for my b.a. and it was so nice, i ordered another (matching) for my master's. they look great and you folks do a remarkable job!! i will recommend you to everyone i know! thanks again." - bette "i just received my second diploma frame from church hill classics and i love them both! i went to a couple of framing places who advertised a 50% savings, but they were still at least 25% higher in price. thank you for your quality products at fair prices. i remain a satisfied customer." - timothy l., baltimore, md "i believe i got more than i paid for! this diploma frame and matting are absolutely beautiful. thank you!" - laurel s., greensburg, pa churchhillclassics makes awesome frames! you should get one! http://t.co/eq8jrxgs — bimini wright (@biminilee) march 23, 2012 "i recently received my diploma frame (through the uconn co-op) and the quality is amazing." - paul m., ct "i really hesitated ordering a diploma frame online and looked at tons of websites. i liked your guarantee so i went with you guys. i received the diploma frame yesterday. i was more than impressed. my husband cannot stop looking at his diploma in the frame. i will definitely use you guys again and recommend you to all our student friends. thanks for a job well done." - john, lilburn, ga "thank you for the ease of ordering diploma frames for both of my sons who recently graduated… and reasonably priced!" - mary claire h. ok, legit - the @diplomaframe i got from church hill is fantastic. i feel so professional now! — deandre upshaw (@deandresays) march 29, 2011 "this site is so easy to use! thank you. i have no doubt that the diploma frame quality is as good as the quality of your diplomaframe.com website! i will certainly recommend your service to anyone i can!" - marci, olathe, ks "thank you church hill classics! i rank your customer service department as ‘outstanding’. i will definitely refer my friends and colleagues to your business." - dr. wesam, kansas city, mo "thank you so much for all of your efforts! this is the best customer service i’ve experienced when it comes to online purchases!" - carol c., houston, tx "i think your diploma frames are so elegant, i have one for my bachelor's and master's. i've just received my doctorate and want a frame so i can hang all the frames together in my office." - mark, johns hopkins, 2002 graduate "recently i received the diploma frame which i had ordered through the princeton university store, and want to thank you for the fine quality and beauty of the frame. my son’s diploma could not be displayed more finely." - elma, philadelphia, pa "thank you so much for replying to me so quickly. i am relatively new to purchasing things on the web. i placed an order with your company for two reasons. the first being the superior quality of your reasonably priced diploma frames. and the second, your value of customer service." - claire, galesburg, illinois "your diploma frames more than exceeded my expectations! it's great to see there are still quality craftsmen in the u.s.a." - rupert, houston, tx post by church hill classics. post by don mcdaniel. shop frames & gifts find your college/university high school & prep associations professional corporate military greek organizations special occasions sports diploma frames certificate frames license frames logo & award frames gift items photo frames varsity letter frames design your frame gift cards our company about us about our frames our commitment & guarantee promotions & contests terms & conditions secure shopping & privacy site map need help? contact us faq framing instructions order tracking shipping give us feedback partners about our partner program become a partner what's new design your frame myframes buyer portal stay connected sign up for emails visit our blog press we accept website version: desktop switch to tablet | mobile © church hill classics 2016 livechat help dialog