来源URL: https://web.archive.org/web/20171102183638/https://www.diplomaframe.com/about-our-frames/diploma-frame-styles.aspx
================================================================================

diploma frame styles - church hill classics 800-477-9005 live help contact us login cart login search toggle navigation shop frames and gifts college and university diploma frames high school and prep frames high school fundraising program design your frame association certificate frames professional certificate and license frames license frames state seal frames corporate framing and awards awards, logo frames and gifts credential and certificate frames awards and plaques recognition frames and gifts customer appreciation frames logo and event commemorative photo frames corporate desk accessories custom framing for businesses wholesale picture framing contract framing services and fulfillment hospitality and facility framing services publication reprint framing framing catalog request or download military frames and display cases greek organization frames sorority and fraternity frames honor society frames special occasion frames graduation frames and gifts graduation autograph lasting memories photo frames graditude frames school memory keepsake frames and gifts new baby and baby shower frames and gifts picture frames and autograph frames sports frames and awards varsity letter frames athletic framing and awards insignia desk accessories photo frames gift certificates about our frames why frame your diploma? frames custom made for you museum quality document protection diploma frame styles mat colors and options frame mouldings level-lock picture frame hanging system order level-lock glass options licensing and contributions customer testimonials our guarantee about us our culture affiliations and memberships fla wbenc ppfa green practices corporate responsibility policy awards in the news press releases customer service contact us return policy shipping information accelerated shipping duty-free shipping to canada shopping our site frequently asked questions (faq) how to measure your document diploma framing instructions framing and restoration tips and resources give us feedback gift certificate check balance shop frames & gifts (current) about our frames our guarantee about us customer service contact us login home > about our frames > diploma frame styles shop frames and gifts about our frames why frame your diploma? frames custom made for you museum quality document protection diploma frame styles mat colors and options frame mouldings level-lock picture frame hanging system glass options licensing and contributions customer testimonials our guarantee about us customer service about our partner program contests i just received my second diploma frame from church hill classics and i love them both! i went to a couple of framing places who advertised a 50% savings, but they were still at least 25% higher in price. thank you for your quality products at fair prices. i remain a satisfied customer. timothy l., baltimore, md diploma frames by church hill classics our collegiate diploma frames and coordinating photo frames are custom-designed for over 1,600 colleges, universities, and graduate schools. we offer a wide selection of options including tassel diploma frames, campus scene diploma frames, and a variety of medallion frame styles to showcase the institution's name, seal, or logo. our college diploma frames and university diploma frames feature high-quality frame moulding, clear picture frame glass, and museum-quality matting, backing, and mounting materials. find your college or university diploma frame by searching for your school, browsing an alphabetical list of schools, or browsing a list of schools by state. also, you can design your own custom document frame for a diploma or certificate - just visit our design your frame center to get started! diploma frame styles new! dimensions™ diploma frames boldly celebrate success! dimensions™ diploma frames feature pops of branded school colors with raised details and textured ivory or satin black mats. our contemporary easton or westwood mouldings complete the look. learn more dimensional seal and wordmark with textured ivoryand red matting, framed in our westwood moulding. dimensional seal and wordmark with satin black andathletic orange matting, framed in our easton moulding. presidential diploma frames our most upscale option features archival linen or suede matting enhanced with a gold or silver wood fillet, coordinating engraved or masterpiece medallion, and framed in our generous profile premier, madison, or jefferson moulding. learn more gold engraved medallion with black linen matting and a gold fillet in premier masterpiece medallion with purple suede matting and silver fillet in madison masterpiece medallion diploma frames features a custom die-struck brass or pewter medallion with color enamel accents set into double museum-quality matting. brass medallion with williamsburg green and gold matting in gallery pewter medallion with black and purple matting in kensington silver regal diploma frames features luxurious single suede mat with color-enameled masterpiece medallion of the school seal. masterpiece medallion with black suede matting in murano masterpiece medallion with navy suede matting in noir showcase diploma frames offers a unique bevel-cut double mat in the school colors with a color-enameled masterpiece medallion of the school seal. masterpiece medallion with black and medium blue matting in encore masterpiece medallion with navy and gold matting in encore spirit medallion diploma frames show your school spirit with a frame featuring a custom medallion of your college or university's logo or emblem in pewter or brass. each three-dimensional piece is uniquely presented in a designer-cut beveled mat. learn more pewter medallion with black and crimson matting in encore pewter medallion with black and purple matting in cordova cameo diploma frames features school artwork by renowned eglomise designs inc. or the overly collection and framed in chateau moulding with a rich french walnut finish or noir with a black satin finish and a coordinating two-toned inner lip. gold embossed black and maroon matting in noir cameo closeup for virginia tech silver embossed navy and silver matting in chateau cameo closeup for american university campus scene diploma frames for a lasting memory of your school, our campus scene frames feature a professional panoramic or full-size campus photograph. we offer a variety of campus scenes or notable campus landmarks and buildings to complement the presentation of your university or college diploma. silver embossed black and maroon matting in onyx silver gold embossed navy and gold matting in camby engraved medallion diploma frames for a distinctive look, display your school seal or emblem prominently with our gold or silver engraved medallion recessed into a 23k gold or silver bezel. each medallion is inset into a bevel-cut opening in the mat above the diploma with the school name embossed below. gold engraved with black and gold matting in onyx gold silver engraved with maroon suede and silver matting in kensington silver embossed diploma frames the school name and seal are embossed on the matting in a gold or silver foil. silver embossed royal blue and silver matting in onyx silver gold embossed black and orange matting in gallery millennium and century diploma frames features a gold or silver engraved medallion of the school seal framed in cordova moulding with a high-gloss cherry finish. the millennium is framed with black suede matting. millennium - gold engraved medallion in cordova with black suede mat century - silver engraved medallion in cordova tassel diploma frames display your school tassel in a special shadow box opening alongside your diploma. the tassel features a deep profile moulding to accommodate an oversized academic tassel with your school name and seal embossed on the matting. gold embossed black and gold matting in newport gold embossed black and crimson matting in southport double document diploma frames our double document frames feature two openings to display two diplomas, a diploma with an honors certificate, or a diploma with a photo. gold embossed black and maroon matting in galleria gold embossed navy and gold matting in galleria heirloom medallion diploma frames showcases our exclusive black or navy engraved medallion with gold or silver accent set into a jewelry-quality bezel. black/gold medallion with black embossed khaki suede and black matting in ashford navy/gold medallion with gold embossed navy suede and gold matting in ridgewood recycled wood moulding diploma frames our acadia and rainier frame mouldings are made with 100% recycled american wood. they have the look and feel of solid wood and the high quality and presentation of our traditional mouldings. silver embossed maroon and silver matting in acadia gold embossed black and gold matting in rainier winning colors diploma frames frames feature exclusive colored embossings of your school name and seal on a matting combination that best represents your school spirit. offered in eclipse, a solid wood frame moulding with a black satin finish and high gloss inner lip. black embossed red and black matting in eclipse orange embossed royal blue and orange matting in eclipse high school and prep diploma frames we offer a wide variety of handcrafted frame styles to showcase your high school or preparatory school diploma by itself or alongside your tassel, academic or athletic awards, or your graduation photo. design your high school diploma frame. silver embossed with williamsburg green and silver matting in arena black and gold matting in studio gold we have 24 years of experience manufacturing custom frames. all of our custom frames are handcrafted at our connecticut headquarters. we support our licensed schools and institutions through royalty contributions, and we also partner with local college stores or alumni associations, wherever possible. we're honored to do your custom document framing to showcase your success! please search for your school, or for further information, please call us at 800-477-9005 or e-mail us at info@diplomaframe.com. shop frames & gifts find your college/university high school & prep associations professional corporate military greek organizations special occasions sports diploma frames certificate frames license frames logo & award frames gift items photo frames varsity letter frames design your frame gift cards our company about us about our frames our commitment & guarantee promotions & contests terms & conditions secure shopping & privacy site map need help? contact us faq framing instructions order tracking shipping give us feedback partners about our partner program become a partner what's new design your frame myframes buyer portal stay connected sign up for emails visit our blog press we accept website version: desktop switch to tablet | mobile © church hill classics 2017 livechat help dialog