来源URL: https://web.archive.org/web/20191231084525/https://www.diplomaframe.com/about-our-frames/diploma-frame-styles.aspx
================================================================================

diploma frame styles - church hill classics we're open & shipping orders! our covid-19 response 800-477-9005 live help contact us login cart login search college & graduation diploma frames and graduation giftscollege diploma framesshop all diploma framesgift cardspurchase todayshop bycollegehonor societygreek lifehigh schoolspecialty framesvarsity letter framesautograph frames"class of" framescreate-a-frame ®professional professional license & certificate framesprofessionscpadentistrylegalmedicalregistered nurseshop all professions state sealscaliforniafloridaillinoisnew yorkohiotexasshop all states associationsnational registry of emtsamerican kennel clubsupreme court of the united statesamerican board of physical therapy specialtiesshop all associations create-a-frame ®single document framedouble document framepicture framecustom frame professional professional license & certificate frames﻿profession logo frames﻿state seal frames﻿association framesmilitary military photo & document framesshop by branch air force air national guard army coast guard marine corps navyspecialty giftsmedal displays﻿honorable discharge framesflag casescoin displayscreate-a-frame ®create-a-frame ®our frames a little about our framesframe infomouldingsmat optionsglassfaqunique featuresofficially licensedmuseum-quality document protectionlevel-lock® hanging systemour favorite stylespresidentialspiritembosseddimensions™double documenttasselview all frame styleswhy church hill classics?custom-made for you120-day return policycustomer reviewscustomer servicecontact uscontact usloginloginorder lookuporder lookup search home > about our frames > diploma frame styles diploma frames by church hill classics our collegiate diploma frames and coordinating photo frames are custom-designed for thousands of colleges, universities, and graduate schools. we offer a wide selection of options including tassel diploma frames, campus scene diploma frames, and a variety of medallion frame styles to showcase the institution's name, seal, or logo. our college diploma frames and university diploma frames feature high-quality frame moulding, clear picture frame glass, and museum-quality matting, backing, and mounting materials. find your college or university diploma frame by searching for your school, browsing an alphabetical list of schools, or browsing a list of schools by state. also, you can design your own custom document frame for a diploma or certificate - just visit our design your frame center to get started! diploma frame styles dimensions™ diploma frames boldly celebrate success! dimensions™ diploma frames feature pops of branded school colors with raised details and textured ivory or satin black mats. our contemporary easton or westwood mouldings complete the look. learn more dimensional seal and wordmark with textured ivoryand red matting, framed in our westwood moulding. dimensional seal and wordmark with satin black andathletic orange matting, framed in our easton moulding. presidential diploma frames our most upscale option features archival linen or suede matting enhanced with a gold or silver wood fillet, coordinating engraved or masterpiece medallion, and framed in our generous profile premier, madison, or jefferson moulding. learn more gold engraved medallion with black linen matting and a gold fillet in premier masterpiece medallion with purple suede matting and silver fillet in madison masterpiece medallion diploma frames features a custom die-struck brass or pewter medallion with color enamel accents set into double museum-quality matting. brass medallion with williamsburg green and gold matting in gallery pewter medallion with black and purple matting in kensington silver regal diploma frames features luxurious single suede mat with color-enameled masterpiece medallion of the school seal. masterpiece medallion with black suede matting in murano masterpiece medallion with navy suede matting in noir showcase diploma frames offers a unique bevel-cut double mat in the school colors with a color-enameled masterpiece medallion of the school seal. masterpiece medallion with black and medium blue matting in encore masterpiece medallion with navy and gold matting in encore spirit diploma frames show your school spirit with a frame featuring a custom medallion of your college or university's logo or emblem in pewter or brass. each three-dimensional piece is uniquely presented in a designer-cut beveled mat. learn more pewter medallion with black and crimson matting in encore pewter medallion with black and royal blue matting in midnight campus cameo diploma frames features full-color artwork of notable college landmarks or campus landscapes in a bevel-cut oval mat opening. gold embossed navy and gold matting in chateau cameo closeup for drexel university silver embossed navy and red matting in sutton cameo closeup for depaul university campus scene diploma frames for a lasting memory of your school, our campus scene frames feature a professional panoramic or full-size campus photograph. we offer a variety of campus scenes or notable campus landmarks and buildings to complement the presentation of your university or college diploma. silver embossed black and maroon matting in onyx silver gold embossed navy and gold matting in camby engraved medallion diploma frames for a distinctive look, display your school seal or emblem prominently with our gold or silver engraved medallion recessed into a 23k gold or silver bezel. each medallion is inset into a bevel-cut opening in the mat above the diploma with the school name embossed below. gold engraved with black and gold matting in onyx gold silver engraved with maroon suede and silver matting in kensington silver embossed diploma frames the school name and seal are embossed on the matting in a gold or silver foil. silver embossed royal blue and silver matting in onyx silver gold embossed black and orange matting in gallery millennium and century diploma frames features a gold or silver engraved medallion of the school seal framed in cordova moulding with a high-gloss cherry finish. the millennium is framed with black suede matting. millennium - gold engraved medallion in cordova with black suede mat century - silver engraved medallion in cordova tassel diploma frames display your school tassel in a special shadow box opening alongside your diploma. the tassel features a deep profile moulding to accommodate an oversized academic tassel with your school name and seal embossed on the matting. gold embossed black and gold matting in newport gold embossed black and crimson matting in southport double document diploma frames our double document frames feature two openings to display two diplomas, a diploma with an honors certificate, or a diploma with a photo. gold embossed black and maroon matting in galleria gold embossed navy and gold matting in galleria recycled wood moulding diploma frames our acadia and rainier frame mouldings are made with 100% recycled american wood. they have the look and feel of solid wood and the high quality and presentation of our traditional mouldings. silver embossed maroon and silver matting in acadia gold embossed black and gold matting in rainier high school and prep diploma frames we offer a wide variety of handcrafted frame styles to showcase your high school or preparatory school diploma by itself or alongside your tassel, academic or athletic awards, or your graduation photo. design your high school diploma frame. silver embossed with williamsburg green and silver matting in arena black and gold matting in studio gold we have over 25 years of experience manufacturing custom frames. all of our custom frames are handcrafted at our connecticut headquarters. we support our licensed schools and institutions through royalty contributions, and we also partner with local college stores or alumni associations, wherever possible. we're honored to do your custom document framing to showcase your success! please search for your school, or for further information, please call us at 800-477-9005 or e-mail us at info@diplomaframe.com. shop frames & gifts find your college/university high school & prep associations professional corporate military greek organizations special occasions sports diploma frames certificate frames license frames logo & award frames gift items photo frames varsity letter frames design your frame gift cards our company about us careers about our frames our commitment & guarantee promotions & contests terms & conditions secure shopping & privacy site map need help? contact us faq framing instructions order tracking shipping return policy partners about our partner program become a partner what's new design your frame myframes buyer portal stay connected visit our blog press we accept © 2020 church hill classics livechat help dialog × message to our customers about the coronavirus during these challenging times, we here at church hill classics want to stay positive, especially since the core of our company is about celebrating loved ones’ graduations, lifelong friendships, treasured memories, and professional and personal triumphs. we are taking every precaution to protect our work force, including moving as many employees to remote working as possible. our production team is embracing social distancing utilizing smaller crews and adjusted schedules, which will result in longer-than-normal delivery times, while meeting customer demand safely and assuring our high quality standards. we expect orders to be delivered in 4-6 weeks from the time of purchase (or, if you’ve opted for our free shipping* option during checkout, expect delivery in 6-7 weeks). can’t wait and need a last-minute gift? our egift cards are ready to print and hand-deliver in minutes or can be emailed directly to the recipient's inbox. we encourage you to shop our site, which will enable our small business to succeed in these uncertain times. as usual, our customer service team remains available monday-friday from 8:30 am to 5pm, for live calls, chat and to reply to your emails. please be patient—our frames are worth the wait (just read our reviews!). be well. close × information close × find your school search you’ll love the frame you purchase from us — we guarantee it! 120-day return policy. can't find your school? × privacy settings analytics tracking opt-in to analytics marketing tracking opt-in to marketing cookies remove cookies close save changes