来源URL: https://web.archive.org/web/20091228064037/http://www.1800contacts.com/ExternalRelations/CustomerResourcesPolicy.aspx
================================================================================

privacy policy | customer resources | corporate info at 1-800 contacts my account sign in home privacy policy — effective 3/02/2009 this policy describes the personal information we collect about you, why we collect it, and how we use it. our policy also describes the choices you can make about how we collect and use your information. if you have any questions about our privacy policy, please contact us via: email at info@1800contacts.com. call us toll-free at 1-800 contacts (1-800-266-8228). write to us at: 51 west center st. orem, ut 84057. if our information practices change in the future, we will notify you by posting the policy changes directly to this web page. we will post any such change before we use any of your information in any way other than as explicitly stated in this policy. at 1-800 contacts, inc., “1-800 contacts” or “we”, we value our customers and respect your privacy. we don't sell, rent or loan any information about you to any third party. we collect customer information to be able to process your order and verify your prescription (if necessary and only with your authorization), as well as improve your shopping experience and to communicate with you about our products, services, contests, surveys and promotions. 1-800 contacts recognizes that it must maintain and use customer information responsibly. what kind of information does 1-800 contacts collect? we collect personal information (such as your name, email address, mailing address, patient name, contact lens prescription, phone number, credit card numbers and the name and phone number of your eye care provider) that you provide when you place an order, register with us or participate in a contest, survey, or promotion. we also maintain a record of your historical purchases that are placed through the phone, mail, fax, email and over the internet. because all of our information systems are fully integrated, when you place an order with us, your customer information is available to you through any channel through which you may choose to contact us (phone, postal mail, fax, internet or email.) we are currently using a third-party service provider to track and analyze non-personally identifiable information about our visitors and customers; we use this information to improve our site and plan for technical improvements. all data collected by our service provider on behalf of 1-800 contacts is owned and used solely by 1-800 contacts. we reserve the right to publish non-personally identifiable summary information regarding our website visitors for promotional purposes and as a representative audience for advertisers. please note that this is not personal information, but consists of only general summaries of the activities of our visitors and customers. how does 1-800 contacts use my information? we use your personal information to fulfill your orders. we will also send you an email to confirm your order, or we may need to contact you via phone, mail or email if we have any questions regarding your order. in addition, we may contact you by phone, mail or email (either directly or through a service provider bound by strict confidentiality standards working on our behalf) to help us learn more about your shopping preferences so that we may better serve you. and finally, we may use your information to help us better improve our site design and your shopping experience, and to also send you notices about our products, services, contests, surveys and promotions or news about contact lenses. does 1-800 contacts share my information with third parties? except as explained in the next paragraph, we do not share your personal information with any third or outside party. if you opt to receive no commercial email from us, we will add your email address to a do-not-mail file, which may be given to trusted outside parties in order to ensure your email address is excluded from any third-party email distribution. we do not sell, rent or loan any information about you to any third parties. please note: on all orders placed, we do attempt to verify or obtain a copy of your contact lens prescription from the eye care provider that you designate. we may also share your personal information with our alliance partner, wal-mart optical. this information is held under the same strict confidentiality standards as described above and in accordance with all applicable laws. how do i access my information? how do i update my information? registered customers can access their account information online by clicking the "my account" link at the top of any of the pages on www.1800contacts.com and by entering their email address and password. this will load the my account portion of the website and allow you to edit your billing, shipping, email preferences, login information and password settings. you can also make general changes to your account information by calling us at 1-800 contacts (1-800-266-8228) to speak with a customer service representative. how do i remove my information from email, postal mailing and telephone lists? if you prefer not to receive notice of promotions, reorder information or updates on contact lens laws by email, please click the "my account" link at the top of any of the pages on www.1800contacts.com , enter your email address and password and click on "email options". you will be able to specify your email preferences on this page. if you wish to be removed from all email communications not related to your order, you can call one of our customer service representatives at 1-800 contacts (1-800-266-8228). if you prefer not to receive postal mail, please let us know by sending us an email at info@1800contacts.com or call one of our customer service representatives at 1-800 contacts (1-800-266-8228). please note: requests to be removed from the postal mail list may take up to 6-8 weeks to become effective. in addition, if you ask to remove your name and address from our email or postal mailing lists, we will maintain your name in a "do not mail" file to ensure that we can honor your request. when you make a purchase, we will send you an email to confirm your order, and send an email when your order is shipped. we may also need to contact you via phone, postal mail or email if we have other questions regarding your order. how does 1-800 contacts protect children's privacy? we are concerned about the safety of children when they use the internet. consistent with the children's online privacy protection act of 1998, we will never request personally identifiable information from anyone under the age of 13. if we are aware that a subscriber is under the age of 13 and has registered without prior verifiable parental consent, we will remove his or her personally identifiable registration information from our files. what about links to other internet sites and services? we may maintain links to other websites that are not under our control. these websites have their own policies regarding privacy, which you should review before visiting them. we have no responsibility for linked websites and provide these links solely for the convenience and information of our customers. how does 1-800 contacts make sure my order information is secure? protecting your order information is a priority for us. we use secure sockets layer (ssl) technology to protect the security of your online order information. more than 90% of fortune 500 companies use ssl security to protect their sensitive personal and financial information. when you use our ordering page you can be assured that your sensitive personal information and financial transactions with us are encrypted, safe, and secure. to check the security of your connection, look at the lower corner of your browser window after accessing the server. if you see an unbroken key or a closed lock (depending on your browser), the ssl is active and the server is secure. you can also double-check by looking at the url line of your browser. when assessing a secure server, the first characters of the site address will change from "http://" to "https://". what is adware? what is spyware? does 1-800 contacts use adware or spyware? adware is software that is installed on your computer that can, for example, create pop-up advertisements or cause your browser to be redirected to other websites. we do not participate in or use third-party services that use adware, such as zango, gator/claria, whenu.com or ezula.com. we have determined that there are instances where this type of advertising could be construed as confusing for customers. therefore, we work to ensure that these third-party adware services do not function on the 1-800 contacts website, www.1800contacts.com. spyware is also software that is installed on your computer that can, for example, record and transmit information regarding the websites you visit, or record or transmit your keystrokes to a third party. spyware, like adware, is often installed without the knowledge of the person using the computer. we do not use spyware and we work to ensure that spyware does not function on the 1-800 contacts website. what are cookies? how does 1-800 contacts use cookies on its site? a cookie is a small file that websites often store on your computer's hard drive. a cookie may contain information that is used to track the pages of the sites you've visited. we use cookies in order to improve your shopping experience. when you visit the 1-800 contacts website, your cookie helps us keep track of your order as you shop at our site. if you are a registered customer, your cookie allows us to recognize you when you return to our site and provides you with access to your account information. if you register with or order from us, we also use cookies to monitor and maintain information about your use of our website in a manner that identifies you as a customer. this information helps us serve you better by improving our site design, as well as our services, contests, surveys and promotions. you can refuse cookies by turning them off in your browser. if you turn off cookies, however, we will not be able to track your order or enable you to make a purchase from our site, nor will we be able to recognize you as a registered user to allow you access to your account information. we'll call you contact us common questions (faq) re-order how to order full product list acuvue air optix biofinity biomedics focus frequency freshlook proclear purevision soflensview all... full product list weekly disposables monthly disposables daily disposables toric lenses color lenses bifocal lenses vial lenses store brands special offers accessories customer service we'll call you contact us common questions (faq) customer testimonials returns policy order status customer resources how to order how to read your rx insurance information schedule an eye exam buyer's guide email doctors and my rx vision 101 what's hot fsa sitemap product categories full product list weekly disposables monthly disposables daily disposables toric lenses color lenses bifocal lenses vial lenses store brands special offers accessories corporate information company overview public relations eye care professionals customer resources careers local community privacy policy terms of service affiliate program the material provided on this site is for informational purposes only. have your eyes examined regularly and always follow your eye care professional's instructions for the proper use and care of your contacts. if you experience any pain or discomfort from your contacts, discontinue use immediately and consult your eye care professional. copyright © 2009 1-800 contacts, inc. all rights reserved.