来源URL: https://web.archive.org/web/20141230141442/http://www.1800contacts.com/connect/our-story/company-accolades
================================================================================

company accolades | 1-800 contacts home search sign in how to order find my brand sign out order status my account get the app feedback call us search home sign in sign out find my brand acuvue air optix biofinity dailies freshlook more brands how to order order status my account feedback email: custid: fast, free shipping on orders over $50 low price guarantee we match any authorized price contact lens specialist live chat available 24/7 my account sign in sign in sign in sign in with facebook sign in with google sign in with amazon or sign in with email remember me forgot your password? sign in close search select your brand customer service dashboard order status & history shipping & billing info account settings & password sign out acuvue air optix avaira biofinity biomedics extreme h2o focus frequency freshlook proclear purevision soflens eye care solutions > view all 1-day acuvue® 30 pack 1-day acuvue® moist® 30 pack 1-day acuvue® moist® 90 pack 1-day acuvue® moist® for astigmatism 30 pack 1-day acuvue® trueye® 90 pack acuvue oasys with hydraclear plus 24 pack acuvue oasys with hydraclear plus 6 pack acuvue® acuvue® 2 acuvue® 2 colours® acuvue® advance® acuvue® advance® for astigmatism acuvue® advance® plus 24 pack acuvue® advance® plus 6 pack acuvue® bifocal acuvue® oasys® for astigmatism acuvue® oasys® for presbyopia acuvue® oasys® with hydraclear plus 12 pack air optix aqua air optix aqua multifocal air optix colors air optix for astigmatism air optix night & day aqua avaira avaira toric biofinity biofinity multifocal biofinity toric biofinity xr biomedics 1-day 90 pack biomedics 38 biomedics 55 biomedics 55 evolution biomedics 55 premier biomedics ep (proclear ep) biomedics toric biomedics xc clarity h2o extreme h2o 54% 13.6 extreme h2o 54% 14.2 extreme h2o 54% toric lc extreme h2o 54% toric mc extreme h2o 59% thin extreme h2o 59% xtra icuity h2o dailies aquacomfort plus 30 pack dailies aquacomfort plus 90 pack dailies aquacomfort plus multifocal 30 pack dailies aquacomfort plus multifocal 90 pack dailies aquacomfort plus toric 30 pack dailies aquacomfort plus toric 90 pack dailies total1 30 pack dailies total1 90 pack focus dailies 30 pack focus dailies 90 pack focus dailies progressives 30 pack focus dailies toric 30 pack focus dailies toric 90 pack focus monthly softcolors frequency 55 frequency 55 aspheric frequency 55 multifocal frequency 55 toric frequency 55 toric xr freshlook colorblends freshlook colorblends toric freshlook colors freshlook dimensions freshlook handling tint freshlook one-day freshlook toric proclear proclear 1 day multifocal 90 pack proclear 1-day 90 pack proclear 1-day multifocal 30 pack proclear ep (biomedics ep) proclear multifocal proclear toric proclear toric xr purevision purevision 2 purevision 2 for astigmatism purevision 2 multi-focal purevision multi-focal purevision toric (purevision for astigmatism) soflens 38 soflens daily disposable for astigmatism soflens daily disposables 90 pack soflens multi-focal soflens toric (soflens for astigmatism) clear care® 2 pack opti-free® puremoist® 2 pack opti-free® replenish® 2 pack opti-free® puremoist® solution 10oz zaditor® eye drops 2pk systane® balance systane® ultra opti-free® puremoist® drops how to order common questions (faq) chat with us contact us how to read your rx sign in use alternate sign in sign in with facebook sign in with google sign in with amazon or sign in with email remember me forgot your password? sign in sign in are you a new customer? tap here to create an account. sign in with facebook sign in with google sign in with amazon or sign in with email remember me forgot your password? sign in connect e our story e company accolades company accolades 1-800 contacts participates in many community programs and has been honored with many different awards in the last decade of business.  here is a sampling: 2013 utah’s best companies to work for named by utah business magazine as one of the best companies to work for in the state of utah. 2009 – 2011 utah’s best companies to work for named by utah business magazine as one of the best companies to work for in the state of utah. 2008 – 2010 american heart associate, fit friendly company 2007, 2009 – 2011 utah best of state – customer service, call center 2007 – 2011 alfred p. sloan award – business excellence in workplace flexibility 2007 jd power & associates call center certification 1-800 contacts has been recognized for call center operation customer satisfaction excellence under the j.d. power and associates certified call center program™. this distinction acknowledges a strong commitment from 1-800 contacts’ call center operations to provide “an outstanding customer service experience.” for j.d. power and associates certified call center program™, visit jdpower.com. see our press release. 2007 – 2011 work/life award for 4 years running, 1-800 contacts has been nominated and recognized as promoting exemplary work/life programs for its employees. the company was once again named one of the best companies to work for in utah by the utah governor and the office of workforce services. 2005 – 2010 healthy worksite award, utah council for worksite health promotion 2006 food management magazine best concept award the company’s onsite restaurant was recently recognized for its innovative lunch pre-ordering system.  the system allows employees to order meals from their desks ahead of time and pick them up when their lunch break starts.  this eliminates waiting in line and allows employees to utilize their entire lunch break. 2006 work/life award recognized by the utah governor’s office and the office of workforce services as one of the top 5 large companies in utah with a great balance of the demands of work and home life. 2005 – 2006 utah’s best companies to work for named by utah business magazine as one of the best companies to work for in the state of utah. 2005 work/life award recognized by the utah governor’s office and the office of workforce services as one of the top 10 companies in utah with a great balance of the demands of work and home life. 2004 utah’s best companies to work for named by utah business magazine as one of the best companies to work for in the state of utah. 2004 top 100 venture entrepreneurs in utah jonathan coon (founder, ceo, chairman of the board) was named as one of the “top 100 venture entrepreneurs in utah” by vspring capital 2004 work/life award recognized by the utah governor’s office and the office of workforce services as one of the top 10 companies in utah with a great balance of the demands of work and home life. 2003 utah 100 award ranked 75th fastest growing company in utah in 2003.  presented by mountainwest capital network (formerly mountainwest venture group) to recognize the top 100 fastest growing companies in utah. 2002 utah 100 award ranked 24th fastest growing company in utah in 2002.  presented by mountainwest capital network (formerly mountainwest venture group) to recognize the top 100 fastest growing companies in utah. 2001 top advertiser kevin mccallum (chief marketing officer) was named as one of the top 100 marketers in the nation by advertising age. 2001 utah 100 award ranked 3rd fastest growing company in utah in 2001.  presented by mountainwest capital network (formerly mountainwest venture group) to recognize the top 100 fastest growing companies in utah. 2000 ernst & young entrepreneur award jonathan coon (founder, ceo, chairman of the board) was named ernst & young’s retail entrepreneur of the year for 2000 for his creation of 1-800 contacts’ business model.  this award places jonathan, and the company, among an elite group of innovative and progressive business models. follow us s other articles 24 reuses for contact lens cases 7 signs your child may have a vision problem keratitis and the dangers of overwearing contacts what is upp? colored contact lenses contact lenses for dry eyes gas permeable contact lenses disposable contact lenses lens wear and care tips protect your eyes from uv rays why are my lenses blurry? contact lenses and allergies how to get your rx contact lens technology guide to eye health exams are contact lenses right for you? understanding colorblindness a history of contact lenses the rx eye care terms rx verification info the doctor the rx when the doc says "no" doctor wants to charge for my rx fclcalegislative efforts the fclca becomes law recent posts another reason to never run out of contacts never run out of contacts ask dr. clay: should i wear decorative contact lenses with my halloween costume? listen to our streaming radio commercials brian bethers, ceo of 1-800 contacts, accepts the als ice bucket challenge company information our commitment 20/20 guarantee vision 101 the eye how the eye works common visual problems lens fundamentals wearing contacts our story our company public relations corporate contacts company accolades community privacy policy featured articles contact lenses for dry eyes colored contact lenses contact lens technology are contact lenses right for you? your stories contact lens faq customer testimonials customer fanmail common questions (faq) connect special eyes blog press releases connect sitemap shop contacts our commitment – at 1-800 contacts, we are dedicated to providing you with a simple, fast, and hassle-free way to order your contact lenses. when you buy contact lenses from us you'll find: 20/20 guarantee – at 1-800 contacts, your satisfaction is guaranteed. if you're not pleased with your order, we'll make it right. we'll even exchange unopened boxes of previously purchased contact lenses if your prescription changes. the highest quality contact lenses – we maintain the world's largest inventory of contact lenses – almost 10 million. no one is more likely to have your contact lens brand in stock and ready to ship. you'll get the same contact lenses your eye care professional prescribes, but at discount prices and delivered to your door. we offer all of the major brands like acuvue, air optix, biofinity, focus, freshlook, proclear, purevision, and soflens, as well as specialty toric contact lenses, colored contacts, and bifocal lenses. you can order with confidence – as the world's largest contact lens store®, 1-800 contacts has filled more than 16 million orders for more than 5 million customers. to ensure you get the exact contact lenses you need, we'll verify your prescription with your doctor before shipping your contact lenses right to your door. plus, our customers get unbeatable savings when they take advantage of our discount prices and exclusive contact lens special offers. every order is backed by our 20/20 guarantee at 1-800 contacts, we know that the last thing you need is something else to worry about. that's why we make getting your contacts easy, and then back up every order with our 20/20 guarantee. that means that if you are dissatisfied for any reason, we'll make it right. each of our customers enjoy: live customer service support by chat, email, or phone available 24/7 to address your needs. free exchanges of unopened boxes of previously purchased contact lenses if your prescription changes. free replacement of torn contact lenses. learn more the material provided on this site is for informational purposes only. have your eyes examined regularly and always follow your eye care professional's instructions for the proper use and care of your contact lenses. if you experience pain or discomfort from your contact lens, discontinue use immediately and consult your eye care professional. all discounts and promotions are applied to future purchases only and cannot be applied to past purchases. © 1-800 contacts, all rights reserved