来源URL: https://web.archive.org/web/20141230141442/http://www.1800contacts.com/connect/your-stories/customer-testimonials
================================================================================

customer testimonials | 1-800 contacts home search sign in how to order find my brand sign out order status my account get the app feedback call us search home sign in sign out find my brand acuvue air optix biofinity dailies freshlook more brands how to order order status my account feedback email: custid: fast, free shipping on orders over $50 low price guarantee we match any authorized price contact lens specialist live chat available 24/7 my account sign in sign in sign in sign in with facebook sign in with google sign in with amazon or sign in with email remember me forgot your password? sign in close search select your brand customer service dashboard order status & history shipping & billing info account settings & password sign out acuvue air optix avaira biofinity biomedics extreme h2o focus frequency freshlook proclear purevision soflens eye care solutions > view all 1-day acuvue® 30 pack 1-day acuvue® moist® 30 pack 1-day acuvue® moist® 90 pack 1-day acuvue® moist® for astigmatism 30 pack 1-day acuvue® trueye® 90 pack acuvue oasys with hydraclear plus 24 pack acuvue oasys with hydraclear plus 6 pack acuvue® acuvue® 2 acuvue® 2 colours® acuvue® advance® acuvue® advance® for astigmatism acuvue® advance® plus 24 pack acuvue® advance® plus 6 pack acuvue® bifocal acuvue® oasys® for astigmatism acuvue® oasys® for presbyopia acuvue® oasys® with hydraclear plus 12 pack air optix aqua air optix aqua multifocal air optix colors air optix for astigmatism air optix night & day aqua avaira avaira toric biofinity biofinity multifocal biofinity toric biofinity xr biomedics 1-day 90 pack biomedics 38 biomedics 55 biomedics 55 evolution biomedics 55 premier biomedics ep (proclear ep) biomedics toric biomedics xc clarity h2o extreme h2o 54% 13.6 extreme h2o 54% 14.2 extreme h2o 54% toric lc extreme h2o 54% toric mc extreme h2o 59% thin extreme h2o 59% xtra icuity h2o dailies aquacomfort plus 30 pack dailies aquacomfort plus 90 pack dailies aquacomfort plus multifocal 30 pack dailies aquacomfort plus multifocal 90 pack dailies aquacomfort plus toric 30 pack dailies aquacomfort plus toric 90 pack dailies total1 30 pack dailies total1 90 pack focus dailies 30 pack focus dailies 90 pack focus dailies progressives 30 pack focus dailies toric 30 pack focus dailies toric 90 pack focus monthly softcolors frequency 55 frequency 55 aspheric frequency 55 multifocal frequency 55 toric frequency 55 toric xr freshlook colorblends freshlook colorblends toric freshlook colors freshlook dimensions freshlook handling tint freshlook one-day freshlook toric proclear proclear 1 day multifocal 90 pack proclear 1-day 90 pack proclear 1-day multifocal 30 pack proclear ep (biomedics ep) proclear multifocal proclear toric proclear toric xr purevision purevision 2 purevision 2 for astigmatism purevision 2 multi-focal purevision multi-focal purevision toric (purevision for astigmatism) soflens 38 soflens daily disposable for astigmatism soflens daily disposables 90 pack soflens multi-focal soflens toric (soflens for astigmatism) clear care® 2 pack opti-free® puremoist® 2 pack opti-free® replenish® 2 pack opti-free® puremoist® solution 10oz zaditor® eye drops 2pk systane® balance systane® ultra opti-free® puremoist® drops how to order common questions (faq) chat with us contact us how to read your rx sign in use alternate sign in sign in with facebook sign in with google sign in with amazon or sign in with email remember me forgot your password? sign in sign in are you a new customer? tap here to create an account. sign in with facebook sign in with google sign in with amazon or sign in with email remember me forgot your password? sign in connect e your stories e customer testimonials customer testimonials april 2014 “every single time i contact 1-800 contacts, every single employee goes out of their way to assist me. other companies need to use your customer service as a guideline.” “i was able to purchase my contacts for a cheaper price than what i pay at the doctor’s office. i received them faster than i would have if i ordered through my doctor. and they came straight to my door within 3 days after placing my order. it just can’t get any better when you are on a budget.” “because y’all are awesome. the site is easy to navigate and ordering was a breeze. absolutely love that all i had to do was text a picture of my prescription and within two min received a text back saying my contacts would ship the next day. doesn’t get better than that.” “this company has always been very responsive, and in the one case where there was a lost shipment, (ups’s fault, not theirs), they went out of their way to make it right.” “the customer service is among the best i’ve ever encountered – you guys make it all so easy!” “very helpful in looking up my prescription. i had ordered from 1800contacts through walmart, so this was the first interaction with the company and the person on the phone was very friendly and helpful.” “i’ve ordered from your company 3 or 4 times now. every time the service has been friendly, professional, convenient & ridiculously fast. your hours are also very helpful for customers with a busy schedule.” march 2014 “i have had great success with your service and would pass it on to others” “i have never ordered from 1-800-contacts. i mistakenly ordered the wrong prescription and your company corrected my mistake quickly and easily.” “ease of doing business – website extremely easy to use, fast delivery.” “it was very fast and easy to place my order. the customer service was amazing when i called to correct a mistake i had made with my prescription; the woman on the phone was extremely helpful. also, the shipping was much faster than i expected and i was able to start wearing my new contacts within a few days of ordering them. overall it was a very good experience.” “the entire experience was pleasant and easy.” “i always get the highest quality lenses for the best price versus any other retailer, online or otherwise. and my lenses always arrive fast!” “the service is very quick and it saves a lot of time having the order delivered directly.” “it is so easy to order my contacts from 1-800 contacts. i just plug in the info and the contacts show up on my front porch!” “the ordering was extremely easy and the pricing was totally reasonable. not to mention the turnaround time. the order was received within a week.” “i always order from 1-800-contacts and it is very easy and you order comes straight to your house which makes it no hassle of going back to store just to get your contacts.” “staff is extremely pleasant and helpful. refreshing to be assisted and welcomed by a professional instead of a computer animated voice with an endless amount of push this button, push that button.” “i like that a real person who speaks english answers the phone each time i call. prices are reasonable too.” “the immediate response and answering time is my favorite. i hate businesses with automated call centers.” “i do most of my shopping online but i always call to speak to a customer service rep with 1800contacts because my questions are always answered immediately, quickly, and with professional friendly service. all issues are resolved in a reasonable manner and i am always pleased to talk with someone who speaks as though they love their job, and the company they work for. it is inspiring and uplifting.” “i am totally satisfied with your customer service. they are very professional and are knowledgeable in their field. i have been a long time customer and will continue to order through you.” “just keep up with the amazing customer service and super-fast shipping!” february 2014 “i was very pleased with the willingness of the customer service representative to help me.” “your customer service could not be better!” “the rep was very nice and polite, in the us, and seemed like she really enjoyed placing the order.” “i had a phone chat with two of your agents regarding my order, and as far as internet marketing goes; this has been the best site i have found in regard to customer service. and i am recommending it to others.” “frankly, i have no suggestions for improvement as your organization amazes me. i am so impressed with your operation. i am so surprised at how easy you make ordering eye products. while i’m not opposed to vrus, it is so refreshing to call and reach a person and then you guys don’t even have to ask much to find out who i am. your systems must be very sophisticated and your representatives excellently trained. i have been meaning to write a note about how impressed i am with your company. of course, it’s people who make company’s run well and you obviously choose the best as they are professional, courteous, knowledgeable, efficient, consultative as opposed to just selling (although they do a great job of selling!). i sense that you must put a lot into training and into the resources that you give your people to do their best. you must have great logistics, etc. as well as i have always had prompt delivery and always been pleased with the products, etc. if i have had a problem, your folks have been there to take care of the problem. there is great follow-through in all that you do. keep up the great work! thank you!” “excellent service. always great customer service.” “you are great. even when i received torn lenses you resolved it quickly. thank you.” “you always have real people available to discuss any aspect of the order. the customer service representatives are why i continue to order with 1800contacts.” “it was very easy to order and i received what i ordered.” “i like the ease of ordering online, and the delivery to the door. my schedule is very full and i do not have time to go to my eye doctor to pick up contacts.” “i have been very satisfied with my service so far.” january 2014 “the contacts are much less expensive than buying at the eye doctor. also every time i have called customer service has been great.” “i have -been using 1-800 contacts for a long time and have been satisfied.” “fast service. i got my contacts in a few day when i was told a week! i was extremely satisfied with the quickness of delivery.” “as a military member, it is not always easy to go to your eye doctor to get your contact prescription order. then drive to drop the prescription off only to pick them up in a few days. having 1800 contacts saves me time to get my contacts before i run out of them. i have never got the wrong prescription or a late shipment. thank you for providing great service!” “customer service has always been amazing! the level of customer service is miles beyond any other company. also, the free shipping offers, rebates, etc. are so important especially in this economy.” “i had a delivery issue and had an easy time reaching customer service and resolving my issue.” “very easy to order and being able to text your prescription takes the waiting game away. that is my absolute favorite new feature.” “the customer service was excellent and it was so easy to place an order by texting a photo of the rx.” “your people are polite, courteous and knowledgeable. service is fast, and appreciate that you exchange if prescription changes.” “i didn’t get an ordered collection of contacts, and the person i spoke to was so nice, and got me a new package right away, even though it was holiday! she was very kind, and the whole experience was great.” december 2013 “the website is easy to use and the contacts ship really fast. and it’s cheaper than buying through my optometrist.” “great customer service. when you call a person actually answers and if there are any torn contacts they immediately send you a replacement with a coupon.” “representative was very friendly and helpful. transaction was very smooth and i received my contacts in a reasonable amount of time.” “even though my old prescription had expired, the 1-800 contacts representative went out of her way to get the information she needed to ship my contacts quickly. her personal attention is much appreciated, especially as my supply was dwindling!” “matched and beat price. contacts came promptly and great customer service! appreciate the satisfaction guarantee.” “great customer service when i called for help. also, they have actual people available to answer questions!” “the ordering process was extremely easy, customer service was super friendly and the guarantee is amazing!!” “excellent, cheerful customer service and generous replacement guarantee and extremely fast shipping.” “customer service is the best of any company i have ever dealt with. they are always friendly, have all the answers to my questions and make it a pleasure to call.” “unbeatable price guarantee. the ability to receive customer support 24/7. short or no wait time to speak with a customer service representative on the phone. customer service representative’s vast knowledge of products, ability to provide great advice and friendly/professional manner. basically every other perk for ordering through 1800contacts.” november 2013 “the service is convenient and efficient. i appreciate the email reminders to reorder, not too often, but a nice reminder and the link directly to my previous order is very convenient.” “i’ve been using 1800contacts for over 10 years, i recommend them to everyone. i’ve never had a problem.” “1800contacts has competitively priced contacts, and the free shipping to your mailbox is convenient, at least it is for me. i also found that uploading my prescription was easy.” “they are 100 percent wonderful and i can’t think of one thing i would change.” “the entire process was extremely easy and the customer service was excellent!” “you have the best customer service ever! it’s easy, the reps are friendly, helpful, and fast. good customer service nowadays is hard to find. thank you!” “don’t change a thing. everything is easy, speedy, and your customer service is outstanding. thank you.” “i am very happy with your service, and i like the shortcuts you have made to make the order process even quicker (sending email reminders that take you directly to your order information.) thanks!” “i have worked in a call center and been in customer service with multiple companies for years, and i cannot think of even one thing to improve. you guys are awesome and i will tell anyone i know who wears contacts!” “you guys are the best! thanks for all that you do! it’s one less stress in life!” follow us s other articles 24 reuses for contact lens cases 7 signs your child may have a vision problem keratitis and the dangers of overwearing contacts what is upp? colored contact lenses contact lenses for dry eyes gas permeable contact lenses disposable contact lenses lens wear and care tips protect your eyes from uv rays why are my lenses blurry? contact lenses and allergies how to get your rx contact lens technology guide to eye health exams are contact lenses right for you? understanding colorblindness a history of contact lenses the rx eye care terms rx verification info the doctor the rx when the doc says "no" doctor wants to charge for my rx fclcalegislative efforts the fclca becomes law recent posts another reason to never run out of contacts never run out of contacts ask dr. clay: should i wear decorative contact lenses with my halloween costume? listen to our streaming radio commercials brian bethers, ceo of 1-800 contacts, accepts the als ice bucket challenge company information our commitment 20/20 guarantee vision 101 the eye how the eye works common visual problems lens fundamentals wearing contacts our story our company public relations corporate contacts company accolades community privacy policy featured articles contact lenses for dry eyes colored contact lenses contact lens technology are contact lenses right for you? your stories contact lens faq customer testimonials customer fanmail common questions (faq) connect special eyes blog press releases connect sitemap shop contacts our commitment – at 1-800 contacts, we are dedicated to providing you with a simple, fast, and hassle-free way to order your contact lenses. when you buy contact lenses from us you'll find: 20/20 guarantee – at 1-800 contacts, your satisfaction is guaranteed. if you're not pleased with your order, we'll make it right. we'll even exchange unopened boxes of previously purchased contact lenses if your prescription changes. the highest quality contact lenses – we maintain the world's largest inventory of contact lenses – almost 10 million. no one is more likely to have your contact lens brand in stock and ready to ship. you'll get the same contact lenses your eye care professional prescribes, but at discount prices and delivered to your door. we offer all of the major brands like acuvue, air optix, biofinity, focus, freshlook, proclear, purevision, and soflens, as well as specialty toric contact lenses, colored contacts, and bifocal lenses. you can order with confidence – as the world's largest contact lens store®, 1-800 contacts has filled more than 16 million orders for more than 5 million customers. to ensure you get the exact contact lenses you need, we'll verify your prescription with your doctor before shipping your contact lenses right to your door. plus, our customers get unbeatable savings when they take advantage of our discount prices and exclusive contact lens special offers. every order is backed by our 20/20 guarantee at 1-800 contacts, we know that the last thing you need is something else to worry about. that's why we make getting your contacts easy, and then back up every order with our 20/20 guarantee. that means that if you are dissatisfied for any reason, we'll make it right. each of our customers enjoy: live customer service support by chat, email, or phone available 24/7 to address your needs. free exchanges of unopened boxes of previously purchased contact lenses if your prescription changes. free replacement of torn contact lenses. learn more the material provided on this site is for informational purposes only. have your eyes examined regularly and always follow your eye care professional's instructions for the proper use and care of your contact lenses. if you experience pain or discomfort from your contact lens, discontinue use immediately and consult your eye care professional. all discounts and promotions are applied to future purchases only and cannot be applied to past purchases. © 1-800 contacts, all rights reserved