来源URL: https://web.archive.org/web/20141230141442/http://www.1800contacts.com/connect/featured-articles/rx-verification-info
================================================================================

rx verification info | 1-800 contacts home search sign in how to order find my brand sign out order status my account get the app feedback call us search home sign in sign out find my brand acuvue air optix biofinity dailies freshlook more brands how to order order status my account feedback email: custid: fast, free shipping on orders over $50 low price guarantee we match any authorized price contact lens specialist live chat available 24/7 my account sign in sign in sign in sign in with facebook sign in with google sign in with amazon or sign in with email remember me forgot your password? sign in close search select your brand customer service dashboard order status & history shipping & billing info account settings & password sign out acuvue air optix avaira biofinity biomedics extreme h2o focus frequency freshlook proclear purevision soflens eye care solutions > view all 1-day acuvue® 30 pack 1-day acuvue® moist® 30 pack 1-day acuvue® moist® 90 pack 1-day acuvue® moist® for astigmatism 30 pack 1-day acuvue® trueye® 90 pack acuvue oasys with hydraclear plus 24 pack acuvue oasys with hydraclear plus 6 pack acuvue® acuvue® 2 acuvue® 2 colours® acuvue® advance® acuvue® advance® for astigmatism acuvue® advance® plus 24 pack acuvue® advance® plus 6 pack acuvue® bifocal acuvue® oasys® for astigmatism acuvue® oasys® for presbyopia acuvue® oasys® with hydraclear plus 12 pack air optix aqua air optix aqua multifocal air optix colors air optix for astigmatism air optix night & day aqua avaira avaira toric biofinity biofinity multifocal biofinity toric biofinity xr biomedics 1-day 90 pack biomedics 38 biomedics 55 biomedics 55 evolution biomedics 55 premier biomedics ep (proclear ep) biomedics toric biomedics xc clarity h2o extreme h2o 54% 13.6 extreme h2o 54% 14.2 extreme h2o 54% toric lc extreme h2o 54% toric mc extreme h2o 59% thin extreme h2o 59% xtra icuity h2o dailies aquacomfort plus 30 pack dailies aquacomfort plus 90 pack dailies aquacomfort plus multifocal 30 pack dailies aquacomfort plus multifocal 90 pack dailies aquacomfort plus toric 30 pack dailies aquacomfort plus toric 90 pack dailies total1 30 pack dailies total1 90 pack focus dailies 30 pack focus dailies 90 pack focus dailies progressives 30 pack focus dailies toric 30 pack focus dailies toric 90 pack focus monthly softcolors frequency 55 frequency 55 aspheric frequency 55 multifocal frequency 55 toric frequency 55 toric xr freshlook colorblends freshlook colorblends toric freshlook colors freshlook dimensions freshlook handling tint freshlook one-day freshlook toric proclear proclear 1 day multifocal 90 pack proclear 1-day 90 pack proclear 1-day multifocal 30 pack proclear ep (biomedics ep) proclear multifocal proclear toric proclear toric xr purevision purevision 2 purevision 2 for astigmatism purevision 2 multi-focal purevision multi-focal purevision toric (purevision for astigmatism) soflens 38 soflens daily disposable for astigmatism soflens daily disposables 90 pack soflens multi-focal soflens toric (soflens for astigmatism) clear care® 2 pack opti-free® puremoist® 2 pack opti-free® replenish® 2 pack opti-free® puremoist® solution 10oz zaditor® eye drops 2pk systane® balance systane® ultra opti-free® puremoist® drops how to order common questions (faq) chat with us contact us how to read your rx sign in use alternate sign in sign in with facebook sign in with google sign in with amazon or sign in with email remember me forgot your password? sign in sign in are you a new customer? tap here to create an account. sign in with facebook sign in with google sign in with amazon or sign in with email remember me forgot your password? sign in connect e featured articles e rx verification info rx verification info it is important to understand that under the recently enacted fairness to contact lens consumer law (fclca) effective february 4, 2004, much of 1-800 contacts communications to eye care providers regarding prescription verification are regulated in detail. 1-800 contacts is committed to providing extraordinary customer service. as such, we have contracted and worked with industry leaders and expended substantial resources in order to implement a verification system that is in compliance with the fclca and rules.  1-800 contacts has used these leading technologies and resources to develop a system that is intelligible, easy to use, efficient, and timely for all parties involved in the verification process, from consumers, to sellers, and eye care providers (“ecp”). two key points within the verification process are 1) the outbound phone verification communication process that uses one of the latest text-to-speech technologies on the market today, developed by nuance communications inc., an industry leader in voice and text-to-speech technologies  2) the inbound fax verification response process that is specifically “designed to manage high-volume, time-sensitive document delivery…(and)…never worry about your customers and correspondents receiving a busy signal when trying to send a fax,” developed by an industry leader, verizon business. 1-800 contacts has taken substantial effort to ensure that the phone verification system is doctor and doctor staff friendly as well as providing all of the required contact lens verification information to the ecp’s office, so that the doctor or office personnel can verify (at their convenience or within the federal 8 business hour verification period defined by the fclca) the contact lens prescription.  1-800 contacts has also taken substantial effort to ensure that the fax verification system is one of the best systems on the market today and specifically chose this fax system because of the systems’ no busy signal guarantees. due to the strict rules of the fclca, 1-800 contacts has determined that the phone verification system is the best way we can be sure we have complied with the federal law. this phone system assures us that the proper information is transmitted in an intelligible fashion.  1-800 contacts reviewed several options in terms of our ability to comply with the law before we chose the present system. the company then further improved the system in order to make the text-to-speech pronunciation as easy to understand as possible. we have added the customization features described below in order to make it easy for each office to use. by using the phone system, we believe that our customers receive quicker/better service and response time. instead of a fax sitting on the machine all day, the phone system ensures that the verification request is brought to the attention of the office personnel in the shortest possible time. it is our belief that this will expedite the eye care providers response and thus satisfy consumers’ needs. finally, in discussions with several doctor’s offices we became aware that if an eye care provider were to need information about one of their patients that is transferring to another office – they would not fax the request. instead, they would call the office to make sure it was brought to offices’ attention. we are attempting the same and understand that this is customary in the industry. many offices have asked that we use live person, rather than an automated system. in order to ensure an absolutely consistent approach that conveys all of the required information, we use a system that works exactly the same – every time. this completely rids the verification process of system error, emotion, or other problems that sometimes occur. due to the severe penalties the company could face if we do not comply with all of the rules surrounding the verification attempt, we must be absolutely positive that there is someone in the office or able to take the verification message and that that person receives all of the requisite information. further, the system call communicates the information required, by law, in approximately two (2) minutes. if however, the ecp office feels that two minutes is too burdensome, our system gives the office customized options to have the system call back in 5 minutes, to pause, resume, repeat, or skip the introduction (the introduction is approx. 30 seconds or approx. 25% of the call length). this system allows the office to customize the verification session to fit the office needs while still providing the most expedited service to our customer and the eye care provider’s patient. we believe that the system – when properly understood and used – is the easiest and most efficient way to complete the federally mandated verification with nearly 50,000 offices across the nation. we feel that this verification process does not place significant burden on any office staff, as we are acting in behalf of the patient to verify their contact lens prescription information in accordance with the fclca. the initial verification phone call does not require the end user to verify the prescription right then.  it simply conveys the required contact lens verification information so that the office, at their convenience, can verify the contact lens prescription. the fclca has determined that a seller of contact lenses who must verify a prescription must wait 8 business hours once the required information has been successfully communicated to the eye care provider office.  if the seller does not receive verification response within that given time frame the seller is allowed to ship the contact lens order. for more information, please feel free to contact a doctor service representative at doctorservice@1800contacts.com follow us s other articles 24 reuses for contact lens cases 7 signs your child may have a vision problem keratitis and the dangers of overwearing contacts what is upp? colored contact lenses contact lenses for dry eyes gas permeable contact lenses disposable contact lenses lens wear and care tips protect your eyes from uv rays why are my lenses blurry? contact lenses and allergies how to get your rx contact lens technology guide to eye health exams are contact lenses right for you? understanding colorblindness a history of contact lenses the rx eye care terms rx verification info the doctor the rx when the doc says "no" doctor wants to charge for my rx fclcalegislative efforts the fclca becomes law recent posts another reason to never run out of contacts never run out of contacts ask dr. clay: should i wear decorative contact lenses with my halloween costume? listen to our streaming radio commercials brian bethers, ceo of 1-800 contacts, accepts the als ice bucket challenge company information our commitment 20/20 guarantee vision 101 the eye how the eye works common visual problems lens fundamentals wearing contacts our story our company public relations corporate contacts company accolades community privacy policy featured articles contact lenses for dry eyes colored contact lenses contact lens technology are contact lenses right for you? your stories customer testimonials customer fanmail common questions (faq) connect special eyes blog press releases connect sitemap shop contacts our commitment – at 1-800 contacts, we are dedicated to providing you with a simple, fast, and hassle-free way to order your contact lenses. when you buy contact lenses from us you'll find: 20/20 guarantee – at 1-800 contacts, your satisfaction is guaranteed. if you're not pleased with your order, we'll make it right. we'll even exchange unopened boxes of previously purchased contact lenses if your prescription changes. the highest quality contact lenses – we maintain the world's largest inventory of contact lenses – almost 10 million. no one is more likely to have your contact lens brand in stock and ready to ship. you'll get the same contact lenses your eye care professional prescribes, but at discount prices and delivered to your door. we offer all of the major brands like acuvue, air optix, biofinity, focus, freshlook, proclear, purevision, and soflens, as well as specialty toric contact lenses, colored contacts, and bifocal lenses. you can order with confidence – as the world's largest contact lens store®, 1-800 contacts has filled more than 16 million orders for more than 5 million customers. to ensure you get the exact contact lenses you need, we'll verify your prescription with your doctor before shipping your contact lenses right to your door. plus, our customers get unbeatable savings when they take advantage of our discount prices and exclusive contact lens special offers. every order is backed by our 20/20 guarantee at 1-800 contacts, we know that the last thing you need is something else to worry about. that's why we make getting your contacts easy, and then back up every order with our 20/20 guarantee. that means that if you are dissatisfied for any reason, we'll make it right. each of our customers enjoy: live customer service support by chat, email, or phone available 24/7 to address your needs. free exchanges of unopened boxes of previously purchased contact lenses if your prescription changes. free replacement of torn contact lenses. learn more the material provided on this site is for informational purposes only. have your eyes examined regularly and always follow your eye care professional's instructions for the proper use and care of your contact lenses. if you experience pain or discomfort from your contact lens, discontinue use immediately and consult your eye care professional. all discounts and promotions are applied to future purchases only and cannot be applied to past purchases. © 1-800 contacts, all rights reserved