来源URL: https://web.archive.org/web/20161115171050/https://www.1800contacts.com/connect/your-stories/customer-fanmail
================================================================================

customer fanmail | 1-800 contacts questionswhy is my vision blurry with my contact lenses?can i buy contact lenses online without a prescription?contact lens faqis it safe to swim with contacts?is it safe to sleep in contact lenses?can you shower with contact lenses?can you wear torn or ripped contact lenses?are contact lenses right for you?da vinci to disposable: a history of contact lenseswhere does 1-800 contacts buy lenses?ask doctor claywhat are the best contact lenses?ask doctor clay: i’m considering contactsis it safe to wear halloween contact lenses?problemscontact lenses for dry eyescontact lenses and allergiescommon vision problems7 warning signs your child may have a vision problemcontact lens problems to watch out forkeratitis and the dangers of overwearing your contactsprotecting your eyes from ultraviolet (uv) raysit’s not all black and white: understanding colorblindnesslens carecontact lenses for beginnershow to put in contactshow to take out contactshow to clean contacts24 reuses for contact lens caseshow to clean your contact lens casehow to care for your contact lensesyour guide to contact lens solutioncleaning and disinfecting contact lenses with hydrogen peroxide solutionmakeup tips for contact lens wearerstraveling with contact lenseslens typescolored contact lensestypes of contact lensesmultifocal and bifocal contact lensesgas permeable contact lenseslens finderdisposable contact lenses: are they right for me?contact lens technologynight vision contact lenses? yes, please.introducing 1-day acuvue define contact lensesintroducing air optix colorsdoc/rxhow to get a contact lens prescriptionwhat to expect at an eye exama guide to vision correctionthe soft contact lens prescriptionwhen the doc says “no”my doctor wants to charge me for my rxthe doctorthe fclca becomes lawrx verification infofclcashop contactsquestionswhy is my vision blurry with my contact lenses?can i buy contact lenses online without a prescription?contact lens faqis it safe to swim with contacts?is it safe to sleep in contact lenses?can you shower with contact lenses?can you wear torn or ripped contact lenses?are contact lenses right for you?da vinci to disposable: a history of contact lenseswhere does 1-800 contacts buy lenses?ask doctor claywhat are the best contact lenses?ask doctor clay: i’m considering contactsis it safe to wear halloween contact lenses?problemscontact lenses for dry eyescontact lenses and allergiescommon vision problems7 warning signs your child may have a vision problemcontact lens problems to watch out forkeratitis and the dangers of overwearing your contactsprotecting your eyes from ultraviolet (uv) raysit’s not all black and white: understanding colorblindnesslens carecontact lenses for beginnershow to put in contactshow to take out contactshow to clean contacts24 reuses for contact lens caseshow to clean your contact lens casehow to care for your contact lensesyour guide to contact lens solutioncleaning and disinfecting contact lenses with hydrogen peroxide solutionmakeup tips for contact lens wearerstraveling with contact lenseslens typescolored contact lensestypes of contact lensesmultifocal and bifocal contact lensesgas permeable contact lenseslens finderdisposable contact lenses: are they right for me?contact lens technologynight vision contact lenses? yes, please.introducing 1-day acuvue define contact lensesintroducing air optix colorsdoc/rxhow to get a contact lens prescriptionwhat to expect at an eye exama guide to vision correctionthe soft contact lens prescriptionwhen the doc says “no”my doctor wants to charge me for my rxthe doctorthe fclca becomes lawrx verification infofclcashop contacts fan mailhome > your stories > fan mailjuly 2016i wanted to let the company know that i just used the chat feature on 1-800 contacts and i am thoroughly impressed. i am not a successful contacts wearer so far so i was contemplating trying a new brand my doctor recommended, but wasn't sure i was willing to keep trying. i chatted with courtney and was fantastic. she was incredibly nice, understanding, and extremely helpful. she helped me get my order placed, and understood the gibberish abbreviations the doctors use. she made me feel confident enough in the choice that i bought 2 boxes for each eye and will definitely come back to y'all if this brand works out. she was professional, kind, and understanding...which is not always found in a company call or chat. you are lucky to have her on your team. she's a great asset.sarah c, austin, txi think sierra is absolutely a doll! the minute she said "hello", i knew i was in good hands! i've been up and down, i lost 2 brothers days apart. it came too fast and too furious, i guess. she absolutely is wonderful, so efficient, everything! i had to let her supervisor know how wonderful she is! you have wonderful people there, just blooming with kindness! i have been with you forever, and i will never leave. i'd be willing to fly sierra out to fl on my private jet!!!carol r, lighthouse point, flhello, i just arranged to exchange my lenses for an updated prescription via an online chat with alyssa. i'd like to just acknowledge how simple the process was and how friendly and efficient alyssa was. a few months ago i worked with someone else who was also really wonderful. that scenario was a little complicated because i had a grant from a non-profit to pay for my lenses, and that customer service agent went above and beyond to sort it all out. i wish i could recall her name (but i imagine you have records of the call/ order). thank you for valuing customer service! it's hard to imagine employees being so super friendly and happy if they're unhappy at work, so thank you for whatever policies you have in place to support and value your staff, as well.kristina c, seattle, wai have astigmatism in one eye and my prescription submitted reflected that, but my order did not, so near 9 pm at night, i received a call to fix it. the next day i called back and an associate answered in less that one full ring. he was awesome. he explained the issue and how he was going to resolve it. there was no price difference and since it was my first order, he even gave me free 3 day shipping! i have never received such great customer service. i can tell 1-800 contacts really invests in its employees because of experiences like that. i've already recommended everyone i know to take advantage of you guys!aimee w, kirkland, wai want to take my hat off to you guys at 1-800 contacts! i will only order from you guys! the service there is impeccable!!! you guys made sure my son going to australia got his lenses and he's coming back friday and you guys have just gone above and beyond! very friendly and professional!!joyce r, new york, nythis is my message: first, pat was terrific today, very helpful and easy to work with. but, i must compliment 1-800 contacts, the management and the company, because i have never had a bad experience! it's truly great that there is a company today that puts you right through to a human who is helpful and goes out of their way to help! many kudos to the 1-800 contacts staff everyone i have ever spoken to has gone over and above and been extremely helpful!!! please don't stop this kind of great customer service!!!!! sincerely elaine, a long-standing customer.ps: fyi i tried another company one time and came right back to 1-800 contacts because of the customer service!elaine c, greenwich, cti'm very straight forward, you answer the phone faster than anyone! 5 stars! i haven't done business with you in a couple of years and i am just blown away! outstanding!!! best customer service- hands down! very efficient and really great!simon b, orlando, flit was absolutely fabulous from the moment i called and she answered the phone and this is why. she had a smile in her voice. she was so perky upbeat and i could tell from the moment she answered that i was going to have a good experience. first impressions make big difference! i appreciated the help and advice as she saved me money. she took time to talk to me about solution, which my doctor never helps me understand! very bubbly, friendly, and knowledgeable.hilary e, brandon, flthank you to you guys! anytime i've ever had an issue with my contacts you guys have just done such a good job with me. i was diagnosed with glaucoma yesterday and when i came home i found 2 pairs of contacts you guys had just sent me. you guys have just been so good for me, my daughter and husband. everyone is so helpful and friendly!robert b, jacksonville, fli received an email about my rx not being verified, and that was why i left target optical to order from you. i was so mad about that email, and was calling in feeling very angry about that. when deena answered the phone and i heard her voice, it started to calm me down. she could probably feel how upset i was. she handled the situation so professionally, i was so impressed. i am a supervisor for customer service at an insurance business, so i know what it's like to get calls from people who are upset, and it really drains me. deena's voice and professionalism completely turned my day around. i just had to tell someone what a difference she made for my day today.tracy h, amelia, ohjune 2016the person who assisted me was extremely helpful. due to that experience, i have already recommended your company to several people (including my ex ;-). it is about the people and the experience and the price. she worked hard to get me a good price and, since my lenses are very expensive, it made a big difference. i also like that one can return "bad" lenses as that sometimes happens. with cheap lenses it isn't a big deal but with mine, on the rare occasion that it occurs, it will be nice to be reimbursed in some way. people matter.laura h, san francisco, cai cannot say enough, i don't usually do this, but jeff went really really above and beyond to make sure my contacts arrived today. he is amazing. when i called about them, he was so concerned and looked up everything. i'm so impressed that you guys answer your phone on the first ring- blown away. i will highly recommend the company. he kept saying he'd call me back when the mail comes, super concerned, willing so send me lenses if they didn't make it to me today. i've never had someone be so kind and go above and beyond on their job. it was like we were friends!! it was obvious he cares about his job - he's very passionate about what he does!!connor p, sykesville, mdi want to give some positive feedback. i want to give praise to your customer service representatives. i tried to download your mobile app to take advantage of the one time discount you were offering if you ordered through the app. my phone was having issues and i wasn't able to download it. jeremy on chat helped me and was so gracious and offered to discount that amount even though i wasn't able to use the app. he offered to follow up because i didn't have my credit card at the time. i missed his call and had to call back. allen then helped me and was very kind, offered free expedited shipping and really helped me out. both guys were awesome, i feel grateful for getting to deal with them and it really shows that you guys know what you're doing as a company. great job!reshma m, wheatley heights, nyi wanted to give melissa a great review. she's really been helping me out, she's been very kind. people are always wanting to complain whenever there is a problem. whenever someone does a really good job, and helpful, and friendly and i love to make sure they get recognized. she gave great customer service, very sweet, listened to me complain and was helpful. she has been very patient with me and helped me get my order straight. i appreciate her kindness.christine d, mobile, ali was trying to order contacts for my son, who is deployed overseas, and your customer service representative nick was beyond helpful to me. i was lacking all kinds of information and trying to retrieve it from my son while he is at a 10 hour time difference. nick even helped me by calling the clinic to get his prescription. (it turns out there are loopholes and soldiers actually aren't supposed to wear contacts while deployed). i just wanted you to know he was awesome! thank you 1-800 contacts!!conor m, apo, aei've spoken to a couple of different people and mary really helped me. she listened to my entire story, the awfulness of working with eye doctors' offices. so sweet, called me right back on the dot. when i read her the prescription she recognized right away the doctor messed up and the 3rd time they had to correct the prescription. if it weren't for the education that you guys received, i wouldn't have known that this was wrong. she went to bat for me. because of her, i'm getting my correct prescription. she's gone above and beyond and just deserves so much recognition.edna a, boston, mai am a first time customer, i just didn't know what to expect. i decided to give you guys a shot. jeff was excellent. he answered all my questions, he was super friendly. he did his job really well and was really great to deal with. many companies now days are getting worse and worse with their service but it just shows what a great company you are.erin c, las vegas, nvi wanted to give jesse a compliment. he is the best customer service rep that i have ever dealt with. not just at your company, but with any company. he is really something. great personality, awesome customer service skills. he's an asset to your company!george t, great meadows, njjust wanted to say a big thank you to peter who was incredibly helpful, patient, and understanding with my unique contact situation. i have had several issues getting a new pair of contacts between prescription issues, delayed deliveries, etc., and he truly made my night with his customer service. you have great staff on your hands!megane s, new market, mdi wanted to take a moment to write and let you know just how helpful jeremy was just now. he was eloquent in his responses to my questions and he even gave me some nice options for saving money on my order. i believe it's important to let people know when they are doing a good job, especially in today's world where customer service seems like a lost art. not only did jeremy make me feel as if he cared, he genuinely showed it.marc d, stevenson ranch, calet me just say first of all, i work in the it field all day getting happy customers, disgruntled customers, people who wake up on the wrong side of bed. i have to say that kylie was by far the best customer service person i've ever worked with at any company. i've been on the phone with her for the better portion of an hour. the mobile app processed my payment, but not my order. she helped me from getting annoyed. i can't say enough good things about her.jordan r, san pablo, camay 2016i woke up this morning to discover my glasses had broken. i can't see very well (obviously) and i have to fly to my mother's wake on monday. i was absolutely freaking out trying to figure out what i could do. i reached out to the customer service online chat and first talked to sara a. she was so polite, accommodating, and welcoming that i started to calm down, and after having internet connection problems, i was connected with nick, and we were able to get my issue resolved. their support through this has meant the world to me and honestly they deserve raises for how great of a job they've done, i appreciated their service so much that i felt it necessary to send this email. you don't need to respond but honestly, they were so great.caitlin w, philadelphia, pai wanted to make sure to take the time to comment on how incredibly grateful i am. i had a young lady named kim handle my recent order. it was a bit of a fiasco because i was trying to do something that i apparently couldn't just do without talking to the doctor first (change my contact brand). i felt terrible for making her work so hard to get all the approval and in the end i didn't get it. she was just so nice and didn't make me feel like i was talking to a robot person who hated their job. she deserves some kudos for her service. it's because of people like her that i continue to purchase from this company. give that girl a raise!lona f, kearney, nei've been in sales for 40 years and have never received this kind of customer service. melissa investigated my issue and found my order had been returned. she was so incredibly helpful. if i could get this kind of service from other companies this would be a wonderful world. melissa was great, so so helpful and went out of her way. she made all of my issues all go away. i know good service when i see it and she turned my whole day around. she went over the top with kindness and patience she was great really really terrific!amy b, ponte vedra beach, flit's important that you look up every single person who has ever helped me over the phone to take my order, help verify my prescription, or deal with anything i have needed through you guys and give them special recognition. i have never ever once experienced bad customer service from you guys, quite the opposite. this is the only business establishment i have ever dealt with in my life (47 years here on earth) that has given me the level of consistent above average customer service the best, i mean absolutely happiest, friendliest above average customer service i have ever experienced. no one as ever even been the slightest bit of rude or even changed their tone when something became a question or a challenge. everybody has always gone above and beyond to make me happy and if something got mixed up or their was an issue in communication with my eye doctor (always my eye doctor offices fault, it has never been yours) you guys have done everything to get it resolved and make it right.cindy n, long beach, caawesome....i have to admit this was the greatest experience...i am very happy to have you. i was very frustrated when i tore my contact but you made this so smooth. forever a customer... customer service goes a long way with me...i have a very stressful job and to have someone who is nice..just made my day! you are certainly in the right job!tammy p, wake forest, ncjust wanted to send an email about the great customer service i received today. jeremy was very professional and helpful. i needed contacts quickly and after 3 phone calls to different contact places, it seemed like the contacts were hard to get, not in stock, etc. jeremy immediately knew the type/brand of contacts and knew exactly when to hit me up for the sale. having the customer service agents assist with the order made a difference for me and i also recognized that jeremy knows his stuff and immediately determined what my priorities were (i needed the contacts in time for my daughters graduation). he also gave me all kinds of information quickly…including the price-matching. i hope jeremy is recognized for his abilities and skills. good customer service agents are hard to come by.sierra m, mesa, azi accidentally sent my contacts to my old address while ordering the other day. to clarify this situation i called and spoke with a man named steven and just wanted to say how helpful and awesome he was! i've always had wonderful customer service with 1-800 contacts and am consistently amazed with how accommodating you are! thanks a million!katy b, fort myers beach, fli truly cannot thank you enough for your very quick reply and for your resolution! i have been so impressed with 1-800 contacts’ customer service in the past, but you really went above and beyond and have provided me such relief knowing i can get my contacts in time. you have a loyal customer in me!meagan f, atlanta, gai had asked to have my contacts sent to another address where i was vacationing and then at the last minute my plans changed and i needed to send it to my home address...the woman i spoke to was incredible! i am sorry i did not get her name...but she should be given a raise for how she was able to stop the contacts from going out and re-routing them to my home address! she is a star! she made me a lifetime fan and customer of 1-800 contacts!laurel m, olympic valley, cai just want to say that i just got off the phone with tracy and that was the best customer service i've ever had. i woke up so stressed out this morning about the situation and she really put me at ease and took care of the whole situation where i felt comfortable and i really appreciate her. i hope she gets recognized for being so amazing!kevin k, webster groves, moapril 2016i am writing to you today to just say how impressed i was with one of your representatives. his name is devon and i'm sure you can track him down by my order. devon was very friendly and helpful. he also called my eye doctor to get my prescription and got back to me right away. i really appreciate good service and he was outstanding. i will definitely be ordering again from your company. i hope that he will be recognized for his good work!joseph m, hainesport, nji wanted to pass along a compliment about excellent customer service i received by one of your customer service reps yesterday on the phone. i spoke with jenny about an order i had placed for my daughter, which we had mistakenly put down our old eye doctor on. she not only helped clean up our profile, deleting old addresses, updating all contact info, inputting the new eye doctor info, she also pointed out that i could save $50 by ordering a 90 pack of contacts rather than 3 x 30 packs!!anne g, annandale, nji am writing this letter as a humble note of appreciation for the outstanding customer service provided by your contact lens specialist. i recently ordered 12 boxes of contacts, only to have my prescription updated by my optometrist on my last visit. i utilized the online chat option when i logged into my account, and jan my service specialist guided my through the daunting task of returning my contacts, updating my file and ordering the appropriate prescription. jan's ability to provide the resolution quickly exceeded my expectations. i really commend the prompt service provided by jan. she was extremely knowledgeable and patient throughout our transaction, and called me to be clear on how to proceed. great service makes your customers feel that you care about developing a long-term relationship which means more than just making a sale. after the quality care i received today, you now have another loyal customer.tashiana k, honolulu, hii just want to talk to you about melissa's service. she was outstanding! she's the reason i'll be a continuing customer with you. she went out of her way after i'd already placed the order, about fifteen minutes after she called me back. she definitely has my loyalty! she went above and beyond. i'm getting married this weekend and she really took care of me!ceasar t, mercedes, txhands down, the rep that i talked to over the phone was the most fantastic rep i've ever spoken with. he literally made the experience as good as it was. i'm not someone who cares all that much about how i'm spoken to per se. i don't need to be treated special in any way. but this guy had a natural politeness and an empathetic demeanor to him. he's the reason i would recommend you guys. contacts are contacts: i just want them when i want them. whoever i spoke to represented your company perfectly and i'm sure i'm not the only one who feels that way about him.sean a, loganville, gafirst of all, i am giving you this feedback while my hockey game is on tv right now, so you know this must be very important to me that you hear this. first off, melissa is really bubbly and i love that, it makes me feel really good. she was so professional and her demeanor is just great. out of all the reps i’ve spoken with she is the best. i’d love to steal her from you! she followed through like she said she would, she called me after the lenses were delivered and i walked out and there they were on my front porch! thank you for the wonderful service!kelly w, marina cove, cai want to praise the exceptional customer service that mitch has provided. he went above and beyond my expectations. the customer service that mitch provided me has ensured that i will continue to order with you in the future. congrats to 1-800 contacts for selecting a person like mitch to work for you. good customer service never goes out of style and i appreciate his help so much and i wish more companies had people like mitch.philip d, west babylon, nyi was just talking to ali, and she went above and beyond for me. she went millions and millions of miles to keep me a satisfied customer. you don't find too many people who will do that. she was wonderful, she did great. she is a great lady and she knows what she's doing. i appreciate what she did for me and that one kind of employee that i wish most businesses had people like her.michael c, midland, txmarch 2016i just wanted to compliment your company on your customer service! i tried to get some contacts using an old prescription as i have not had time to go to the doctor, the doctor denied to allow you to send me new contacts but the phone call i received explaining all of that to me was awesome. i wish i would have written down the gentleman’s name but he was extremely nice and explained it all to me with ease – if i ever get my prescription renewed i’ll be ordering from you all. you don’t find great customer service these days all too often but i’m happy when i do!! thanks!!rachel f, cincinnati, ohi just was speaking with kaitlyn. every time i call 1-800 contacts i have such a positive experience. they really try to do everything they can to take care of me. i don't have to wait on hold for 10 min and i get through right away. i am always really happy to order through 1-800 contacts. i work at a call center so i completely understand what it's like. i just wanted to say thank you to her and the company.jennifer c, orinda, cai have ordered with 1-800 contacts several times now, and have never had a bad experience. however, this last time i never received my package containing my contacts. after viewing the tracking number, it was evident that ups had lost the package (1-800 was not at fault). i reached out on the online chat to see if there was anything that could be done, expecting the worst. alyssa was very kind and thorough in her responses. she quickly recommended that another shipment could be sent and delivered. i thought i'd try to give ups a call, but alyssa instead gave me the option to re-ship the original order back if it ever showed up. i'm very impressed by alyssa's professional actions, as well as her ability to deal with "the problem". i felt inclined to reach out on her behalf to make sure you all are aware of her good work. not only did i have a great run in with a great worker, but i also get to expect my contacts on my porch very soon. thanks, alyssa!whitney g, parker, cothis is the first time i have ever spoken with anyone at your company. brindi was fabulous. so helpful and so kind! she was so helpful and so sweet! she deserves an extra something. just fabulous! and i'm just so impressed!! especially the first time to speak with a company and it can make and break- i was so pleased! she was incredibly kind and so patient. she deserves that free lunch!!noelle k, baton rouge, lai just wanted to drop someone a note that trenton helped me this evening with some information and went above and beyond by calling the eye doctor for me! he was courteous, fast, attentive and did everything he possibly could to resolve my query - which he did solve. way above and beyond. fantastic job. when i get my prescription i will come back to 1-800 contacts instead of contacts direct because of him. great job.katrina t, boynton beach, fli have to say, i have had nothing short of exceptional service since i've switched to 1-800 contacts. i am always impressed with how speedy shipping is, especially with my unique prescription. most recently, i had an issue where my prescription was not currently in stock. i reached out to customer service, and they were a breeze to work with. they upgraded my order to 1-day expedited shipping, and even sent me a courtesy call this afternoon to inform me that my delivery is on the way. emily is great at what she does, and has outstanding people skills.amber w, muskegon, mii wanted to let you know that i had fantastic customer service from alyssa. having to place an order with a screaming 2 1/2 year old is not easy. they were both very very friendly and professional. i just appreciated it. she deserves 5 gold stars. my husband and i have both worked in customer service so when i get such wonderful friendly voices on the other end, it means a lot. not often do you say "wow!" what great customer service people you have. friendly and staying on task.ellen e, university place, wai just want to compliment your customer service. i wish i had the exact person who helped me, but there was a long, comical story about why i needed contacts immediately and my young daughter was trying to help me order using my phone after i had inadvertently destroyed my last pair at an appointment. she accidentally ordered over $700 worth of contact lenses, which nearly caused me to lose my stuff when i saw the confirmation order. i emailed in a panicked request to make changes, and they were made immediately and kindly. i appreciated that so much! they could have been irritated and they would have been justified, but they weren't and i so appreciated individuals who understand that i am at loose ends most of the day! =)sarah d, morgan, uti want to thank your specialist mariah for going way beyond her role during my last order. i was actually in the hospital recovering from a heart attack and she not only processed my order quickly, she took the time to send me a cookbook for recovering heart attack survivors. the extra effort meant the world to me and i hope you pass along my appreciation. thank you mariah, from my (now healing) heart!paul p, mount sterling, ohi have wonderful feedback to give you. this is possibly the best customer service experience i have ever had. i tried to order earlier through paypal and it didn't work so you guys called me and let me know.. apologized!!! even though it wasn't your fault and offered me a free next business shipping option. i called in tonight to see what your hours were expecting to get a recording because that's how every call center works. no i got a live human being! a real person picked up and took care of my order for me. so thank you so much this is how you get customers. i am going to tell everyone about you guys. i am so impressed!sarah s, villa park, cai just want to take the time to let you know how excited i am about your company. i have never worked with a company that takes customer service so seriously and every single person i have worked with has been amazing! and zach was no exception. he really took the time to talk to me like a human being instead of being rushed and trying to get to his next call. that's not something you come across that often in this day and age and i am just so impressed with you guys and so grateful for the customer service you guys provide! thank you for making calling in such a pleasant experience!justin c, bowie, mdfebruary 2016i want to say brett is a rock star... i moved to 1-800 contacts from lens.com because of brett. i cannot begin to explain how easy and simple brett made things for me. i will recommend your company to everyone i meet. no way will anyone go to any other company if they try 1-800 and get brett.. i work for a major world bank and i would hire brett if i could. you have gem here. he was honest and talked to me like he was my brother. you can't beat customer services like this.christopher m, wayne, nji am so impressed with your customer service! i accidentally put in the wrong prescription when ordering on the app for the first time and didn't realize until i put in a pair and i couldn't' see a thing! i called to see if i could just order a new set with the right prescription and i was told that they would send me the right ones with a prepaid return label for the wrong set i had even though they were already open! the representative on the phone was so helpful and kind! today, whenever i hear people calling customer service for any company there always seems to be issues (rudeness, so many menu prompts, etc.) i was dreading having to call because i figured it would take forever, however i was off the phone in no more than 10 minutes! it was amazing to talk with someone who really seemed to not mind helping! before this, i have usually just gotten my contacts directly from my eye doctor, but from now on i will definitely be ordering through your company! thanks so much!katherine w, atlanta, gai had a great, i mean 'grrrrreat!' experience with erik (with a "k") last night on the live chat and eventually on the telephone. he was wonderful getting my old contact lenses exchanged, new rx up-graded, and sent to a different address while i'm away on a medical treatment trip. he was so knowledgeable, kind, funny, and patient with me as i fumbled and hustled around to collect the scripts, then photograph, text and type all the info into my phone. i hope our interactions were "recorded for training purposes" because he is the standard! he's the bee's knees of customer service. i told him that "amber says, tell your boss you need a trip to spain, a butler, and a foot massage." i've done phone support myself, and know the drill. it's not easy, and reps can fall into drudgery. erik is hands down the best rep i've ever had the pleasure of working with. the last phone rep that won the best awesomest helper was also a 1-800-contacts employee. ya'll are a great outfit.amber b, colorado springs, coi don't know if everyone you have working there is super young but i had the delightful experience to speak with ashley, who's so bubbly, making me think what medicine are these people on?! then i spoke with another wonderful representative named lisa. then this morning i just spoke with alexys who was like a clone of ashley, a clone of you! i want to thank these ladies for being just absolutely delightful to speak with, and so helpful! you don't usually get helped in customer service. i don't know what you do to recruit but the people i had the absolute joy of speaking with you guys. they were respectful and so great. i have no problem with someone saying, "i have no idea what that answer is, let me find out for you, can i call you back?"pauline j, gainesville, flyour customer service representative did an outstanding job. my eye doctor dropped the ball on giving my prescription in a timely manner to the point where i was out of contacts. your rep had my order at my house before 10 am the next day for free. you have no idea how appreciative i am for her outstanding customer service skills. she even called my eye doctor to get the prescription faxed asap. you also sent a whole new order when i bought my last order and my contacts weren't fitting right for some reason. you have the best customer service that i have ever dealt with. thank you.ryan h, troy, ohi was assisted today by jenna regarding a small order for contacts. jenna was originally tasked with confirming my prescription with my optometrist. she eventually had to make three phone calls to me and a number to my optometrist's office, ultimately helping me to change my order. jenna was able to sort out some confusion due to my own mistake and errors in communication by myself and my doctor's office. i believe she went well beyond her intended job responsibilities. jenna was cheerful, friendly, articulate, and patient throughout our dealings today. she is an asset to your company, and a good example of excellent customer service. i hope that she is recognized and rewarded for her efforts.graham t, chattanooga, tnlet me tell you about kelly, she’s a go-getter! she's helped me out more than i can communicate! i'm traveling and she's followed up with me three times today! i want her on my team. very attentive, very personable, very professional and really, to be honest, she did what she said she was going to do! she's good, i'm not kidding you. i have about 400 employees and on monday we'll be talking about kelly and 1-800 contacts. that's the kind of service i want. i'm in mortgage banking law and we have a lot of clients who want to talk about their files 24/7 and they have real simple, mindless questions and it takes people like kelly who are polite, kind and patient! i'm excited about 1-800 contacts. i'm excited about kelly. and another thing you've got - somebody answers the phone when you call! she made my life better. even though it didn't work out, i know she cared and i just wanted someone to care!jason r, little rock, ari am beyond words right now. your company's customer service is phenomenal. deena helped me the other day and she was a doll to speak with. she was awesome and helped me work through the issues i was having. i was confused today when i received an order and thought it was for my son and it shipped wrong. after some confusion i opened the box and it was a gift from your company. i am just floored. it's so ironic, i am a manager at my company and we talked about customer service this morning and how to improve ours. 1-800 contacts is always brought up, you always go above and beyond. i have to say that deena went so above and beyond for me that i am just floored. she was so sweet and made it so simple. your company is great! keep it up!!kimberly n, brookfield, ilso many nice things to say! a few days ago jody helped me, innovative, creative, full of empathy. very empathizing, knew her scope of practice and made things work to my needs. was able to see beyond the issue. followed through with what she said the company would do. this was my first time purchasing a bulk amount and i don't have enough time to concern myself with something else and she just took care of me. kelly was also very helpful and you guys are just great. everyone there is amiable, soft spoken, sometimes they go out of the box, go out of their way just to make sure i have my contacts! i do not regret leaving my optometrist and coming to you guys. i could stay on the phone with all of you- it's like we're all friends!francess m, brandon, flthank you for what you do! i've been a customer for forever. today i received amazing customer service from kylie! i love everything about you guys but she gave exceptional customer service. i just wanted to tell you how phenomenal kyle is and was! i'll be getting lasik here in awhile and i won't be a customer anymore and that's one of the biggest downsides! my daughter loves you, my husband loves you. you always exceed my expectations.tonya b, glenn dale, mdthank you 1-800 contacts. we received the contacts today just in time for my daughter’s pageant. your staff worked exceptionally hard to ensure that this happened. i appreciate all of you and the work you have done for us. thank you very much and please feel free to contact me if you would like to discuss my experience further. once again thank you from john, rosa, and analise.analise g, california city, cahello! i wanted to contact you regarding the wonderful customer service i received from koreen. she did a great job and i wanted to make sure she received kudos for her fabulous job. i wish all companies were this easy to work with. i also attached my tweet your company and our conversation transcript as well. thank you for being a wonderful company to work with and employing attentive, personable customer service representatives! kind regards, laurenlauren o, oswego, ili was so lucky to have valerie answer the phone when i called in. her commitment to customer service is just invaluable! she truly went above and beyond! from the way she said ‘hello’ to the way she made me feel better about the fact that my lenses that i’ve been wearing for 20 years were discontinued. she was so exceptional and you are lucky to have her! i feel like she’s a friend and a true day-brightener! because of her, i will come back to your company because i want to support people who are great!trudy m, plymouth, mni just wanted to say how awesome 1-800 contacts is! i spoke with heather yesterday and she helped to clear up a situation with my eye doc. i got off the phone with her and about an hour later i received an email saying my contacts had shipped. i mean that's great customer service! i prefer using 1-800 contacts as it's so much easier than dealing with the doctor. thank you so much for existing and being so good at what you do!david w, morrisville, nci wanted to just let someone know that the young man david that was just taking care of me was a really nice guy. he was so patient with me. i was kind of going back and forth on ordering or not and he just stuck with me through all of it and i really appreciated it.scott a, tallahassee, fljanuary 2016good afternoon,i just wanted to send a quick note to let you know how pleased i was with the service i received from each representative that i dealt with in ordering my contacts. each person was very quick to respond and even the person i spoke to on the phone was very helpful and willing to go out of her way to help me. i had a few frustrations with my doctor’s office in releasing my rx but had nothing to do with the service i received from 1-800 contacts. i know in this day and time we seldom hear the good things about our customer service. i work in customer service myself, so i always do my best to take the time to send along positive feedback. thanks again for all of your help!sincerely,kristikristi h, lexington, sci was a little apprehensive about ordering my eyewear items online but decided to go for it when i found myself running low and my doctor said it would be two weeks before they could have my lenses in. plus - last time i was in there they had really upset me with their business practices and i just did not want to do business with them again. so, i decided to give you guys and try and i am so glad that i had. you were able to get my lenses to me very quickly and even help me swap some out when i had to go and get my prescription adjusted. i will be using your services again and again, as long as you keep up the awesome customer service, far into the future. i definitely have no problem paying a little more to know that i will be taken care of - and i get that from you guys. but, please don't get me wrong - you're prices were great :0) i just wasn't able t0 use my eye insurance immediately with you - that is all. keep up the great work!cheri h, odenton, mdi'm so happy that you, like many other online vendors, have implemented a chat system to expedite service and improve overall convenience. i want to compliment shandy, the 1-800 contacts representative who assisted me tonight. this agent of yours was so helpful, polite, and fast! no downtime sitting here at my desk, impatiently watching the "agent is typing..." indicator to disappear in anticipation of the next message! i signed on tonight to check the status of my lens order and realized that i forgot to change the delivery address from my old home address. i explained to shandy that i've been waiting, hoping for a quick delivery because nothing feels better than a fresh, brand new pair of lenses and not only did shandy place an order for me for a replacement of the ones being delivered to the wrong address but the shipping was upgraded so that i wouldn't have to wait longer than i would've with the original order!charles y, collins, msi don’t know where to begin. i'm so happy. it’s been a while since i’ve had to order. i called when i had an eye problem last month and i called in to gather my own info. i called today after procrastinating, and i’m so impressed. you took the time to educate me. i made a bigger purchase than i planned because of the experience i got. the experience i wanted in store. i got a more personal more professional service than with the girl in the store! you make it personal and she called me back and she was just there for me every step of the way. when it came down to all of this she was so helpful and gave me so much information. everything, just what i need for a great price- good deal! everything was thorough and i'm so happy. i am sure i will encourage others to use you guys as well!joanna l, new york, nyi love this company. i ordered my contacts with a representative right away. no wait on the phone. they have me text a picture of my prescription straight to them and for free they gave me overnight express shipping for being a returning customer time and time again! i ordered these contacts yesterday and received them today! talk about 100% customer service and super-fast service in general. thank you!ashley h, abilene, txi just wanted to brag about corinne. she was awesome. i like getting great customer service and she really knows how to give that. there was an issue with my order. she explained everything and fixed my order for me. then on top of that she called me back the next day to follow up. i just love you guys! i have insurance that would cover my lenses but i chose to use your service because you're cheaper and everyone is just so nice! i tell all my friends where to get their contacts!annette r, colorado springs, cohello! i just wanted to take a moment to praise an employee. paris helped me today via the chat function on your website. i stupidly forgot to update my shipping address. i had moved since my last order. the order was placed a week ago and i was wondering why it hadn't made it to my house yet. paris was very nice and offered up many solutions. she even expedited shipping without me asking. i really felt like an important customer. she is representing your company well!thank you for all the help!erin g, plano, txi just wanted to tell you how awesome bethany is. she is so great and has stuck with me through this whole process. i work in customer service too and i think it's important to let someone know when they do a great job. she really did. she kept her word to me and really went above and beyond to take care of me. she is such a cute girl too. i love her fun and bubbly personality! tell her i said thank you so much!chyanne h, riverton, utgood afternoon! i would like to share my experience i had this afternoon with one of your customer care representatives named courtney. i found myself smiling throughout our conversation because i felt the genuineness coming from the other end of the screen. she displayed such professionalism and kindness in each interaction. she helped me come up with the best purchase methods and took care of my order from beginning to end, including my scripts and even price matching. i was thankful for having that option because after this experience i truly did not want to give my business to another company after the service i was receiving here because of a difference in price. employees like courtney are what make businesses successful. i will highly be recommending this company to all of my friends and family. if you have any further questions please let me know. thank you again! feliciafelicia d, broken arrow, okhi tyler, i received my contacts this morning and can finally see! being blind is no fun 🙁 i'm sure you know melissa helped to handle the rush you started, and i truly appreciate the service i got from both of you. i spoke to a supervisor yesterday, (unfortunately i do not remember her name) but i let her know you both made me a forever customer after this experience. i've already used 1-800 contacts many times in the past, but this situation showed how the "impossible" was made possible by a few people jumping in to do everything they could to remedy an unfortunate mistake. that is something that is virtually unheard of with customer service these days. the supervisor said you both would be recognized and get lunch, i unfortunately only knew your name was tyler g. i hope this actually does happen for both you and melissa - you definitely deserve it!lacey b, northglenn, coi have been using 1-800 contacts for myself and kids for many years. i'd say, 8 years back and she would always follow up with me and we became like pen pals! after she left i would ask whenever i called that the representative would call me back and no one has until now- jon called me back tonight like he said he would! he apologized for calling back later than he said he would but there was no need- he kept his word. he went above his call of duty and i wanted to let his superiors know that he's not just polite and not just doing his job, he didn't have to call me back or spend so much time on the phone with me but he's calling my doctor tomorrow to get my prescription fixed. he's a genuinely sincere person. he was kind and didn't make me feel dumb because since my brain surgery sometimes i don't say things right or need things explained differently. he was genuinely sincere and fun! he has an amazing attitude, personality and heart.laura c, rome, gadecember 2015hello! so, at 7pm on new year's eve, i realized that we still had money left in our fsa. there was no way i was going to let those jerks at our insurance company keep our money, so i logged into 1-800 contacts to spend, spend, spend! of course, i could not get the transaction to go through, so i logged into your customer service chat and courtney helped me out with such patience and kindness (order number: 0088491651). she was an absolute pleasure to work with and an employee to be proud of. i spent my fsa money, stuck it to the man, and got a great deal on my new lenses! all in all, a great new year's eve!i am looking forward to continued patronage of 1-800 contacts! thank you again for such fantastic service!warmly, briebrie l, collingswood, nji just wanted to give your customer service representative jessica some special recognition this holiday season. she was very helpful in giving information on a referral to an eye doctor to try to see me at a good rate on short notice tomorrow. i have worked in customer service for many years, and i am often disappointed by the service i get when i call companies i have been a long time customer of, such as yours, and get poor service. i will continue to be a customer and order contacts from you this week after my appointment. jessica was even helpful enough to give me the holiday hours so i could get my order in as soon as possible without me thinking to ask! i also asked how i could speak with her again, and she said it was not a gaurentee that i would get her, but if i called in the later night, which is best for me, i would likely reach her. again, i definitely think, as an experienced customer service manager, jessica should receive special recognition to the fullest extent.brandy l, norman, okmy experience was amazing...really!! my son ran out of contacts and needs them for driving and work...he had none!!! i number his boxes so this doesn't happen, but at 23 years old, he used box 3 first, etc....you get the picture. i called your number on a saturday or sunday, got a super nice and very helpful and pleasant young man, faxed the rx and was told they were in stock (yes!!) and my son would have them on monday with shipping priority waived (yes!!) since we were new customers. the contacts were received that monday and we are now only buying from 1-800 contacts! thanks so much for the super great service in a desperate time!anthony s, marlton, nji was just telling ashley about what a wonderful experience i have had with your company. i spoke with 3 separate individuals and everyone was so helpful and didn't put me on hold. it really was a hassle free process and one of the people even followed up with me after i couldn't find my card. i just wanted to let you know what great customer service all of them provided today and please make sure they know that i said thank you!!marceda b, cleveland, ohwanted to pass along a huge thank you to max for his excellent customer service just now, when i re-ordered my lenses. i'm not very good with gadgets and am still a little uncomfortable with my new smart phone, but he did a great job of talking me through the process of texting my rx to you guys. sounds like my lenses are already on their way! i appreciate his courtesy, patience and good humor! this technology thing may not be all bad... 🙂lisa h, springfield, oryou have two of the most wonderful employees. first with jake he helped me so much because i originally didn't have my prescription and he offered to get that all taken care of for me and then offered a follow up call which i got jennifer and she was the same way so super helpful and prompt with the follow up. i am a very busy person so following up on time was so great for me. so please treat them to something for me because they deserve it.hannah b, elon, ncwendy - i didn't have time to visit with your supervisor like i would have liked to, but i would like to offer to you what a wonderful job you did in taking care of my son and i's order today. you saved us some $$ and reminded me of why i've been doing business with you over the years. sure it's the contacts but they can't hold a candle to the service i received today... 🙂and to wendy's supervisor. please extend my gratitude to wendy through some token of appreciation for her wonderful sales service and totally positive attitude in working through my order issues...she has earned it and then some... 🙂kyle l, twin falls, idi just called and ordered my contacts. annette took my order and i have to say.... she was the most pleasant customer service agent i've spoken to on the phone in a long time. it's amazing to reach a person instanttly on the phone and even more impressive to have such a wonderful conversation and great service. you have a great employee, thanks so very much!!!lance m, san antonio, txi hope it's okay for me to do this, but i just want to say thank you so so much for your wonderful customer service, and thank you for taking the time to talk to my eye doctor. i had issues with him from the get go. he is a nice guy, but he was all over the place and sporadic, so i felt very overwhelmed by him. so thanks once again for providing fast and friendly service and for figuring things out so fast!!! i am truly impressed!!!thanks again, and keep up the good work!cassandra a, billings. mti am blown away by the exceptional customer service i just received from your representative tyler. after using the virtual chat to discuss an insurance question, he called me with an additional opportunity to solve my problem. he was extremely polite and nice to talk to. he went above and beyond to assist me as a customer and i am very appreciative! this is a great company and i love ordering my contacts from you all.rikki m, billings, mtgood afternoon,today i was attended to by a customer service representative by the name of cori. i just wanted to take my own time to write this email to note how amazing and effective cori's customer service was. this was beyond satisfactory. cori took the time to help me set up an account and apply a discount code that wasn't working prior to that. i am really appreciative of this, and i hope their manager is informed about this great customer service.very respectfully,adrianadrian k, gainesville, flto whom it may concern: i received from someone whose name is thomas the most amazing gift of candy and a handwritten note to me, thanking me for responding to a survey. i have always thought 1800 contacts was the best company i have ever dealt with, but thomas's gesture was just over the top! i would like to thank him. is there any way i can get in touch with him? p.s. i plan to post a photo of the candy and his note on facebook. you guys deserve the great publicity! sincerely, ireneirene k, englewood, njoh my gosh! you have made my day. (((hugs)))!!!! yes you do have my permission to run that amount on my card. just the one box for today, both eyes are the same. i can’t express my gratitude enough, i was almost at my wits end. what wonderful customer service i have experienced today from you kim! i am also in the customer service field and we often don’t get recognized like we should. i hope you have a wonderful day and a very merry christmas!vaughn m, old hickory, tni have to tell you what a wonderful experience i just had with heather from your customer service line. i had trouble completing my order online and called on a sunday night not expecting to get anyone. i was amazed that not only where there people working but a "real live" person answered the phone. i almost didn't think she was real at first:) she was kind and caring and helped me complete my order. way to go!kathy c, longwood, flnovember 2015i wanted to let you know how ashlee was extremely helpful, very friendly, and easy to work with!! i had to change things on my account, and ashlee was very wonderful walking through the process! phenomenal service provided by ashlee! i love getting a real person with real advice on the best deals every time i call. ashlee was very patient. and i couldn't say anything better about your company. i've worked with bigger companies with 800 numbers and you don't get service like she provided! ashlee is a superstar!!daniel c, billings, mtkelli went above and beyond helping me today! she answered all my questions, showed me different contacts i might like to try, explained the differences in contacts, called my doctor to update my prescription & ordered me my brand new contacts that i am excited to try! she's amazing at customer service & got me to switch over to 1-800 contacts (i was with the other company for over 10 years)! she definitely is a great representation of your company & it's rare to have such good customer service! thanks!ashley m, west roxbury, maon a whim i tried you out off and on for the past couple of years. when i emailed, on a whim, about my left eye lens folding and my right eye having no edges on it i received an email back within 24 hours that you guys will definitely stand by your product. then, after i called in i got a return call. basically, i am thrilled by the customer service i've received. when it turned out my right eye was discontinued, bethany was right on it, immediately calling my doctor to get a brand change. she followed through, stuck with me and kept me in the loop. it's just really rare. thank you!katharine s, cathedral city, cadear sir/madam: i just wanted to write you a quick note to tell you how much i appreciate the help of a gentleman in your employ (josh from utah). he was smart, courteous, efficient and a great problem solver. i truly appreciate great service. he went above and beyond to make my life easier to complete the order. in this day and age when customer service is often outsourced to the least expensive and least qualified persons available which only frustrates customers into finding better options, i appreciate your investment in good people. i am and will continue to be a customer of 1-800 contacts. thank you.maureen h, watertown, mayour rep was awesome!!!! i received my lenses several weeks ago from my doctor's office and they gave me the wrong lens for the second time. i was planning a big trip to italy and needed them quickly. i had planned ahead with plenty of time, and called my doctor's office several times before i finally gave up and contacted your company. i received better attention via text message from your rep than i have ever received at my doctor's office. your rep saved my vacation! a million thank you's and i will never go anywhere to buy lenses again but with you.kim k, fairfax, vai just wanted to send a quick email to say that you have the best customer service! i just realized that four of the contacts in my shipment from july were damaged due to a small hole in each pack (manufacturer error). i called and spoke with a lady who had me taken care of in under five minutes! a new order of lenses are on their way - free of charge. i greatly appreciate the kind, fast and efficient customer service.christine l, indianapolis, ini wanted to say that i was having an awful day and tanner turned it into awesome. all i was calling for was to get some replacements. all day i've been dealing with personal matters - feeling rushed and disregarded and he was calm, patient and considerate. it was the first time i smiled all day! he completely changed my day!jamila s, bronx, nyoctober 2015last week i called in for the first time just to get info about your services. i didn’t realize that my ecp was in the process of closing down to retire, he has another office kind of far away from me but he’s closing. when i called first they were so nice and they told me how to send the rx over. i couldn’t get through over the phone, because they were closing. so i called back and brenda tried to get through to the ecp also. when we finally found out that all the files were moved to a different location, brenda had just continued to call to get ahold of that rx. well, the rx was finally faxed over and we’ve got it figured out. but in the meantime i have called all my family members about how wonderful your company is. if i had someone like brenda working with me i would just be thrilled! i truly just feel like i know her know and we are friends!donn s, kings mountain, nctonight, i experienced the perfect experience with a customer representative - so perfect, i had to write and share. annette jensen took my order to re-order contacts for my daughter maegan who waited until the last minute to let me know she is basically our of contacts and has a big weekend planned. ms. jensen was professional, courteous, compassionate and the entire experience was above my expectations. she was so personable yet professional. ms. jensen made my day!sincerely,a very satisfied customerhurelet r, birmingham, aljust wanted to say thank you for the great service!!! i didn't realize my prescription was out of date when i placed my order and a representative called me to tell me. she said to make the appointment and she would call me and follow up. i hadn't gotten in at the time she called back but i called right after my appointment. i got free overnight delivery and the representative even saved me more money than what i usually pay. so excited to get my contacts delivered so quickly and to save money!! thanks so much!!!jill r, troy, txjennifer was fantastic. i literally put her through the ringer! i own my own business, i watch every dime, and every time i threw something at her i expected a sigh or for her to give me attitude but she was up beat and just took it all in stride! at one point i got annoyed with myself but jennifer never did! super sweetheart she was a pleasure!!amanda m, el cajon, cai literally want to break out in tears for the phenomenal service melissa gave. she never let it seem like she was in a hurry, she waited for me to figure out insurance. best customer service i've ever had. took my breath away - this was a wow call for sure. i definitely need to tell you how amazing melissa was. she went beyond what she should've done, called my insurance, got me the best price. i'm taken away by the service. please let her know how much i appreciate her!brttan b, cedar hill, txat the end of august my daughter was getting her lenses and she had a problem and one of your reps was following up with me. when she followed up with me we were in the hospital with my daughter who had broken her jaw. a few weeks later i got a mug and a handwritten note just checking in on us and it really floored me. it came the day before my daughter's birthday and it was truly a "wow" moment. you've got a customer for life!alice m, huntington, nyi wanted to explain to you how wonderfully john handled a bad situation. he made me feel good about it instead of badly (which he could have done). i’m a single mom and it was a big purchase for me but my daughter said that she had already ran out. so john explained to me what he could do and he offered to follow up with me as well. he went through the account and matched what was sent. he at no time made me feel like my business wasn’t valued or that i was being inconvenient. he treated me like an honest person and he just handled things so well considering the amount of money and the time we spent. i just feel so valued and he made me feel just great! with three kids in contacts, you’ll be having a customer for life!!jennifer c, westfield, inmelissa re-contacted me after working with me previously. i love that she followed through. i hardly ever leave good comments for people because good customer service is so hard to find. she made an experience that could have gone sour really fast exceptional. you have an excellent agent. she made me feel like she really cared about me and the outcome of everything. so thank you!julee c, grand ledge, mii recently went on vacation and forgot my contacts. one of your service agents was extremely helpful in making sure that i could secure contacts during vacation. the entire team worked with a local retailer to make sure they had my prescription. in this case, 1-800 contacts did not make any sales. however, the experience made me a life long supporter of 1-800 contacts. i plan to continue using them in the future as a result of how effective the sales representatives are on the phone.brandon k, manhattan, ks1-800 contacts really has top notch, pleasant, helpful customer service reps. i used to oversee a call center and you guys are way better than mine. i don't know if you give your agents happy gas or what but you guys are just wonderful people. you can't make up a bubbly personality. corrine and cade were amazing.nancy f, washaw, ncseptember 2015i work for a property insurance company that would like to change its culture to be more customer-centric. i work on the team to advance that work. part of what we do when we advocate for customer focused work is to share personal stories about when we have been delighted with customer service from someplace that has made us loyal customer advocates. my story is always about 1-800 contacts - my peers laugh because they know you are always who i talk about and i think your service is the pinnacle of what a customer-centric business acts like. your service tonight and the processes you have in place to make doing business easy are a perfect example, yet again.stephani g, urbana, ili never take the time to write to a company about the customer service person i dealt with, but i wanted to make sure i singled out derek from chat. i was in a frazzled state with a 'contact emergency' when i initiated the chat and i had a customer service experience that almost never happens anymore. he just took care of it, very quickly, very helpfully, and was exceedingly friendly the entire time. just a great experience.eric b, brockton, mai spoke with jessica a couple of weeks ago. i had eye surgery a while back and jessica really helped me out. all the agents at your office are so nice and everything, but i came home the other night and i grabbed my mail and saw a little card. i opened up the card and it was a nice, sweet note from jessica. it was so uplifting and it really made my night and it helped me out so much.tanya m, sanford, flonce again, 1-800 contacts does an amazing job of working with customers. i ordered a crazy color lens (absolutely my fault!!) and again i spoke with a delightful, happy to help, cheerful, funny, personable rep who went out of his way to fix it. by far, the hardest-working-toward-customer service company around. thank you for making things easy, every call, every time, without fail. outstanding!cara c, irmo, scwhen i spoke with anakin a couple hours ago i was telling him how floored and wowed i am with everyone who answers. you guys do it right! everyone is on the same page, the service is excellent each time. anakin did exceptional in helping me and was so patient because my order took a while. he was so helpful, willing to look up all the pricing with me, and even called me back. i wanted to take the time to say thank you!robin s, west palm beach, fli just want to let you know that tiffany was wonderful! i love that she followed up like she said she would and continued to follow up with us. i’ve dealt/talked with many of your reps and i’ve never had a bad experience there at your company. she was just fantastic! she literally is going to check up on me, even on her day off. you don’t get a lot of customer reps who are as sincere and wonderful as she is. thanks again!randy w, miller place, nyi know so many people call and complain about the negative. it’s rarer to give out compliments. i really have to comment on kylie. i don’t know how long she’s been there or if she’s just always this cheerful. whatever it is, if any company had a million kylie’s they’d be a perfect company. there was a mishap with my contacts order, and kylie didn’t have to do what she did, but she got in touch with me based on my schedule today. she called me back when she said she would and followed through. it’s rare to get someone in customer service that just makes your day! she is just absolutely fantastic! she was the best customer service rep that i’ve ever had the pleasure to work with.chelsea b, cherry hill, nj read these too the soft contact lens prescription contact lens faq contact lens problems to watch out for ©2016 1-800 contactsarticles our story your stories contact lens faq press releasescontact lenses for beginners ask doctor clay lens finder sitemap shop contacts