来源URL: https://web.archive.org/web/20181229170707/https://www.1800contacts.com/privacy-policy
================================================================================

privacy policy | 1-800 contacts 30,000+ reviews pssst:our app’s even better. streamlined order process in-app vision exam expiring rx reminder reorder reminder get the appno thanks sign in 1-800 contacts privacy policy this privacy policy lets you know how we collect, use, share, and protect information about you when you interact with 1-800 contacts through our website, however accessed, (“website”) or mobile applications (“app”) (which we will refer to together as the “site”) to use or obtain any of our products or services (the “services”). where we post this privacy policy, we explain what information we collect through the site, how we use it, with whom we share it, and the choices you have to control, access, and update your information. if you have questions about anything in our privacy policy, please contact us at privacydepartment@1800contacts.com. as described above, this privacy policy also sets forth our privacy practices with respect to any apps made available to you by us or our affiliates. if a separate privacy policy applies to a specific app (“specific policy”), we will indicate that by posting that specific policy, rather than this privacy policy, with respect to that app, and such specific policy will apply and govern your use of that app. to the extent there is a conflict between the terms of this privacy policy and the specific policy, the terms of the specific policy shall apply to your use of that app. in some circumstances, our use of your information will be subject to the requirements of the health information portability and accountability act (commonly known as “hipaa”). for example, when you open an account and submit information regarding a prescription order, that information is subject to hipaa requirements. in those circumstances, our notice of privacy practices will also apply. for california consumers if you are a california consumer, please refer to 1-800 contacts privacy notice for california consumers. if you have questions about which policy applies to the information you have submitted, please do not hesitate to contact us. by using our services you agree to the privacy practices described in this privacy policy. if you do not agree with this privacy policy, please uninstall any apps from your device and stop using the services. by continuing to use the services, you accept this privacy policy. information we collect the information we collect from you varies, depending on the way you use our services. we collect information from or about you in the ways described below. information you provide to us when you use our site or services, we collect information that you choose to share with us. we collect several types of personal information from and about you when you use our site or services. this information may include: name address email address telephone number credit or debit card information contact or glasses prescription information, and photos thereof eye provider information insurance information social media log-in: if you use the option to log in with social media we will receive the information included in your public profile, such as your social media handle, you gender, age range, country, and language. employment application: we collect personal information such as your name, address, e-mail, and phone number when you apply for employment with us through the site. in addition, we may collect information relating to your education and employment history when you submit that information as part of an employment application. not all requested information is required, however, and we specifically indicate what information is required in order to submit your employment application. we also collect any information you choose to provide to us. geolocation an app may utilize location services on your mobile device to collect and use location data, including the real-time geographic location of your device. if you consent to the app’s utilization of location services, we may use gps, bluetooth, your device’s unique identifier, and/or your ip address, along with wi-fi and cell tower locations, and other technologies to determine your device’s geolocation. this location data is utilized to initiate notifications or deliver services requested by you. we will collect geolocation data only if you consent, and you can determine and choose whether the location services will be always running or only when the app is in use through your settings on your mobile device. you may choose to disable location services through our app, but if you do so, you will not receive any notifications or services that require a geolocation. most mobile devices provide users with the ability to disable location services. these controls are generally located in the device’s settings menu. you can also contact your mobile service carrier or your device manufacturer for more information on disabling location services. other information we collect when you use the services you do not need to create an account or provide personal information in order to browse or use our site or services. our site, however, collects certain information automatically about you and your use of our site and services that does not necessarily personally identify you, your interactions with us and information regarding the device you use to access our site and services (collectively “other information”). this information includes: device information, such as hardware setting, web browser type and language. ip address, mac address. identifiers associated with cookies or other technologies that may uniquely identify your device or browser (e.g. device advertising id) times you have accessed pages pages you have viewed searches you have conducted pages you visited before or after navigating to our website information we collect from third parties we may collect information about you from third parties including social media networks, advertising providers and analytics providers (see below) or publicly available sources. for example, we may receive information about you from a partner when we jointly offer services or from an advertiser about your experiences with them. we combine that with the information we collect through our services. how we use your information we use your information to provide, analyze, administer, enhance and personalize our site and the services we provide to you, including our marketing of our services to you. we also use your information to communicate with you and to operate our business. more specifically, we may use your information to: deliver our services to you, including providing access to our site’s online features, such as eye exams and prescription verification, completing and processing your online purchases or engaging in other transactions with us communicate with you about the services, including to respond to your customer service requests or respond to any other inquiry or correspondence you send to us interact with you when you engage us on our live chat feature; present you with marketing relating to our services, including promotions, coupons and other discount offers, and more relevant display advertisements provide you updates, reminders, or other informational or educational content enable you to participate in a contest, sweepstake, promotion, or survey enable you to participate in our loyalty/rewards program enable you to participate in blogs and post testimonials. if you provide a testimonial, you name will be publicly posted along with the testimonial. please remember that blogs and testimonials are located in the public areas of our site. do not share content that you would not want others to read, save, or share consider you for employment analyze and improve the site and services: including developing and improving products and services, ,monitoring and analyzing trends and usage; prevent, detect, investigate, or remediate security or other legal concerns, including fraud to protect the rights, property, or safety of us our users, or any other person or the copyright-protected content of the services comply with applicable laws, regulations, or industry requirements, or respond to subpoenas or government requests fulfill any other purpose for which your provide it or consent how we share your information we may share information collected about you in the following situations: with service providers, sellers, and partners: we share information about you with service providers to perform functions and process your data and to help provide our services including hosting and storage providers, payment processors etc. with third parties for legal or security reasons: we may share information about you if we reasonably believe that disclosing the information is needed to: comply with any valid legal process, governmental request, or applicable law, rule, or regulation. investigate, remedy, or enforce potential violations of our terms of use of privacy policy protect the rights, property, and safety of us, our users, or others. detect and resolve any fraud or security concerns. with third parties as part of an acquisition or liquidation: we are involved in a merger, asset sale, financing, corporate divestiture, reorganization, or acquisition of all or some portion of our business to another company or if we undergo liquidation or bankruptcy proceedings, we may share your information in connection with such transaction or proceeding before and or after the transaction closes or the proceedings are completed. we may disclose or share your personal information in connection with an employment application to verify the information you provide with your consent. we may share information in other ways if you give us consent or direct us to do so. we do not share personal information with third parties for their marketing purposes. aggregated de-identified information we may also share with third parties—such as advertisers—aggregated, or de-identified information and we do not limit our third-party providers from using, selling, licensing, distributing, or disclosing de-identified data. how we use cookies and other tracking technologies we and our research, technology, and marketing partners, affiliates, analytics, or service providers use cookies and other technologies, such as web beacons, web storage, and unique advertising identifiers, to collect information about your activity, browser, and device. cookies are small amounts of data which are sent to your browser from a website’s computers and stored on your computer or device. remembering your preferences and allowing you to enter your user name less frequently; uniquely identify each user session when you access the services; compile aggregated statistics to analyze how the services are used; present you and communicate to you information that is targeted to your interests, including our content presented on another website and across devices; measure the effectiveness of our sites, services, content, communications and advertising, including by placing web beacons (sometimes called single-pixel gifs) which emails and links have been opened by recipients most web browsers are set to accept cookies by default. if you prefer, you can usually choose to disable cookies on your browser (see below) but doing so may prevent you from using the full features of the services. for information about your choices regarding these technologies please see “your access and choices regarding your personal information” below. we may let third parties use cookies, web beacons, and similar tracking technologies on our services. they may collect information about how you use our services and other websites and online services over time and across different services. this information may be used to, among other things, analyze and track data, determine the popularity of certain content, and better understand your online activity. interest-based advertising some companies may use information collected on our site to deliver advertisements on behalf of us or other companies, targeted to your interests and preferences, on our site or on other websites or applications you may visit, on your various devices, or on your social media feed and to gauge their effectiveness. to learn about your choices regarding this sharing of your information please see “your access and choices regarding your personal information” section below. you can understand which third parties have currently enabled cookies for your browser or mobile device and how to opt-out of some of those cookies by accessing the network advertising initiative’s website at http://optout.networkadvertising.org/#!/ or the digital advertising alliance’s website at http://optout.aboutads.info/#!/ or, if you’re located in the european union (“eu”), at http://www.youronlinechoices.eu from your browser. for more information on mobile specific opt-out choices, please visit http://www.networkadvertising.org/mobile-choices and from your mobile device. on your mobile device you may have features that allow you to opt out of some targeted advertising (“limit ad tracking” (on ios devices) or “opt out of interest-based ads” (on android). to learn more about how these opt-out features work, please review your device settings. even if you disable the tracking, keep in mind that you may still receive interest-based advertising, including from third parties with whom your information had been previously disclosed and that you may still receive advertising from third parties, though such advertising may not be based on your interests and preferences. how we use google analytics for analytics, we use google analytics, a web analytics service provided by google, inc. (“google”). google analytics may set cookies on your browser or mobile device or read cookies that are already there to collect information. google analytics may also receive information about you from apps you have downloaded that partner with google. google analytics collects information such as how often you use our mobile application and how you use our app. we use the information provided by google analytics to improve our mobile application and the services. we do not combine the information collected through the use of google analytics with personally identifiable information. for more information regarding how google collects, uses, and shares your information please visit http://www.google.com/policies/privacy/partners/. by using our app, you consent to the processing of data about you by google as described here and in google’s privacy policy. you can control the information provided to google and opt out of certain ads provided by google by using of the of the methods set forth in http://www.google.com/policies/privacy/partners/ or use the google analytics opt out browser add-on at http://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout?hl=en how we protect your information we take reasonable precautions to protect your information. please keep in mind that the internet is not a 100% secure medium for communication, and we cannot guarantee that the information collected about you will always remain private when using our services. as a result, while we strive to protect your personal information, we cannot guarantee the security of any information you transmit to us, and you do so at your own risk. your access and choices about your information access and updates to your information. you can access and update most of your account information on our site by clicking on “my account”. if you need to access, update, or delete other personal information that we may have, you can request it by changing it on “my account”, sending a request to info@1800contacts.com or calling us at 1-800 contacts (1-800-266-8228) to speak with a customer service representative. to protect your privacy, before we give you access or let you update your information, we may we may ask you to verify your identity or provide additional information. we will try to update and allow you to access your information for free, but if it would require a disproportionate effort on our part, we may charge a fee. we will disclose the fee before we comply with your request. we may reject a request for a number of reasons, including, for example, that the request risks the privacy of other users, requires technical efforts that are disproportionate to the request, is repetitive, or is unlawful. emails, postal mail: you can stop receiving post or email communications – such as our newsletter – from us by clicking on the “unsubscribe link” provided in the email communications. in addition, can do this by accessing “my account”, sending a request to info@1800contacts.com or calling us at 1-800 contacts (1-800-266-8228) to speak with a customer service representative. we will retain your email address in order to be able to abide by your opt out choice. we make efforts to promptly process all unsubscribe requests. you may not opt out of service-related communications (e.g. purchase and billing confirmations and reminders (for example: notifications that your prescription has expired or that you may need to order new contacts), changes/updates to features of the services, and technical and security notices). children’s privacy this site is not directed at or intended for use by children under 13 years old. we do not knowingly collect or solicit any information from anyone under the age of 13. if we are made aware of such a situation, we will delete such information. links to other web sites and services we are not responsible for the practices employed by websites or services linked to or from the app, including the information or content contained in such websites or services, and this policy does not apply to them. your browsing and interaction on any third-party website or service, including those that have a link on our site, are subject to that third party’s own rules and privacy policies. please read the terms of such websites carefully and exercise care when providing your personally identifiable information. social media features: our services include links to social media features, such as links to our facebook page. these features may collect your ip address, which page you are visiting while using our services, and any facebook cookies on your device (including your facebook id). these services may set cookies to enable the feature to function properly. please note that the social media services may collect this information even if you are not logged in to the relevant social media account when you are using the services. your interactions with these features are governed by the privacy policy of the company providing it. browser do not track our site does not support do not track (dnt) at this time. dnt is a privacy preference you can set in your web browser to indicate that you do not want certain information about your web page visits tracked and collected across websites. for more details, including how to turn on do not track, visit www.donottrack.us. for users in the european economic area and switzerland we do not offer our goods and services in or to individuals in the european economic area (“eea”) or switzerland. international transfer of information collected to the extent you purchase our goods and services while you are located outside of the united states, be advised that any information 1-800 contacts collects from you will be stored and processed in the united states. if you provide us information, it will be transferred to, processed, and accessed in the united states. this privacy policy shall apply even if we transfer personal information from non-united states countries to other countries. accordingly, you consent to any and all information you provide and submit via the site being sent to the united states of america. the united states has not sought nor received a finding of “adequacy” from the european union or any other foreign data protection authority. you agree to the transfer of your data and personal information to the united states, however, to be used in accordance with this privacy policy. contact us if you have any questions about this policy or the services, please contact us at: email: privacydepartment@1800contacts.com phone: 801-316-5508 261 data dr. draper, ut 84020 changes to our privacy policy we may make changes to this policy from time to time, in our sole discretion. we will provide you notice of material changes by indicating that the privacy policy has been updated on our homepage and will indicate the date we made the updated below. your continued use of any of the services after the changes have been made will constitute your acceptance of the changes. please therefore make sure you read any such notice carefully. if you do not wish to continue using the services under the new version of the policy, please uninstall the mobile application and cease using the services. this privacy policy was last modified on december 20, 2019. your happiness, backed by our gajillion percent promise. learn morewe’re here to help. real people with real answers in real time, 24/7.1-800-266-8228chat with usabout us about us our storycommunitycareershelp help how to orderhow to read your prescriptionreturns & exchangessubscription infogajillion percent promisefaqscontact usmy account my account order statusreorderupload prescriptionmy prescriptionsmy subscriptionsresources resources eye society bloginsurancefsa / hsaoffers & couponsprivacy policyterms of saleaccessibilityterms and conditionssms terms and conditionscopyright © 1-800 contacts. all rights reserved.