来源URL: https://web.archive.org/web/20091228182805/http://www.airgundepot.com:80/terms.html
================================================================================

airgun depot policies and terms customer login | dealer login home my account faqs contact us blog bargain bunker wishlist order status view cart airgun videosbargain bunkernew airgun products!air riflesair rifles by brand.22 cal air riflesvarmint huntingsmall pest controlbreak barrel air riflesco2 air riflesfixed barrel air riflesmulti pump air riflespre-charged pneumatic air riflessingle pump air riflesair pistolsair pistols by brandco2 air pistolscompetition air pistolsmulti pump air pistolssingle pump air pistolsairguns by typenew airgun products!remanufactured airgunsvarmint hunting.22 cal air riflessmall pest controlrealistic blowback airgunscompetition target shootingbest selling co2 bb gunsairguns now in pinkairguns by brandairforce air riflesavanti airgunsanics airgunsbaikal airgunsbeeman airguns benjamin & sheridan airgunsberetta airgunsbrowning airgunscolt air pistolscrosman airgunsdaisy airgunsdesert eaglegamo airgunsevanix air riflesfx airguns hammerli air riflesruger airgunsrws airgunssamyang big bore airgunsshinsung air riflessmith & wesson air pistolssumatra air riflestech force pellet gunswalther airgunswinchester air riflesxisico importsammo- pellets & bbsscopes, optics, mountsairgun scopesbinocularsflashlights, lasers, and bore sightersreflex, dot and aim point sightsscope mountsairgun accessoriessafety glasses & gogglesairgun tactical kitsaperature and iron sightsbi-pods and vertical fore gripscompensators & gripsco2 cartridgescleaning & maintenancechronographsclips, mags & loadersgun casessafety & misctargets & trapstactical gearairsoft holiday specials!choose your missionclose quarters battle assaultsupportmarksmannew airsoft products!airsoft by brandaftermath armory usacaspian armsclassic armycrosman airsoftcybergun dpms panther arms echo 1 usa game face by classic armygsgheckler and kochisrael military industrieskalashnikovmas foreign legionmauserolympic arms, special weapons and icssocom gearswiss arms and sig sauertactical force tsd sportstsd tactical thompsonuhc airsoft gunsutg (under the gun)walther "high end"walther "special operations"aeg airsoft gunsfeatured aeg airsoft gunsak 47 & 74 style airsoft gunsscar style airsoft gunsg3 style airsoft gunsg36 style airsoft guns416 style airsoft gunsl85 style airsoft gunsm1-a1 thompson style airsoft gunsm4 style airsoft gunsm14 style airsoft gunsm16 style airsoft gunsm249 style airsoft gunsmp5 style airsoft gunsmp7 style airsoft gunsmp40 style airsoft gunsp90 style airsoft gunsrpk style airsoft gunsscorpion styles airsoft gunssr 25 style airsoft gunssteyr aug style airsoft gunsump 45 style airsoft gunsxr8/xm8 style airsoft gunsairsoft sniper riflesaeg sniper riflesbolt action sniper riflesairsoft shotgunsairsoft pistols gas airsoft pistolsautomatic electric airsoft pistolsspring powered airsoft pistolsairsoft launchersstarter airsoftfull-size spring airsoft gunsstarter airsoft shotgunsmini electric air soft gunsspring powered airsoft pistolsautomatic electric starter airsoft gunsairsoft accessoriessafety glasses & gogglesairsoft batteries and chargersairsoft gasairsoft magazinesairsoft optics & lasersairsoft targetsbi-pods and vertical fore gripsgun casesris and rasspeed loaderstactical gearairsoft ammunition.12 gram airsoft bbs.20 gram airsoft bbs.23 gram airsoft bbs.25 gram airsoft bbs.28 gram airsoft bbs.30 gram and higher airsoft bbs.20 gram biodigradeable airsoft bbs.25 & .26 gram biodegradeable airsoft bbs.20 gram marker airsoft bbs.25 gram marker airsoft bbsnew paintball products!kingman trainingram paintball markersreal action rifle markersreal action shotgun markersreal action smg markersreal action pistol markersram magazinesram c02 adaptersspyder paintball markersmechanical spyder markerselectronic markerselectra markersmr series markerspilot markerssonix markersvictor markersxtra markersspyder accessories & tanksspyder apparel tippmann paintball markerspaintball ammo.43 caliber (11mm) paintball ammunition.68 caliber paintball ammunitionpaintball accessorieskingman training magazinesram magazinesram c02 adaptersspyder accessories & tanksspyder apparel blank guns - homeblank guns - hometrademarked blank gunsblank guns by styleblank guns by caliberblank guns accessoriestrademarked blank gunscolt licensed blank firing pistolruger licensed blank gunss&w licensed blank gunswalther licensed blank gunsblank guns by stylereplica beretta m92 blank gunsreplica blue style blank gunsreplica colt 45 blank gunsreplica cz75 blank firing gunsreplica derringer syle blank gunsreplica model 85 blank gunsppk replica blank gunsreplica revolver style blank guns walther p22s blank replica gunswalther p99s blank replica gunsblank guns by caliberblank firing replica guns- 8mmblank firing replica guns- .22 caliberblank firing replica guns- .32 caliberblank guns accessoriesblank firing ammunitionextra magazines for blank firing replica gunscrossbowsbowsarrows and boltsaccessories and partsairgun resourcesbrowse current airgun articlesair rifles- an overviewwhy choose bb guns?why choose pellet guns?ammo comparison- pellets vs. bbspest control with spring piston air rifleswhat caliber should i choose?choosing an airgun scopeair rifle scope mountingairgun powerplantssmall game hunting with airgunsbig bore airgunswhat pellets should i use for my air guns?airgun reviewsairgun reviewsrws 850 / hammerli 850 reviewgamo viper express reviewdrozd bb gun - video review - see it in action!hammerli storm reviewhammerli razor air rifle reviewtech force 99 line of high quality pellet riflesgamo airguns reviewsumatra 2500 air rifle reviewtech force contender 89 air rifle reviewxisico bam xs-b3 review (ak-47)xisico bam air rifles- reviewedairsoft resourcesa beginners guide to airsoft gunsairsoft battery faqairgun videosblogsafety tipsairgun safetysafety glasses & gogglesblank guns- restrictions and safety informationjoin our mailing list to receive $5 off your first order of $75 or more!view privacy policy home > airgun depot policies and termsairgun depot policies and terms important! please read! shipping info backorder policy return/exchange policy privacy policy state statutes and/or local ordinances prohibit the sale and possession of air guns, co2 guns and slingshots in some areas. we are unable to ship airguns (bb guns or pellet guns) into san francisco ca, chicago il, morton grove il, buffalo ny, philadelphia pa, new jersey, washington dc, bronx ny, brooklyn ny, manhattan ny, queens ny, new york city ny, and staten island ny. persons in new jersey need a permit for any air gun, and we can only ship to a willing ffl gun dealer for pickup. michigan residents- .177 cal air rifles and smooth bore (bb only) air pistols are allowed. all other airguns are restricted and we cannot ship them to your area. air soft guns are restricted in san francisco ca, chicago il, morton grove il, buffalo ny, philadelphia pa, bronx ny, brooklyn ny, long island city ny, manhattan ny, queens ny, new york city ny. other areas may have restrictions, so we encourage you to contact your local law enforcement authorities before ordering air rifles, air pistols, airsoft guns, paintball markers, or blank firing guns from airgun depot. we cannot ship blank ammunition or co2 beacuse of departement of transportation guidelines to puerto rico, alaska or hawaii. accessories are ok to ship anywhere in the us. we have no control over the laws in your state or city, and we reserve the right to refuse your order. if you place an order from any of these areas, we will have to cancel your order. your credit card will not be billed, and you will not receive the product(s). we will inform you via email of the cancellation. it is the responsibility of you the buyer, not airgun depot, to understand your local, state, and federal laws before placing an order. if you are unsure of your state's laws pertaining to any products you want to order, you should consult local, state, and/or federal authorities to be certain you are not breaking any laws. all airgun orders will arrive adult signature required. we will not ship airguns to persons under the age of 18, no exceptions! remember: safety first. eye protection and safe handling should always be enforced. thank you for your interest in our products at airgun depot. we will do our best to process your order in a timely and efficient manner. we work diligently to provide you with prompt order information. due to the fact that we use outside shipping companies, we cannot be fully responsible for shipping delays once the product has left our care. however, we will do our best to make you, the customer, pleased with your experience with us. if you receive your product in a damaged condition, contact us immediately. we will do our best to replace the item and expedite processing and shipping of the replacement item so that you are satisfied with your purchase. we reserve the right to refuse service to any person, company, agency, or organization at any time, for any reason whatsoever. we will not ship to any person under 18 years of age. all items will be shipped "adult signature required." price and availability are subject to change without notice. however we do our best to provide our customers with up-to-date product information. for safety tips, please review our safety page shipping info backorder policy exchange/refund policy thank you for your interest in our products at airgun depot. we will do our best to process your order in a timely and efficient manner. we work diligently to provide you with prompt order information. due to the fact that we use outside shipping companies, we cannot be fully responsible for shipping delays once the product has left our care. however, we will do our best to make you, the customer, pleased with your experience with us. if you receive your product in a damaged condition, contact us immediately. we will do our best to replace the item and expedite processing and shipping of the replacement item so that you are satisfied with your purchase. we reserve the right to refuse service to any person, company, agency, or organization at any time, for any reason whatsoever. we will not ship to any person under 18 years of age. all items will be shipped "adult signature required." price and availability are subject to change without notice. however we do our best to provide our customers with up-to-date product information. for safety tips, please review our safety page shipping information order processing and shipping time begins after order verification process has been completed. all shipping is done via ups or fedex to the lower 48 states. under certain circumstances, we may ship via usps to ak, hi, pr, and gu adult signature required. under normal circumstances, we will not ship to po boxes unless the customer has made a special request for us to do so. we will also ship order usps to military addresses. if you refuse shipment, we will issue a credit for the product minus our shipping costs on receipt of the refused products at ai rgundepot.com. a fifteen percent (15%) restocking fee may be charged. we do not ship co2 or blanks to puerto rico, hawaii, alaska or any other address that requires usps shipping. co2 and blanks must be shipped ground. other products ordered from these areas may be delayed or refused, and we are not responsible for the delivery of orders to these areas once they are in the hands of the courier. orders shipping to the following areas will be refused due to the laws, restrictions and conditions of sale in your state or city: new york city ny, its boroughs, and long island ny (zip codes 100xx-104xx and 110xx-119xx), new jersey, michigan, chicago il, and morton's grove il, san francisco ca, washington dc, or philadelphia pa. delivery time if you selected standard shipping, after your order is processed (usually 1 to 2 days) your shipping time will be 5 to 7 business days, depending on where you live. all orders containing co² must be shipped via standard ground shipping since co² cannot be shipped by air. if you selected 3 day select, 2nd day air, or next day air, after your order is processed (usually 1 day) your order will be shipped via the selected method. we give all expedited orders priority shipment and get them out the next business day after the order is placed, but cannot guarantee orders will ship out that quickly. if you elect to pay by check or usps money order, the order will not be shipped until the check has cleared, usually 7 business days. money orders or cashier's check will be treated the same as cash and will not cause additional delay. airgundepot.com does not guarantee any shipping time or date. we use third party carriers (usually ups or fedex) to ship our product and therefore, once an order is processed and a product has left our care, we have no control over delivery. however we will work with you to get any delivery problems resolved to the best of our ability. if you have a time based shipping need, you must call and speak to us in advance. airgundepot.com will issue you a confirmation number and we will do our best to expedite your order. calculating cost your shipping cost depends upon the option you choose and the delivery location. please also note that the shipping rates for many items we sell are weight-based. the weight of any such item and its shipping cost will be calculated during the checkout process before you complete your order. we have a handy shipping calculator that is built in to the shopping cart. simply add the items you wish to purchase to the shopping cart and below the cart is the shipping calculator just enter in your zip code and state and select the shipping method you wish to use and the calculator will do the rest. to reflect the policies of the shipping companies we use, all weights will be rounded up to the next full pound. some items are oversize and may have an additional shipping surcharge. backorder policy your order will be processed and shipped minus any back orders. if we are temporarily out of stock on items you ordered, we will contact you. we will give you the option of canceling, exchanging to a similar product, or wait and we will ship it as soon as we receive it. in most cases you will not be charged for those items we have not shipped. any exceptions to this policy will be discussed with you via email or telephone. due to fluctuations in availability, we reserve the right to substitute items ordered with similar products of equal or greater value, at customer’s approval. if you have received a partial shipment and do not want the backordered item(s) please email us immediately. we will cancel any backorders that have not shipped in the interim. order verification because of the nature of the products that airgundepot.com supplies, we must perform an extensive validation of orders, this may include verification of shipping and billing information, phone calls to customers, verification of valid e-mail, and cardholder information and cardholder authorization. please be patient during the order validation process. any mistakes in the information your have supplied to us may result in significant delays. providing accurate information during the order process will greatly reduce the chance of your order being delayed. processing of an order will take between 24 and 48 hours during regular business days, 9 am to 5pm monday through friday, mountain standard time. shipping time is calculated after order processing and verification is complete. delays or cancellation of orders may be the result of the following: payment by check or postal money order. your order will not be shipped until the check has cleared, usually 7 business days. ship to and bill to addresses do not match. cardholder name and ship to name do not match. no response to our verification e-mail or telephone call in a reasonable time frame. declined or rejected credit card due to failed address and billing phone number verification. declined or rejected credit card due to non sufficient funds or exceeding the credit limit. items used for law enforcement are billed immediately. however, they are only shipped after a thorough validation. this is a verification of the legitimacy of an order for restricted items. keep in mind that all the steps we take for order verification are as much for your protection as for ours. thank you for your patience. returns exchange/ return policy- please take note of the following: please understand that we reserve the right to refuse any return and to require that certain items be returned directly to the manufacturer for service. there are no returns on echo 1 usa, caspian arms we, ics, olympic arms, special weapons and tsd tactical airsoft products and all warranty issues are handled directly by their respective distributors. click here for the complete policy. we have a separate return policy for all eaa (european american armory) items. please read the policy here.airgundepot is not responsible for batteries that have been damaged as a result of improper operation, storage, misuse or abuse, accident or neglect, such as physical damage resulting from misuse; contact with liquid, water, rain, extreme humidity or heavy perspiration, sand, dirt or the like, extreme heat, or food; use of the battery for commercial purposes or subjecting the battery to abnormal usage conditions, or other acts which are not the fault of airgundepot. any tactical gear, goggles, gloves, helmets or safety glasses can not be returned if they have been used beyond a trying on period. the trying on period is considered 7 business days and all tags must still be attached to said garment. if an item has been deemed a misuse it is up to the customer to pay for the shipping to get the item back and must contact the respective manufacturer for warranty purposes. please also note that most safety gear will break when taking impacts and ricochets because they are designed to, this is not covered under warranty. if you need to return an item, please email us immediately to request return authorization. please explain the reason for you return, and we will contact you to inform you with how to proceed. for a prompt exchange or refund, hang on to a copy of your invoice. our return policy is simple. within 30 days of receipt of your order, you may return any merchandise item in new condition, with its original packaging and any accessories in tact, for a refund, excluding shipping & handling charges (we do not refund any shipping charges). items are also subject to a restocking fee of up to 15%. items that are opened, used, not in original packaging or otherwise not in new, saleable condition cannot be returned. if you find, within 30 days of delivery, that product(s) are defective or damaged, you may request a return merchandise authorization number from airgun depot via our rma form. upon the return of the merchandise or guaranteed return (i.e. return shipper's tracking number), we will do all we can to replace, repair, or substitute products to your satisfaction. please note all returned items are inspected. if the products are found to be not defective they will be returned to the customer at their expense. for product replacement or exchange requests, we will cover shipping costs for returning the defective item and send the replacement item at no additional cost (ground shipping only). any requests for an upgrade in shipping time on replacement items will be charged to the customer. if you wish to receive a refund instead of an exchange, shipping charges will not be refunded and the customer is responsible for the return shipping fees. after 30 days from delivery date, please contact the manufacturer for repair or replacement under their product warranty. airgun depot must authorize all merchandise returns. no unauthorized returns will be accepted. customers will be held liable and no refund will be issued for any merchandise that is returned without a rma number. in order to exchange a product or receive a full refund, items must be returned in original packaging, unused, and in new and saleable condition. the customer is responsible for all shipping costs. we have a separate return policy for all eaa (european american armory) items. please read the policy here. refunds you can expect a refund in the same form of payment originally used for purchase within 10 business days of our receiving your return. if your return is not due to our error, we will deduct the shipping costs from your refund. for refunds on defective or damaged merchandise, if you wish to receive a refund instead of an exchange shipping charges will not be refunded. you are responsible for all shipping costs should you return non-defective merchandise. if you placed your order within the last 2-3 business days, please do not request tracking or order status information at this time. due to the nature of the products we sell, even orders shipping via "next day air" may take up to 2 business days to verify and process. if you request a tracking number for your package, we will supply it as soon as we receive it from the mail courier.privacycollection of email addresses: we value your privacy. we will not sell your email address to any third party companies. tactical air and airgun depot will use your email address to contact you about your order, update status, and to send you product promotions and newsletters only. after completion of your order if you do not wish to be contacted again then please click the opt out link of an email that we have sent you. third-party web beacons: we use third-party web beacons from yahoo! to help analyze where visitors go and what they do while visiting our web site. yahoo! may also use anonymous information about your visits to this and other web sites in order to improve its products and services and provide advertisements about goods and services of interest to you. if you would like more information about this practice and to know your choices about not having this information used by yahoo! click here . want to make sure you get it before christmas? click here for shipping timetables. mailing address: echo commerce llc 12453 s 265 w ste f draper, ut 84020 customer service safety policies/terms disclaimer about us contact us bargains & deals! links site map view cart best selling air gunsair riflesbest selling air pistolspellet guns- an overview plus our best sellerspellet gunscrosman air guns- an overview & recommendationscrosman air riflescrosman airguns- air rifles and air pistols (usa)daisy airguns - air rifles and air pistolsdaisy air riflesgamo airguns - gamo air rifles & gamo air pistols (spain)all gamo air riflessheridan & benjamin airguns- air rifles and air pistols (usa)all rws air riflesprecision beeman airguns (usa)small pest control hunting air rifles- our top picksbest selling co2 bb gunsairguns are designed for use by experienced shooters. misuse or careless use may result in serious injury or death. may be dangerous up to 300 yards.for ages 18 years or olderour high-powered airguns are recommended for use by those 18 years of age or older. read all instructions before using. the purchaser and user should conform to all laws governing the use and ownership of airguns in their local area.we cannot and will not sell to minors.all airsoft guns must be shipped with a 1/4" blazing orange tip, no exceptions.all packages containing airguns will ship adult signature required (packages containing airguns and airsoft guns must be received by persons 21 years or older).it's up to you to know the laws in your state, county and city and to fully comply with them. the following are examples of some state and local restrictions governing airguns and airsoft guns: airguns are restricted in: new york city, ny, its boroughs (zip codes 100xx-104xx and 111-114xx, 116xx), new jersey, michigan (certain products restricted but not all), chicago il and washington dc. we cannot ship co2 or blank ammo to puerto rico, guam, alaska, hawaii, overseas, or anywhere requiring air shipment.see our safety, disclaimer, and policies pages for more information.©copyright 2002-2009 echo commerce llc. all rights reserved