来源URL: https://web.archive.org/web/20101230221933/http://www.airgundepot.com:80/privacypolicy.html
================================================================================

view privacy policy home about us contact us check order status returns blog & news view carthot dealsnew airgun productsairgun videosbargain bunkereducationdealer sign in this site is hosted by yahoo! store. yahoo! hosts the store pages, ordering system, and order data. yahoo! automatically collects order information but may only use this information in the aggregate. if you accessed this store through yahoo! shopping, yahoo! also automatically collects information about your shopping experience. please see the yahoo! privacy policy for more information about how yahoo! uses this information.airgun depot privacy statementthis privacy statement discloses the privacy practices for http://www.airgundepot.comif you feel that this company is not abiding by its posted privacy policy, you should first contact security administrator by e-mail: inquiries@airgundepot.com.information collection and use-- airgun depot is the sole owner of the information collected on this site. we will not sell, share, or rent this information to others in ways different from what is disclosed in this statement. airgun depot collects information from our users at several different points on our website. email-- when you submit your email to us by placing an order, we store the information to send you order information, updates, verification requests, and other business related email. you may also receive our newsletter, which is sent out only occasionally containing airgun information, tips, specials, and announcements. if you do not want to subscribe to the newsletter, you may unsubscribe at any time by using the link provided on the bottom of each email. we have a strict no spamming policy, and we do not sell, share, or rent your email address with any third party or vendor. you do not have to place an order to subcribe to our email newsletter, simply click 'sign up' on our left navigation and provide the necessary information.order-- we request information from the user on our order form. here a user must provide contact information (like name and shipping address) and financial information (like credit card number, expiration date). this information is used for billing purposes and to fill customer’s orders. if we have trouble processing an order, this contact information is used to get in touch with the user. cookies-- a cookie is a piece of data stored on the user’s hard drive containing information about the user. usage of a cookie is in no way linked to any personally identifiable information while on our site. once the user closes their browser, the cookie simply terminates. for instance, by setting a cookie on our site, the user would not have to log in a password more than once, thereby saving time while on our site. log files-- we use ip addresses to analyze trends, administer the site, track user’s movement, and gather broad demographic information for aggregate use. ip addresses are not linked to personally identifiable information. sharing-- we do not share any of our customer information with any 3rd parties. links-- this web site contains links to other sites. please be aware that airgun depot is not responsible for the privacy practices of such other sites. we encourage our users to be aware when they leave our site and to read the privacy statements of each and every web site that collects personally identifiable information. this privacy statement applies solely to information collected by this web site. tell-a-friend-- if a user elects to use our referral service for informing a friend about our site, we ask them for the friend’s name and email address. airgun depot will automatically send the friend a one-time email inviting them to visit the site. airgun depot stores this information for the sole purpose of sending this one-time email. the friend will contact airgun depot at the url shown in the e-mail to request the removal of this information from their database. security-- this website takes every precaution to protect our users’ information. when users submit sensitive information via the website, your information is protected both online and off-line.when our registration/order form asks users to enter sensitive information (such as credit card number and/or social security number), that information is encrypted and is protected with the best encryption software in the industry - ssl. while on a secure page, such as our order form, the lock icon on the bottom of web browsers such as netscape navigator and microsoft internet explorer becomes locked, as opposed to unlocked, or open, when you are just ‘surfing’.while we use ssl encryption to protect sensitive information online, we also do everything in our power to protect user-information off-line. all of our users’ information, not just the sensitive information mentioned above, is restricted in our offices. only employees who need the information to perform a specific job (for example, our billing clerk or a customer service representative) are granted access to personally identifiable information. every quarter, as well as any time new policies are added, our employees are notified and/or reminded about the importance we place on privacy, and what they can do to ensure our customers’ information is protected. finally, the servers that we store personally identifiable information on are kept in a secure environment, behind a locked cage.if you have any questions about the security at our website, you can send an email to inquiries@airgundepot.com. notification of changes-- if we decide to change our privacy policy, we will post those changes on our homepage so our users are always aware of what information we collect, how we use it, and under circumstances, if any, we disclose it. if at any point we decide to use personally identifiable information in a manner different from that stated at the time it was collected, we will notify users by way of an email. users will have a choice as to whether or not we use their information in this different manner. we will use information in accordance with the privacy policy under which the information was collected.bb & pellet gunsairgun videosnew airgun productsnew air rifles recently addednew air pistolsnew airgun accessoriesnew airgun ammunitionnew airsoft riflesnew airsoft pistolsrefurbished airgunsair riflesremington nitro piston air rifle air rifles by brand.22 cal air riflesvarmint huntingsmall pest controlbreak barrel air riflesco2 air riflesfixed barrel air riflesmulti pump air riflespre-charged pneumatic air riflessingle pump air riflesair pistolsair pistols by brandco2 air pistolscompetition air pistolsmulti pump air pistolssingle pump air pistolsairguns by typenew airgun products!refurbished airgunsvarmint huntingnitro piston air rifles.22 cal air riflessmall pest controlrealistic blowback airgunscompetition target shootingbest selling co2 bb gunsairguns now in pinkcustomer favoritesairguns by brandairforce air riflesavanti airgunsanics airgunsbaikal airgunsbeeman airguns benjamin & sheridan airgunsberetta airgunsbrowning airgunscolt air pistolscrosman airgunsdaisy airgunsdesert eaglegamo airgunsevanix air riflesfx airguns hammerli air riflesruger airgunsrws airgunssamyang big bore airgunsshinsung air riflessig sauer air pistolssmith & wesson air pistolsstoeger air riflessumatra air riflestech force pellet gunswalther airgunswinchester air riflesxisico importsammo- pellets & bbsscopes, optics, mountsairgun scopesbinocularsflashlights, lasers, and bore sightersreflex, dot and aim point sightsscope mountsairgun accessoriessafety glasses & gogglesairgun tactical kitsaperature and iron sightsbi-pods and vertical fore gripscompensators & gripsco2 cartridgescleaning & maintenancechronographspcp accessoriesclips, mags & loadersgun casessafety & miscslingshotstargets & trapstactical geargift certificatesairsoft gunschoose your missionclose quarters battle assaultsupportmarksmannew airsoft products!new airsoft riflesnew airsoft pistolsairsoft by brandaftermath armory usacaspian armsclassic armycrosman airsoftcybergun dpms panther arms echo 1 usa game face by classic armygsgheckler and kochisrael military industrieskalashnikovmas foreign legionmauserolympic arms, special weapons and icssocom gearswiss arms and sig sauertsd sportstsd tactical thompson airsoft machine gunsuhc airsoft gunsutg (under the gun)walther "high end"walther "special operations"airsoft guns by typeaeg airsoft gunsairsoft sniper riflesairsoft shotgunsairsoft pistols starter airsoftfull-size spring airsoft gunsstarter airsoft shotgunsmini electric air soft gunsspring powered airsoft pistolsautomatic electric starter airsoft gunsairsoft accessoriessafety glasses & gogglesairsoft batteries and chargersairsoft gasairsoft magazinesairsoft optics & lasersairsoft targetsbi-pods and vertical fore gripsgun casesris and rasspeed loaderstactical gearairsoft ammunition.12 gram airsoft bbs.20 gram airsoft bbs.23 gram airsoft bbs.25 gram airsoft bbs.28 gram airsoft bbs.30 gram and higher airsoft bbs.20 gram biodigradeable airsoft bbs.25 & .26 gram biodegradeable airsoft bbs.20 gram marker airsoft bbs.25 gram marker airsoft bbspaintballnew paintball products!kingman trainingpaintball markersram paintball markersspyder paintball markerstippmann paintball markerspaintball ammo.43 caliber (11mm) paintball ammunition.68 caliber paintball ammunitionpaintball accessorieskingman training magazinesram magazinesram c02 adaptersspyder accessories & tanksspyder apparel blank gunsblank gunsblank gunstrademarked blank gunsblank guns by styleblank guns by caliberblank guns accessoriestrademarked blank gunscolt licensed blank firing pistolruger licensed blank gunss&w licensed blank gunswalther licensed blank gunsblank guns by stylereplica beretta m92 blank gunsreplica blue style blank gunsreplica colt 45 blank gunsreplica cz75 blank firing gunsreplica derringer syle blank gunsreplica model 85 blank gunsppk replica blank gunsreplica revolver style blank guns walther p22s blank replica gunswalther p99s blank replica gunsblank guns by caliberblank firing replica guns- 8mmblank firing replica guns- .22 caliberblank firing replica guns- .32 caliberblank guns accessoriesblank firing ammunitionextra magazines for blank firing replica gunsarcherycrossbowsbowsarrows and boltsaccessories and partsairgun resourcesairgun reviewsairsoft resourcesairgun videosblogsafety tipssign up to join our mailing list! home about us privacy policy shipping & returns policy returns request form contact us site map view cart airgun and airsoft product videosbest selling air gunsair riflesbest selling air pistolspellet guns- an overview plus our best sellerspellet gunscrosman air guns- an overview & recommendationscrosman air riflescrosman airguns- air rifles and air pistols (usa)daisy airguns - air rifles and air pistolsdaisy air riflesgamo airguns - gamo air rifles & gamo air pistols (spain)tsd sports competition m4ris-navy aeg airsoft rifleall gamo air riflessheridan & benjamin airguns- air rifles and air pistols (usa)all rws air riflesprecision beeman airguns (usa)small pest control hunting air rifles- our top picksbest selling co2 bb gunsmauser tactical pro bolt action airsoft rifletaurus pt 92 airsoft spring pistol- metal body! ©2010 echo commerce llc. all rights reserved. yahoo! store by solid cactusairguns are designed for use by experienced shooters. misuse or careless use may result in serious injury or death. may be dangerous up to 300 yards.for ages 18 years or olderour high-powered airguns are recommended for use by those 18 years of age or older. read all instructions before using. the purchaser and user should conform to all laws governing the use and ownership of airguns in their local area.we cannot and will not sell to minors.all airsoft guns must be shipped with a 1/4" blazing orange tip, no exceptions.all packages containing airguns will ship adult signature required (packages containing airguns and airsoft guns must be received by persons 21 years or older).it's up to you to know the laws in your state, county and city and to fully comply with them. the following are examples of some state and local restrictions governing airguns and airsoft guns: airguns are restricted in: new york city, ny, its boroughs (zip codes 100xx-104xx and 111-114xx, 116xx), new jersey, michigan (certain products restricted but not all), chicago il and washington dc. we cannot ship co2 or blank ammo to puerto rico, guam, alaska, hawaii, overseas, or anywhere requiring air shipment.see our safety, disclaimer, and policies pages for more information.