来源URL: https://web.archive.org/web/20121230233333/http://www.airgundepot.com:80/faq.html
================================================================================

frequently asked questions - airgundepot.com customer service & help 1-866-477-4867my account order status dealers customer service shopping cartbb & pellet gunsair riflesair rifles by brandnitro piston air riflespcp air riflesco2 air riflesbreak barrel air riflesfixed barrel air riflespump air riflesyoung shootersnew air riflesair pistolsair pistols by brandco2 air pistolscompetition air pistolspump air pistolsbest selling air pistolsnew air pistolspellet gunspellet riflespellet pistolsvarmint huntingsmall pest control.22 cal air riflescompetition shootingbb gunsbb riflesbb pistolsco2 bb gunsautomatic bb gunsbb guns for kidsammoairgun pelletsairgun bbspellets by brandpremium pelletstop hunting pelletscleaning pelletsscopes & mountsnew productsrefurbished airgunsaccessoriesairguns by brandairforce air gunsbenjamin airgunsberetta airgunsbrowning airgunscolt air pistolscrosman airgunsdaisy airgunsgamo airgunshatsan airgunsdesert eagleruger airgunsrws airgunssmith & wesson air pistolsstoeger air rifleswalther airgunsairsoft gunsshop by typeaeg airsoft gunsairsoft sniper riflesairsoft pistols airsoft shotgunsairsoft launcherstop picksnew productsby missionclose quarters battle assaultsupportmarksmanammo.12 gr..20 gr..23 gr..25 gr..28 gr..30 gr. & up .20 gr. biodegradable.25 gr. & up biodegradable.20 gr..25 gr. marker accessoriessafety glasses & gogglesbatteries & chargersairsoft gasairsoft magazinesairsoft optics & lasersairsoft targetsbi-pods & vertical gripsgun casesris and rasspeed loaderstactical gearairsoft upgrade kitsstarter airsoftspring airsoft gunsstarter airsoft shotgunsmini electric gunsspring airsoft pistolsautomatic electric starternew productstop picksairsoft by brandaftermath armory usabushmaster airsoftcaspian armsclassic armycrosman airsoftcybergun dpms panther arms elite force airsoft gunsecho 1 usagame facegsgheckler and kochisrael military industrieskalashnikovammoammoairgun pelletsairgun bbspellets by brandpremium pelletstop hunting pelletscleaning pelletsblank gunstrademarkedcolt licensedruger licenseds&w licensedwalther licensedblank by stylereplica beretta m92replica blue stylereplica colt 45replica cz75replica derringer stylereplica model 85ppk replicareplica revolver stylewalther p22swalther p99sblank by caliber8mm.22 caliberaccessoriesblank firing ammunitionextra magazinesotherpaintballnew paintball products!kingman trainingpaintball markerspaintball ammopaintball accessoriesarcherycrossbowsbowsarrows and boltsaccessories and partstactical geartactical veststactical holstersmagazine pouchesgun bags and beltstactical slingsgloveshelmets & head geartactical appareleducationairgun resourcesairgun reviewsairgun buyer guidesairgun videosairsoft resourcesairsoft battery faqairsoft buyer guideairsoft videosproduct videosairgun videosairsoft videosspecialsspecialspost holiday sale!bargain bunkerrefurbished airgunsairsoft overstock salegift certificatescontestsdaily deals //   customer servicefrequently asked questionsbefore you email or call, please review our faq page. many answers to your questions can be found here. what is the status of my order? do you ship to canada? do you ship internationally? do you ship to military addresses? can you ship c02 or blank ammunition to hawaii, puerto rico, or military addresses? how much is shipping? what is the warranty on my airgun? what is the warranty on my airsoft gun? what is the warranty on my tactical gear? my airgun broke or is not working properly. do you sell replacement parts? if i do not like what i ordered, can i return it for a complete refund? do you repair airguns, pellet guns, or bb guns? i have an old "enter name of old airgun here"? can you tell me what it's worth or how to get parts for it? how do i return an item? can i pay by check, money order or c.o.d.? there is an error on my order, what do i do? can i speak to a live person? how can i remove myself from your mailing list? is your website secure? where are you located? will i be charged sales tax? can i place my order via telephone? i need contact information for one of your manufacturers. do you have a list? q. what is the status of my order and when should i expect it to arrive? depending on the shipping method you chose, your approximate delivery time will vary. if your items are in stock, they usually ship out the same business day if ordered before 12pm (2pm est), however order processing can take up to two days. if you choose standard shipping your total delivery time should be 1-2 business days processing time, plus 3 to 7 business days (shipping time). in other words, you could expect your package to be delivered within 4 to 8 business days of placing your order. if you choose three day shipping, 3 business days, your total delivery time would be 1 day + 3 business days (shipping time). in other words, within 4 business days. please also keep in mind that there is no weekend delivery. if you ordered next day air, allow 1 business day for processing. if you order friday-sunday, your order will be processed monday and shipped either monday or tuesday. the package should arrive 1 business day later, or 2 business days total. please also keep in mind that there is no weekend delivery. if you choose 2nd day air (2 business days) your total delivery time should be 1 day + 2 business days (shipping time). in other words, within 3 business days if you feel your order is delayed, email us and we will do our best to give you an approximate delivery date. if delivered by usps, the box may at your local post office. or your ups notification (usually left in your mailbox) may have been lost or removed by accident, so you may want to contact your courier directly. tracking numbers. there are no tracking numbers provided for usps first class mail or 3-day usps priority mail. if you selected ups or fed ex delivery, you should obtain an automated tracking email within 4 days after order. if you do not receive the email, you may obtain a tracking number by selecting the tracking link from our email page. please wait 3-4 days after ordering to request a tracking number. you receive a tracking number upon request. tracking numbers are available 2-3 days after your order has been shipped. ^ back to top q. do you ship to canada? a. please view our international shipping policies here ^ back to top q. do you ship internationally? every country has unique rules of law concerning airguns. please view our international shipping policies here. if you still have questions, please email us at international@airgundepot.com. ^ back to top q. do you ship to military addresses? yes we do. please choose the usps shipping option at checkout. ^ back to top q. can you ship c02 to hawaii, puerto rico, or military addresses? no, co2 is compressed gas and must be shipped via ups ground. ^ back to top q. how much is shipping? a. we offer several shipping options. if your order is time sensitive we suggest choosing one or two day service at checkout. remember, items in stock usually ship out the next business day from when the order is placed, but order processing can take up to two business days. you can calculate how much shipping will cost by putting the items you want in the shopping cart and then filling out the first page of the shopping cart. simply choose the method of shipping you want and click next. then look on the right hand column and you will see the shipping total. you will not have to give out your credit card number or email address to get a shipping quote nor are the addresses and names stored by our system. please remember if you refuse a shipment because you no longer want the items that shipping is not refundable. if you have used the 'shipfree' coupon to receive free ground shipping a restocking fee of %5 will be applied to your order to cover our cost of shipping and handeling. ^ back to top q. what is the warranty on my airgun? daisy products are warranted for one year. send all daisy products which need repair directly to daisy to avoid delays. daisy customer service number is 1-800-643-3458. mailing address: daisy outdoor products 400 w. stribling drive, rogers ar 72757. rws products have a limited lifetime warranty. all waranty issues pertaining to rws, s&w, colt, berretta, and some walther products are now handled by umarex usa. please contact umarex by phone to obtain information on where to send your product for repair. umarex customer service number is 1-479-646-4210 mailing address: umarex usa 6007 so. 29th st. fort smith, ar 72908 crosman, benjamin sheridan, walther, and remington products are warranted for one year. send all products which need repair directly to crosman to avoid delays. crosman customer service number is 1-800-724-7486 mailing address: crosman routes 5 & 20 east bloomfield, ny 14443. tech force and bsa airguns products which need repair should be returned directly to compasseco, inc., customer service number is 502-349-0181. mailing address: 151 atkinson hill avenue bardstown, ky 40004. gamo and bsa scopes products have a limited lifetime warranty. send all gamo products which need repair directly to gamo to avoid delays. gamo customer service number is 1-954-581-5822. mailing address: gamo usa 3911 s.w. 47th avenue suite 914 ft. lauderdale, fl 33314 beeman products have a limited lifetime warranty. send all beeman products which need repair directly to beeman to avoid delays. beeman customer service number is 1-800-227-2744. mailing address: beeman precision airguns 5454 argosy drive huntington beach, ca 92649. european amerian armory products are warranted for 1 year. send products which need repair directly to european american armory to avoid delays. inquiries: eaa p.o. box 560746 rockledge, fl 32956-0746 voice: tel. (321) 639-4842 fax: (321) 639-7006 service & repair: 411 hawk street. rockledge, fl. 32955 ^ back to top q. what is the warranty on my airsoft gun? can also be found at - www.airgundepot.com/airsoft-warranty.html due to the rough and tumble nature of airsoft, we will not take returns on guns that have been modified, upgraded or have simple cosmetic damages. we also ask that you try to go through the manufacturer before us as well. when you are returning an airsoft gun you must remember to include all items and documentation. this may include a sling, speed loader, magazine or shells, return information, manual, cleaning rods, batteries, chargers and adapters. if you do not return all the items that have come with the product it will be immediately rejected and sent back to you. aftermath products carry a 30 day warranty. send any products which need repair directly to aftermath at: telephone (954)302-1084 fax (954) 581-3165 mailing address: aftermath airsoft 1475 south sam houston blvd houston, missouri 65483 echo 1 usa products carry a 30 day warranty on the gear box only. their warranty excludes, cosmetic damage, damage to accessories or damage to magazine, clips, sling and batteries. you must contact them directly before warranty will be fulfilled. email info@echo1usa.com game face products carry a 30 day warranty directly through us, the seller. http://gamefaceairsoft.com/ caspian arms we, ics, olympic arms, special weapons and tsd sports and tsd tactical are handled under team sd. they carry several different makes of guns under there warranty that correspond by brand. 30 day warranty on tsd sports, ics, olympic arms and special weapons 60 day warranty on tsd tactical you must contact them directly before warranty will be fulfilled. telephone (626) 281–0979 rma@teamsd.com utg (under the gun), also known as leapers, carries several different warranties on there guns. to find out which warranty fits your gun check to see where it was made. they will either be made in the usa, taiwan, or china and the warranty is as follows: 120 day warranty on guns made in the usa and taiwan 30 day warranty on guns made in china telephone (734) 542-1500 fax (734) 542-7095 mailing address: 32700 capitol street, livonia, mi 48150, u.s.a. office@leapers.com ^ back to top q. what is the warranty on my tactical gear? we do not accept returns on any tactical gear if it has been used or worn. the only time we will be able to take it back for a refund or an exchange is if the item is defective. defective constitues broken stitching only! if damage has occured because of use or test fitting the user is liable for the damage and we will not replace the item. ^ back to top q. my airgun broke. does airgun depot sell parts? a. no, we do not stock or sell parts. please contact the manufacturer's customer service department. please click here for a list of manufacturer addresses and customer service numbers. ^ back to top q. if i do not like what i ordered can i return it for a complete refund? a. yes. as long as the product is in new, unused condition, airgun depot will accept returns. shipping charges are not refundable. if, for any reason, your order does not arrive in premium condition or you are not completely satisfied with any of our products, simply return them to us within 30 days from delivery date for a prompt, courteous replacement, exchange or refund. a 15% restocking fee applies if the item did not arrive damaged or defective, and with the exception of defective goods, only items in new, resellable condition will be accepted. the restocking fee will be waived if the item is exchanged for merchandise of equal or greater value. returned items are inspected before refunds are issued. shipping charges are not refundable any under circumstance. however, if you receive a defective or damaged item, we will replace or exchange the item within 30 days at no additional cost to you. note: our return policy on eaa items is different from our normal policy. please click here to read the policy. ^ back to top q. do you repair airguns, pellet guns, or bb guns? a. no, we do not make any repairs. please contact the manufactuer's customer service departments. please click here for a list of manufacturer addresses and customer service numbers. ^ back to top q. i have an old "enter name of old airgun here"? can you tell me what it's worth or how to get parts for it? a. unfortunately, we don't have any information on old airguns nor do we have anyway to place a value on them. we also do not repair any airguns. ^ back to top q. how do i return an item? please click here to read our return policies, and email us for an rma number. items that have been used and are not defective can not be returned under any circumstance. please read our policies thoroughly before requesting and rma. ^ back to top q. can i pay by check, money order, paypal or c.o.d.? a. you may pay by cashier's check or money order, but we do not ship c.o.d. please email us with a list of items that you wish to buy so we can email you back with a total and payment instructions. if you pay by check please expect to wait up to 10 days for the check to clear. you can pay by paypal, as long as we ship to a paypal confirmed address. you can check whether your address is confimed by viewing your profile in you paypal account. just select paypal as the payment option during checkout. ^ back to top q. there is an error on my order, what do i do? a. if you notice an error was made on your order, please notify us immediately. please click here and choose orders from the list on our email page please include the full name and e-mail used when ordering, your order confirmation number or the last four-digits of the credit card used when ordering and a brief explanation of what is missing or damaged. we will respond with a resolution within 24-hours during the work week. ^ back to top q. can i speak to a live person? a. yes please call us at 866-477-guns (4867) to speak to a representative. this is an order line. please call us at this number to place your order or if you have questions before you order. if you have customer service inquiries, please email us after reviewing our faq page. if you still have questions, feel free to call and we will help you to the best of our ability. . we usually respond to all e-mail inquiries within 4 hours during the business week regular office hours. after hours messages are returned the following day. ^ back to top q. how can i remove myself from your mailing list? a. at the bottom of each email we send, there is a link to a page where you can unsubscribe. you may unsubscribe anytime. ^ back to top q. how can i be sure my credit card is secure? a. we use advanced ssl encryption to ensure your card information is safe. shopping with us is easy and secure! ^ back to top q. where are you located? a. our offices and main warehouse is based in draper, utah. we also occasionally ship from warehouses in texas, florida, kentucky, ohio, california, and new york. if you wish to contact us by mail, please mail all correspondence to: airgun depot 12453 s 265 w suite f draper, ut 84020 ^ back to top q. will i be charged sales tax? a. sales tax will be automatically added to all orders from utah or shipping to utah.. ^ back to top q. can i place an order by telephone? a. yes, please call 866-477-guns (4867). this is an order line only. we strongly encourage you to email us with customer service issues such as returns, tracking numbers, etc. ^ back to top q. i need contact information for one of your manufacturers. do you have a list? a. yes, please click here for a list of manufacturers contact info. international shippingmanufacturer informationissue resolutionproduct inquiriescustomer serviceorder statusinternational shippingfrequently asked questionsinternational shippingmanufacturer informationissue resolutionproduct inquiriesabout uscustomer reviewscontact usrequest a productreturnspolicies & proceduresprivacy policydealersairgun safetywarrantyairsoft warrantysign up & savejoin our email list for amazingspecials, deals, & discounts! we respect your privacy home about us privacy policy shipping & returns policy returns request form contact us site map view cart bb guns air rifles air pistols refurbished guns best sellers ammo airsoft guns airsoft rifles airsoft pistols aeg airsoft guns airsoft sniper rifles starter airsoft top brands crosman air rifles gamo air rifles rws airguns game face airsoft aftermath airsoft company info 1-866-477-4867 customer service testimonials dealer info my account popular categories airgun and airsoft product videos best selling pellet guns pellet guns best selling co2 pellet guns nitro piston air rifles customer favorites best selling air pistols airsoft ammo .12 gr. .20 gr. .23 gr. .25 gr. .20 gr. biodegradable .25 gr. & up biodegradables .25 gr. marker popular brand links crosman airguns daisy airguns daisy air rifles gamo air guns benjamin air rifles (usa) all rws air rifles beeman airguns (usa) articles & resources faster isn't always better what caliber should i choose? ammo comparison - pellets vs. bbs choosing an airgun scope small game hunting with airguns bb guns for kids crosman buyer guide don't miss our best deals! we respect your privacy connect with us warning! you must be 18 years of age or older to order and conform to all laws governing the use and ownership of airguns in your local area. more info©2013 airgun depot. all rights reserved. xfree shippingwe offer free shipping on all orders over $199! when your order qualifies, use coupon code shipfree during checkout. limit one coupon per order. only available in the lower 48 states.more infoxsame day shippingorder by 12pm mst (2pm est) items in stock at our utah warehouse will ship the same day.some restrictions apply.more info