来源URL: https://web.archive.org/web/20161223000932/http://www.airgundepot.com/shipping.html
================================================================================

shipping | airgun depot talk to an airgun specialist 1-866-477-4867 help order status returns contact us customer service my account bb & pellet guns free shipping on orders over $179 $99 talk to an airgun specialist 1-866-477-4867 there are no items in your cart. checkout sign in hi, $$firstname$$ my account log in new customer? earn reward points checkout faster save your favorites create yourfree account today help my account my order my rewards help sign out air rifles new air riflesair rifles by brandpcp air rifleshunting air riflesbig bore air riflesbullpup air riflesgas piston air riflesbreak barrel air riflesco2 air rifles pump air riflesunderlever air riflesfixed barrel air rifles10m competition air riflespopular air riflesyoung shooterssynthetic stock air riflesview all air rifles air pistols new air pistolsair pistols by brandco2 pistolspcp air pistolshunting pistolsrealistic blowbackcompetition air pistolspump air pistolsbest selling air pistols refurbished air pistolsview all air pistols ammo airgun pelletsairgun bbspellets by brandpremium pelletstop hunting pelletscleaning pelletsview all ammo airsoft aeg airsoft gunsairsoft riflesairsoft pistols airsoft sniper riflesairsoft shotgunsairsoft accessoriesammoview all airsoft accessories apparelairgun scopesscope mountstargets & trapsaperture & iron sightsbi-pods & vertical gripschronographscleaning & maintenanceco2 cartridges flashlights & lasersgun casesholstersmagazines, clips & loaderspcp accessoriesreflex, dot & aim pointsafety gearview all accessories airgun vault videosarticlesguideshead to head airgun finder what type of airgun are you looking for? air rifle air pistol not sure? shop by specials holiday gift guidelightning dealsexclusivesfirst time pcp combosrefurbished airgunsblack ops comboskodiak combospremium comboscombos bargain bunkerrebatesview all specials home // customer service // shipping shipping holiday shipping cut-off dates general info same day shipping restrictions international shipping holiday shipping cutoff dates smartpost - december 7 ground - december 16 3 day - december 20 2 day - december 21 next day - december 22 general information free shipping - we cover the cost of shipping on all orders of $179 $99 or more to destinations within the continental us (lower 48 states). your package may be shipped by either fedex or ups, depending on which warehouse ships your order. you may be contacted if the bill to/ship to address are different on your order. orders placed by 9 am mst will ship the same day. some restrictions apply. see full details here. it's up to you to know the laws in your state, county and city and to fully comply with them. the following are examples of some state and local restrictions governing airguns and airsoft guns: airguns are restricted in: new york city, ny, its boroughs (zip codes 100xx-104xx and 111-114xx, 116xx), new jersey, chicago il and washington dc. we cannot ship co2 or blank ammo to puerto rico, guam, alaska, hawaii, overseas, or anywhere requiring air shipment. ground transit map same day shipping airgun depot is happy to offer same day shipping of your order if placed by 9am mst (11am est) . if all items ordered are in stock at our utah warehouse your order will ship the same day. orders placed on saturday and sunday will ship monday. we ship 90% of our orders from our utah warehouse. items shipping from our other warehouses usually ship the same day or the next business day.some issues that can delay your order: incorrect billing or shipping address- make sure your billing address is correct and that you don't accidentally reverse the billing and shipping addresses. order verification- if we have to take extra steps to verify your order this could prevent your order from shipping same day. please make sure you provide a contact number where you can be reached. out of stock items- though we do our best to keep the website updated, occasionally some items sell out. if an item is out of stock we will notify you of the expected shipping date. restricted addresses- some state and city laws prevent us from shipping into some locations. please make sure your city or state is not restricted. if your home is in a restricted area and you wish to have your order shipped to an address that is not restricted, be sure to check with your local law enforcement to confirm it is legal to own and operate an airgun where you live. tracking numbers will be available after 6 pm mst. your tracking number will be emailed to you or you can check the status of your order manually.shipping restrictions don't despair, you can still order from airgun depot! you may live in an area that restricts delivery of certain products on our website. please review the following restricted areas, and if you live in one of them, refer to our guidelines below about what items are restricted and where and how you can still order from airgun depot. if you are shipping overseas, be sure to read our international information.what products are restricted and in what areas? the following list is comprised of examples of known restricted areas for some of our products. this list is not intended to be a complete list, and it is up to each customer to know the regulations of the state and city in which they live and abide by them.new york city manhattan, brooklyn, bronx, queens and staten island zip codes affected are: 100xx-104xx, 111xx, 112xx-114xx, 116xx pellet guns bb guns blank guns crossbows longbows slingshots (applies to wrist-braced only) washington, dc pellet guns bb guns airsoft guns new jersey pellet guns bb guns crossbows sling shots illinois airguns greater than .18 cal with a velocity greater than 701 fps, all .177 cal are not restricted cook county, il all pellet guns all bb guns blank guns foregrips slingshots california ballistol in aerosol form hawaii co2 alaska co2 philadelphia, pa pellet guns bb guns airsoft guns slingshots slingshots are restricted in the following areas: st. augustine, fl cook county, il indiana massachusetts st. louis, mo new jersey new york (applies to wrist-braced only) philadelphia, pa south carolina rapid city, sd knoxville, tn salt lake county, ut madison, wi dover & wilmington, de how do i order a product that is restricted in my area?it's simple! use an alternate shipping address to a nearby unrestricted area. remember, it's up to you to know the laws in your city and state where you plan to use the item. normally our customers who live in restricted shipping areas will have the item shipped to an unrestricted address. for example, you could have us ship your package to a friend or relative's address outside our restricted shipping areas. please be aware that it is up to you to get the proper permits (if applicable) to own and use restricted items in your area.you may also be able to have restricted items shipped directly to you, via your local federal firearms licensed (ffl) dealer. this will involve a separate fee imposed by the dealer, which airgun depot will not be responsible for and we can not include it in the cost of the order. fees will sometimes vary greatly between dealers, so contact more than one if possible. please locate a firearms dealer who is willing to accept a transfer (i.e., your order), as airgun depot does not maintain any type of list, then contact our customer support center at (866) 477-4867 for further details on how to proceed. please note that airgun depot is not firearms dealer, a small number of dealers will only accept transfers from another ffl dealer. we unfortunately will not be able to ship your order directly to a restricted location if this is the case.if you have an alternate address for delivery, simply put that address in the shipping address field during checkout, and make sure you provide the correct billing address and phone number for verification. also provide us with a valid email address during checkout.international shipping questionscontact our international shipping team atinternational@airgundepot.comwe can ship many of our products internationally via usps priority mail & fedex international however, many countries have restrictions in place that prevent us from shipping many (or all) of our products. in many countries, air guns are considered firearms and fall under firearm restrictions. it is up to you to know the laws in your country. please check with your local authority to make sure the item is legal in your city/state/country.we have provided the information below to answer questions you may have and to give you a better shopping experience. on this page you will find: where do we ship returns policy customs information additional fees payment verification in most cases our website can calculate your shipping costs, however, if you order an over sized item there could be additional shipping fees involved. if there are additional shipping fees we will contact you by email before we charge your credit card. if you are a dealer and want to purchase our products in large quantities, please apply for a dealer account.please note: we can not ship optics, night vision, or lasers to any country, unless they are attached or packaged together with an air gun, regardless if the country is listed below or not.where we ship we get a lot of questions as to where we can ship our products, below you will find a list of countries that we can currently ship our products to. if you do not see your country in this list, there is a chance that we cannot ship our products to your country. american samoa antigua and barbuda aruba austria bahamas bermuda canada (restrictions) cayman islands denmark (gun restrictions) finland greece greenland guam guatemala hungary iceland kuwait luxembourg macau (license required) monaco netherlands netherlands antilles new zealand norfolk island norway panama poland portugal samoa south africa (license required) spain taiwan trinidad/tobago (rifled barrels restricted) us minor outlying islands virgin islands (u.s.) and others! returns policyairgun depot will accept returned products that have been damaged in shipment, have been incorrectly sent, were originally defective within the 30 days of receipt of your order, unless otherwise listed during purchase. please note, shipping and handling fees are non-refundable and you will be responsible for paying to have the merchandise shipped back to our warehouse. however, you will receive full product refund under the circumstances listed above. read our full return policy for more details.customs information contact your customs agency to get the required import permits for the items you order.if you order is confiscated by your customs agency, airgun depot llc is not responsible for the loss, nor will we reimburse you for the cost of the impounded products or their shipping cost.additional fees there may be additional fees associated with importing and inland shipping. if the need arises, our customer service department will assist in any shipment claims or product returns. when these situations arise please call us first for assistance.payment verification we will also verify your payment information before your order ships to minimize fraud. be sure and provide a valid telephone number where you can be reached for verification, along with the phone number your credit card issuer has on file for you. exclusive savings sign up today & get 10% off your next order > start your education airgun vault fun videos, helpful tips and advice for airgunners! customer service shipping returns contact us faqs order status resources airgun reviews airgun finder calculators videos vault company info about us dealers affiliates policies safety connect please note: you must be 18 years of age or older to order and conform to all laws governing the use and ownership of airguns in your local area. more info © 2016 airgun depot. all rights reserved. free shippingget free shipping on all orders over $179 $99! when your order qualifies, choose ground shipping during checkout. available to us customers the lower 48 states. learn more free pelletsadd any 4 tins to your cart & 1 will be free. mix & match or order all the same, either way you get the lowest priced tin for free.