来源URL: https://web.archive.org/web/20221229073037/https://www.airgundepot.com/faq.html
================================================================================

frequently asked questions | airgun depot free shipping on orders over $179talk to an airgun specialist 1 866.477-4867helporder statusreturnscontact uscustomer servicemy accountfree shipping on orders over $179searchsign inmy account log innew customer?earn reward pointscheckout fastersave your favoritescreate yourfree account todayhelp0air riflesnew air riflesair rifles by brandpcp air rifleshunting air riflesbig bore air riflesbullpup air riflesgas piston air riflesbreak barrel air riflesco2 air riflespump air riflesunderlever air riflesfixed barrel air rifles10m competition air riflespopular air riflesyoung shooterssynthetic stock air riflesview all air rifles air pistolsnew air pistolsair pistols by brandco2 pistolspcp air pistolshunting pistolsrealistic blowbackcompetition air pistolspump air pistolsbest selling air pistolsrevolversview all air pistols ammoairgun pelletsairgun bbspellets by brandbig bore pelletspremium pelletstop hunting pelletscleaning pelletscustomer favoritesview all ammo accessoriesairgun scopesscope mountspcp accessoriesupgrade kitsaperture & iron sightsbi-pods & vertical gripschronographscleaning & maintenanceco2 cartridgesflashlights & lasersgun casesholstersmagazines, clips & loadersreflex, dot & aim pointsafety gearshooting aidsview all accessories specialsexclusivesblack ops combospremium comboscombosbargain bunkertop sellersview all specials bb & pellet gunsbrandspellet gunsbb gunsairguns by typevaultgamesvideos guidestop 5articles cyber monday sale: up to $175 off + free shipping on $179+ orders! - see codes home // customer service // frequently asked questionsfrequently asked questionsmany answers to your questions can be found here, it might even save you an email or phone call. what is the status of my order? do you ship to canada? do you ship internationally? do you ship to military addresses? can you ship co2 or blank ammunition to hawaii, puerto rico, or military addresses? how much is shipping? what is the warranty on my airgun? what is the warranty on my airsoft gun? what is the warranty on my tactical gear? my airgun broke or is not working properly. do you sell replacement parts? if i do not like what i ordered, can i return it for a refund? do you repair airguns, pellet guns, or bb guns? i have an old "enter name of old airgun here"? can you tell me what it's worth or how to get parts for it? how do i return an item? can i pay by check, money order or c.o.d.? there is an error on my order, what do i do? can i speak to a live person? how can i remove myself from your mailing list? is your website secure? where are you located? can i place my order via telephone? q. what is the status of my order and when should i expect it to arrive? to see our holiday shipping schedule and order cutoff dates, click here. depending on the shipping method you chose, your approximate delivery time will vary. if your items are in stock, they usually ship out the same business day if ordered before 9am mst (11am est), however order processing can take up to two days. if you choose standard shipping your total delivery time should be 1-2 business days processing time, plus 3 to 7 business days (shipping time). in other words, you could expect your package to be delivered within 4 to 8 business days of placing your order. if you choose three day shipping, 3 business days, your total delivery time would be 1 day + 3 business days (shipping time). in other words, within 4 business days. please also keep in mind that there is no weekend delivery. if you ordered next day air, allow 1 business day for processing. if you order friday-sunday, your order will be processed monday and shipped either monday or tuesday. the package should arrive 1 business day later, or 2 business days total. please also keep in mind that there is no weekend delivery. if you choose 2nd day air (2 business days) your total delivery time should be 1 day + 2 business days (shipping time). in other words, within 3 business days. if you feel your order is delayed, email us and we will do our best to give you an approximate delivery date. if delivered by usps, the box may at your local post office. or your ups notification (usually left in your mailbox) may have been lost or removed by accident, so you may want to contact your courier directly. tracking numbers. there are no tracking numbers provided for usps first class mail or 3-day usps priority mail. if you selected fedex delivery, you should obtain an automated tracking email as soon as your order ships. if you do not receive the email, you may obtain a tracking number by selecting the tracking link from our email page. please wait 3-4 days after ordering to request a tracking number. q. do you ship to canada? yes, but there are some restrictions. you can see all guns that can ship to canada or view our international shipping policies. q. do you ship internationally? every country has unique rules of law concerning airguns. please view our international shipping policies here. if you still have questions, please email us at international[at]airgundepot.com. q. do you ship to military addresses? yes we do. please choose the usps shipping option at checkout. q. can you ship co2 to hawaii, puerto rico, or military addresses? no, co2 is compressed gas and must be shipped via ups ground. q. how much is shipping we offer several shipping options. if your order is time sensitive we suggest choosing one or two day service at checkout. remember, items in stock usually ship out the next business day from when the order is placed, but order processing can take up to two business days. you can calculate how much shipping will cost by putting the items you want in the shopping cart and then filling out the first page of the shopping cart. simply choose the method of shipping you want and click next. then look on the right-hand column and you will see the shipping total. you will not have to give out your credit card number or email address to get a shipping quote nor are the addresses and names stored by our system. please remember if you refuse a shipment because you no longer want the items that shipping is not refundable. if you have used a coupon to receive free ground shipping, up to $15 may be deducted from the refunded amount. q. what is the warranty on my airgun? view all warranty information here: warranty. q. what is the warranty on my airsoft gun? due to the rough and tumble nature of airsoft, we will not take returns on guns that have been modified, upgraded or have simple cosmetic damages. we also ask that you try to go through the manufacturer before us as well. when you are returning an airsoft gun you must remember to include all items and documentation. this may include a sling, speed loader, magazine or shells, return information, manual, cleaning rods, batteries, chargers and adapters. if you do not return all the items that have come with the product it will be immediately rejected and sent back to you. view all warranty information here: warranty. q. what is the warranty on my tactical gear? we do not accept returns on any tactical gear if it has been used or worn. the only time we will be able to take it back for a refund or an exchange is if the item is defective. defective constitutes broken stitching only! if damage has occurred because of use or test fitting the user is liable for the damage and we will not replace the item. q. my airgun broke. does airgun depot sell parts? no, we do not stock or sell parts. please contact the manufacturer's customer service department. q. if i do not like what i ordered can i return it for a refund? yes. airgun depot will accept returns as long as the product is in new, unused, and unopened condition. shipping charges are not refundable, except in cases where the item is defective. if, for any reason, your order does not arrive in premium condition or you are not completely satisfied with any of our products, simply return the items to us within 60 days from delivery date for a replacement or refund. a 20% restocking fee applies if the item did not arrive damaged or defective or if the reason for return is buyer's remorse. except for defective items, we will accept only items in unopened, new, and sellable condition. items sent to the manufacturer for warranty repair are not eligible for return to airgun depot. we inspect all returned items before issuing refunds or replacement orders. we will automatically deduct a 20% restocking fee if we cannot reproduce the customer's reason for returning the product. q. do you repair airguns, pellet guns, or bb guns? no, we do not make any repairs. please contact the manufacturer's customer service departments. q. i have an old "enter name of old airgun here"? can you tell me what it's worth or how to get parts for it? unfortunately, we don't have any information on old airguns nor do we have any way to place a value on them. we also do not repair any airguns. q. how do i return an item? please read our return policies to learn how to return an item. q. can i pay by check, money order, paypal or c.o.d.? you may pay by cashier's check or money order, but we do not ship c.o.d. please email us with a list of items that you wish to buy so we can email you back with a total and payment instructions. personal checks are no longer accepted- we apologize for the inconvenience. if you prefer to pay by check, please obtain a cashier's check from your bank, or purchase a money order. you may also pay by paypal, as long as we ship to a paypal confirmed address. you can check whether your address is confirmed by viewing your profile in your paypal account. just select paypal as the payment option during checkout. please list your order number in the memo field, then mail the money orders, cashier's check to the following address: payable to: airgun depot llc 5135 naiman parkway solon, oh 44139 usaplease be sure to calculate shipping charges before sending in a check or money order, or email us and we will help you calculate the total due on your order. do not send unauthorized returns to this address. all unauthorized returns will be refused and sent back to the customer. q. there is an error on my order, what do i do? if you notice an error was made on your order, please notify us immediately. please click here and choose orders from the list on our email page please include the full name and e-mail used when ordering, your order confirmation number or the last four-digits of the credit card used when ordering and a brief explanation of what is missing or damaged. we will respond with a resolution within 24-hours during the work week. q. can i speak to a live person? yes please call us at 866-477-guns (4867) to speak to a representative. this is an order line. please call us at this number to place your order or if you have questions before you order. if you have customer service inquiries, please email us after reviewing our faq page. if you still have questions, feel free to call and we will help you to the best of our ability. we usually respond to all e-mail inquiries within 4 hours during the business week regular office hours. after hours messages are returned the following day. q. how can i remove myself from your mailing list? at the bottom of each email we send, there is a link to a page where you can unsubscribe. you may unsubscribe anytime. q. how can i be sure my credit card is secure? we use advanced ssl encryption to ensure your card information is safe. shopping with us is easy and secure! q. where are you located? our offices and main warehouse are based in draper, utah. we also occasionally ship from warehouses in texas, florida, kentucky, ohio, california, and new york. if you wish to contact us by mail, please mail all correspondence to:airgun depot 12453 s 265 w suite f draper, ut 84020 q. can i place an order by telephone? yes, please call 866-477-guns (4867). this is an order line only. we strongly encourage you to email us with customer service issues such as returns, tracking numbers, etc.exclusive savings sign up for an exclusive offer, news, tips and more! view suggestions airgun finder what kind of airgun are you looking for? customer serviceshippingreturnscontact usfaqsaccessibilityresourcesairgun reviewsairgun findercalculatorsvideosvaultcompany infoabout usdealersaffiliatespoliciessafetyconnect please note: you must be 18 years of age or older to order and conform to all laws governing the use and ownership of airguns in your local area. more info 2022 airgun depot, 12453 s 265 w suite f, draper, ut 84020. all rights reserved. terms of use