来源URL: https://web.archive.org/web/20131229220013/http://www.amainhobbies.com/information.php/info_id/42/n/Returns
================================================================================

returns - a main hobbies home > product returns my account  | shopping cart  | wish list find products categories protek r/c new arrivals rc airplanes » soaring savings rc boats » rc cars & trucks » rc helicopters » rc motorcycles » rc multirotor » apparel » batteries » cameras & accessories » electric accessories » fuel & accessories » glue, oil & cleaners » hardware & fasteners » magazines, books & videos » model rockets » model trains » novelty items paint & supplies » plastic models » puzzles radios & accessories » simulators » slot cars » stickers & decals storage & transportation » tools » gift vouchers scratch & dent clearance items specials manufacturers please select 4d cityscape a main hobbies ace r/c action shot aeromax inc. aerospire aerotech consumer aerospace ag industries agama racing air age publishing airtronics aka racing align alpha plus model co. apc aquacraft arc arrma rc arrowcopter astro flight athearn atlas brush company atlas model railroad atlas o, llc atomik rc avant rc avid rc axial bachmann industries backyard flyer bantam hobby technology beam helicopters beastx bittydesign bk servos blade bo-jeux toys/bj toys bob dively models bob smith industries boca bearings bp engines byron originals caboose industries calandra racing concepts caster racing castle creations cen racing chimp systems common sense rc compass model competition heat competition suspension contact rc core-rc coverite cox hobbies curtis youngblood custom electronics custom works dave brown products de racing dean and james dialed inc. dirtchamp design dirtz dialed partz dji innovations dla engines donegan optical co., inc. dremel dromida du-bro dumas boats durasand duratrax dynamite e-flite eagle tree systems eb mods ecopower edge rotor blades electric model systems electrix rc elevated r/c elyq enroute enya model engine ernst manufacturing inc. estes industries evolution excel exergen expert electronics express motorsports extreme flyers fioroni fly rc force forward industries fourmost products fox engines frsky ftw racing funtech futaba fx royal racing engines g-force technologies gaui gemfan gh racing ghea racing products gmade gmk supply go engine go professional gopro great planes gs racing guillow gws hakko hangar 9 hatori hayes products heli-max hexcrews hitec rcd hobao hobbico hobbyzone holmes hobbies horizon hobby hot bodies hpi hubsan hudy hyperion interstate batteries iwata airbrushes j1s designs jaco racing jammin products jb weld jconcepts jcs hobbies john's bsr racing jq products jr jr sport js models junsi k & s k factory k&s engineering kalmbach publishing co. kato usa, inc. kbdd international kde direct kimbrough products king headz ko propo kontronik kyosho lionel liverc losi lrp lucky 7 rc lunsford racing lutzrc lynx heli m.t.h. electric trains m2c racing manutech racing mascot precision tools master air screw mavrikk maximizer products mdw aviation associates, inc microheli midwest products co. miniatronics corp miniature aircraft mip mks model avionics model expo model power model products corporation model rectifier corporation morgan fuel motonica mrp ms heli muchmore racing mugen seiki mylaps next level ninco nine eagles novak novarossi nvision o'donnell o.s. engines ofna olfa products group outerwears outrage rc overdose racing paasche airbrush company pacer technology pactra panther products paragon parkzone parma pse parson products peak racing pegasus hobbies picco poise power hd power save racing poweredge powerup precision racing systems premier kites & designs pro boat pro-line racing proexotics protek r/c protoform pure-tech products puzzled quest aerospace racers edge radio control car action radio controlled models, inc. radiopost random heli ray's helitech rb products rc driver rc heli rc heli pilot rc lights rc logger rc screwz rc4wd rcproplus rd logics reckward tuning redcat racing reds racing revell-monogram revolectrix revolectrix batteries revolution revolution design racing products robart robinson racing robitronic rpm runtime games, ltd sab saito engines savox scanner rc schumacher products llc schumacher racing schuurspeed scorpion seagull serpent shepherd micro racing simstick skookum robotics sky-hero skyartec slinky science smacktalk rc spartan rc spaz stix speed passion spektrum sportwerks st racing concepts sullivan supertigre sworkz sxt racing synergy t.a emerald t.o.p racing products tactic tamiya team associated team durango team integy team losi racing team magic team orion team sorex team trinity tejera microsystems eng., inc. tekin tekno rc testors thd custom r/c products thunder power thunder tiger tko competition development tonys screws top flite tq wire trakpower traxxas tri-flow tru turn trueblood engineering tsa model tweezlight uhu upgrade r/c vanquish products vaterra venom power vess aero concepts, inc. viper r/c virtual rc vp/powermaster fuels vs tank weatherhawk products weller werks racing western robotics wiha william mark corporation wingtote wireless input, inc woodland scenics ws deans x factory x-acto xceed rc xray xtm racing xtreme racing xuron yokomo ys engines zd racing zdatum corporation zenoah zona tool company what's new? competition suspension hot bodies squared v-port piston set (blue) (4) $27.99 information knowledge base about us why shop with us? customer discounts discussion forums employment faq: cancelling orders faq: gift vouchers faq: pre order products faq: rewards points faq: wish list getting started: cars getting started: helis getting started: planes getting started: trucks guide to car/buggy kits how to use our site international shipping partner web sites payments accepted privacy notice product notices product returns protek r/c manuals shipping & returns shipping restrictions store locations terms of use from the ceo blog sponsorship requests team blog site map press releases contact us returns damaged package claims if you have received your order, and your package was damaged in transit, please contact us immediately (within 48 hours of receipt of your package). customers with damaged packages can file a claim directly with us. please complete our damaged package claim form and mail or fax it to us for review. please keep all packaging (box, packing paper, etc.) for verification purposes. we will most likely request that the damaged product(s) be shipped back to us for verification. a main hobbies may also require that photos be taken of damaged packages and or parts for inspection purposes. photos of damaged goods will help us expedite the process and provide a better resolution. lost package claims if you have not received your order, and feel your package may be lost, please contact us. all packages shipped by a main hobbies are insured for 100% of the package's value. if your package is in fact lost, we will either replace the package, credit your account for the full amount, or offer you a refund for the full amount of the order. before we can file a claim for a lost package, we must allow the u.s. postal service the full time allotted for delivery. here is the timetable for tracing lost packages: usps express mail - 10 business days from the day the order was shipped usps priority mail - 14 business days from the day the order was shipped usps first class mail - 21 business days from the day the order was shipped if your package was not delivered within the timeframes listed above, please complete a lost package claim form. please allow us 2-8 business days to contact the shipping carrier regarding your missing package. please do not open a paypal claim against the order, as this will further delay the process.  be happy with your purchase!  a main hobbies wants you to be completely satisfied with your shopping experience. if, for any reason, you don't like or change your mind about an item you purchased from a main hobbies, you may return new and unused merchandise (with original contents and packaging) within 30 days of the original purchase for store credit or a refund to the original payment method; refunds to the original payment method will be charged a restocking fee of 15% of the purchase price. note: a main hobbies is not responsible for return shipping, nor any fees associated with return shipping, unless the item is found to be damaged, defective, or incorrect. how to submit a repair request: a main hobbies offers a repair service for the following brands: ecopower; protek r/c and rb products. in order to setup a repair request, please take the following steps. contact a main hobbies to setup an rma number. you can reach us by phone, email and by livechat.once the rma number has been provided, please print out and complete the customer repair request formsend the completed customer repair request form, along with your product to a main hobbies warehouse.when a main hobbies receives your package, our return's associate will contact you for confirmation. for product repairs completed by a main hobbies, please allow two business days for inspection and testing of your returned product. after inspection and testing have been completed, we will verify warranty repair eligibility. if a main hobbies deems the needed repair is not covered under warranty you will be contacted with an estimate for repairs. upon your approval, repairs will be completed. if the repairs are covered under warranty, they will be completed as soon as possible. after inspection, testing and any required estimate approvals have been completed, the repair is usually completed within one business day. please take a moment to read our terms and conditions below. a main hobbies services international and domestic customersdo not return products containing fuel, lithium polymer batteries or other hazardous materials.all items should be packed to assure no damage is incurred during shipping. a main hobbies is not responsible for damage incurred during the shipping process, nor for packages shipped to, but not received by a main hobbies (lost in transit). please insure packages and avoid shipping methods of carriers that do not provide tracking.warranty only applies as described by the product manufacturer and on products accompanied by a dated proof of purchase.warranty service or replacement decisions are at the sole discretion of a main hobbies.collateral damage is not covered by manufacturer's warranty.all non-warranty services are charged a labor rate of $20.00 per hour, this does not includes the price of parts and shipping fees. these charges are the responsibility of the customer. nonpayment can result in confiscation of equipment. before a main hobbies performs any billable services, we will contact you with an estimate.when applicable, the customer is responsible for all brokerage fees, duties and taxes associated with the service and shipment of product.service will not be performed without your signature agreeing to the terms and conditions found on the customer service request form.please make sure to send your items, insured and trackable, to: a main hobbies-service 424 otterson drive, suite #160 chico, ca 95928   how to return merchandise to a main hobbies:   email, call, or live chat with one of our helpful customer service representatives. if you are contacting a main hobbies by email, please include your order number, the part numbers and quantities you would like to return, a brief explanation of why you are returning the item(s), and your preferred method of reimbursement. •  once your return has been approved, we will send you a copy of the return information form, which will include the rma (return merchandise authorization) number. please print this form and include it with your returned merchandise. •  for your convenience, the shipping address is included on the return information form. please cut out the address and attach it to the package. •  while packing the merchandise to return to a main hobbies, please use packing fillers inside the box to protect the items from damage during shipping. •  please insure any packages being returned to a main hobbies. in the event that the package becomes lost or damaged, the carrier will reimburse you for the merchandise. a main hobbies is not responsible for returned merchandise that is lost or damaged in transit.  •  a notification will be sent to the email address listed on your a main hobbies account when the refund has been applied, or the store credit is added to your account. please note: this may take 1-3 business days after the package has been received.  •  for product repairs fulfilled by a main hobbies, please allow an additional two business days for inspection and testing. additional notes: •  reward points credited used to purchase products are non-refundable. •  if you choose to refuse your package upon delivery, once we receive the package back to our store, we will refund your order minus any fees associated with your package. • for packages that arrived damaged, a-main hobbies may require photos of the package (and parts) for inspection purposes. these pictures will help expedite our internal process and provide a faster resolution. •  discounts applied to an order, such as coupon codes, will be divided evenly amongst any returned merchandise; a main hobbies lists the discounted price, along with the normal price, on the order invoice you receive from us. if you have any questions about the discounted price and how it's applied, please call customer service; we will be glad to help! •  rocket returns - please ship any rocket related returns usps parcel post. new, stringent shipping laws require special handling and additional costs when rockets are expedited. shipping parcel post will enable a main hobbies to process your return much faster.  you must contact us to receive an rma# (return merchandise authorization) before you return an item to us. you can reach us by telephone toll-free at 800-705-2215, or local/international callers can reach us at 530-894-0797, monday thru friday, 7 a.m. to 6 p.m. pacific standard time. please send returned product merchandise to:     a main hobbies     rma# (this is the number we give you)     424 otterson drive, suite 160     chico, ca 95928 usa  items excluded from our rma program: •  any item that has been used •  nitro fuel •  apparel that has been worn •  kits with a broken protective seal •  nitro engines (if fuel has entered the engine) •  vehicles that have been operated   defective merchandise   if you receive an item that is damaged or defective, please contact customer service immediately by phone, email, or live chat. every manufacturer's policy is different; in some situations, the manufacturer or supplier may prefer to handle the issue directly and a main hobbies will not be able to offer you a solution as per our business agreement. in any case, we will help you follow the proper channels in order to resolve the issue as quickly as possible. most manufacturers will repair or exchange defective products according to their warranty policies. if the manufacturer does not handle your claim to your satisfaction, please contact us and we will be happy to assist you. please note: a main hobbies reserves the right to refuse any merchandise that is found to be free of defects. the merchandise will be returned to you along with a copy of our testing results. continue shopping cart 0 items best sellers 01. aka racing 1/10 2wd buggy closed cell re... 02. aka racing 1/10 2wd buggy closed cell fr... 03. o'donnell #97t 1/8 off-road medium turbo... 04. protek r/c traxxas connector to t-style ... 05. team associated b5m team mid motor 2wd c... 06. e-flite 1s li-poly battery pack 25c (3.7... 07. mylaps personal rc4 hybrid direct powere... 08. protek r/c 4.0mm "super bullet" solid go... 09. schumacher "mini pin" 2.2 1/10 buggy rea... 10. protek r/c traxxas connector to t-style ... specials agama racing 2.5x6mm cap head screw (10) $5.49$4.99 reviews fast shipping, product arrived exactly as described. tires ... thursday, february 13, 2014 copyright © 2014 a main hobbies. all rights reserved.all original wording and photographs used on this website are the property of a main hobbies, and may not be used without prior written consent.