来源URL: https://web.archive.org/web/20090323073631/http://www.beyondtherack.com/index.php?n=20
================================================================================

beyond the rack™ - luxury brands at exclusive prices your browser does not appear to have javascript enabled. javascript is required in order to use this site. please enable javascript by setting the appropriate option in your browser's settings. tops & dresses at great pricesstarts mar 24 2009, 11:00 amfashions at up to 70% off retailstarts mar 24 2009, 11:00 amfabulous women's watchesstarts mar 25 2009, 11:00 amstunning eyewear at 50-70% offstarts mar 26 2009, 11:00 amfrequently asked questionsabout beyond the rack  |  credits - invite a friend  |  merchandising & shopping payment & processing  |  shipping & taxes  |  return policy about beyond the rack what is beyond the rack? beyond the rack is a private shopping club for men and women who want designer brands at prices up to 70% off retail. we work with major brands to hold limited-time sales that are open exclusively to our members. each sale starts at a specific time (usually noon) and typically lasts only 48 hours. after the sale ends the merchandise is no longer available. members are notified by email in advance of each upcoming sale according to their preferences. where do i see and buy the merchandise? all of our sales are held online only at www.beyondtherack.com. there is no physical location to view or try on the merchandise. do i have to pay for membership? membership for beyond the rack is free and open to anyone. we do, however, reserve the right to limit or delay access to any member for any reason. how do i invite a friend to become a member beyond the rack? membership is free and by invitation only. to offer your friends an invitation, please click on the invite friends tab found in the navigational bar at the top of your screen. how do i get notified about the events? you will receive email notifications prior to every event inviting you. each email will include the brand, date and time of the event. how long does each event last? each event typically lasts only 48 hours. you will no longer have access to any of the products in the sale after the sale is finished. you will have a 30-minute grace period at the end of each sale to complete any orders for any items already in your shopping cart. credits - invite a friend how does the invite a friend credit work? you earn a $10 shopping credit for every member that you invite that makes a first purchase on our site. there are no limits to the amount of credits that you can earn. these credits can be redeemed at any time during the checkout process and applied to any purchase. credits are only issued against new customers who are making their first purchase at beyond the rack. how do i invite a friend? if you would like to invite a friend to become a member, click on the invite a friend button located on every page. you can use our system to invite a single friend or invite a group of friends from your email directory. your friends will receive the invitation from beyond the rack with your name appearing in the subject line so they know it's coming from you. we also enable you to personalize the message. when do i get my credits? you will receive your credits 14 days after we ship to your invitee. do my credits expire? your credits expire 1 year after they issued. you will be notified by email if your credits are about to expire. are there any other rules about credits? please note that credits will not be issued to people living in the same address, using the same shipping address, or using the same credit card. the credits cannot be redeemed for cash and have no value outside of beyond the rack. if you invite a friend, and they return their first shipment, you will lose the credit for that client. we reserve the right to remove any member that has gathered credit through fraudulent activity. all credits will be forfeited in that event. merchandise & shopping how are the products chosen for each sale? our merchandising team works with our brand partners to select the best product assortment for a sale. how much am i saving by shopping at beyond the rack? every product listed in one of our sales is at savings of up to 70% off the suggested retail price. am i guaranteed to get the product that i chose? how quickly do i have to check out? when you save an item into your shopping cart, this item is reserved for you for the following 20 minutes. this should give you sufficient time to continue shopping and check out. a timer will tell you how much time you left. please leave yourself sufficient time to complete your checkout. since the demand for items in a sale can often exceed the available stock, we limit the amount the time that items can remain in shopping carts. do prices or quantities of goods change during a sale? our price remains the same for the entire sale. the quantities are limited and will decrease as they are purchased by other members. we do not replenish quantities. what is the wait list for? the wait list places you in line for an item that is sold-out should more stock becomes available. this may occur if we are able to get more stock from our suppliers. when you add yourself to the wait list, you will be notified by email when the product becomes available. once notified, you will have 20 minutes to purchase the item. after 20 minutes, the item will be offered to the next person on the waiting list. how many items can i place in my shopping cart? in order to ensure equal access to our goods, you may only place 10 items in your shopping cart at any given time. if you would like to buy more, please checkout and pay for these items prior to going back into the sale. can i view the products before a sale occurs? you will only be able to view the products for a sale once the sale starts. we recommend that you log on early to ensure you have the best choice of products, sizes and colors. how do we know that the merchandise is really from the designer? all of our merchandise comes directly from the manufacturer or importer. we guarantee 100% authenticity of all of our products. how do i know if what i buy will fit me? we provide an international sizing chart that will help you purchase products in your size. if you are unhappy with the size or fit of your product, please refer to beyond the rack's return policy. can i order by phone? in order to keep our prices their lowest, all purchases can only be made online through www.beyondtherack.com. payment and processing what forms of payment do you accept? we accept visa and mastercard what currency can i pay in and how does it charge my credit card? all items in the club are shown in u.s. dollars for all members, excluding canadians. if your credit card is not a u.s. card, then you will be charged an exchange rate set up by your credit card provider. we recommend that you find out the exchange rate prior to purchasing anything. for canadian accounts (as determined by your preferences set in the account management section), all prices are quoted in canadian dollars. once you have registered your country of residence, you are not able to change it. to request a change to this account setting, please use the contact form to get in touch with us. when is my credit card charged? our secure real-time ordering system will authorize your card the moment you place your order and a settlement (debit) will likely occur within 24 hours. are the transactions secure? protecting the safety of your credit card information is extremely important to us. we use secure sockets layer (ssl) technology to protect the security of your credit card information as it is transmitted to us. ssl is the gold standard in internet encryption technology, a highly sophisticated method of scrambling data as it travels from your computer to our website's servers. as an added security feature, we do not store your credit card data on our servers once the transaction is completed, so your information is not at risk of being stolen. can i be assured that my privacy will be protected? beyond the rack values its members and respects their privacy. we only collect customer information in an effort to improve your shopping experience and in order to communicate with you about our products, services, contests and promotions. we do not sell or rent your personal information to third parties. all promotional e-mails that we send have an easy unsubscribe feature that allows you to remove yourself from future mailings. what happens if i forget my login information? go to www.beyondtherack.com, and click on the 'forgot?' link beside the email address field. fill in the email address you provided during registration, and we will send an email to that address which contains the password hint we have on file. if you are still having trouble, please get in touch with us using the 'contact us' form at the bottom of the screen. who do i contact for billing or payment related questions? for payment or billing questions, please send us an e-mail at support@beyondtherack.com or call 1-514-637-7707 during weekdays between 9am to 5pm est. we will be happy to help. shipping & taxes where do you ship from and what are your shipping rates? we ship most us orders through a shipping consolidation warehouse in new york state. most canadian and international orders ship from our canadian warehouse in montreal, canada. shipping costs (in your local currency): usa - $9.95 canada - $11.95 international - zone a: $35.00 - austria, belgium, denmark, finland, france, germany, greece, hong kong, ireland, italy, japan, south korea, luxembourg, monaco, netherlands, northern ireland, norway, portugal, scotland, spain, sweden, united kingdom, wales international - zone b: $45.00 - australia, bahamas, bermuda, israel, jamaica, new zealand, taiwan, u.s. virgin islands. how long will it take to receive a shipment? you should receive your order within 3 -7 business days, depending on where you are located. a tracking number will be emailed to you after your order ships. this tracking number will allow you to check on the delivery status of your order. is my merchandise insured? beyond the rack insures all shipments against theft and accidental damage, at no cost to our members, up to shipments of $1,000. once the merchandise has been delivered and signed for, the insurance is no longer in effect. do i need to be home to receive the shipment beyond the rack requires a signature for receipt of goods on every purchase over $200. please provide a shipping address where someone can sign for the package. will i be charged sales tax? the sales tax charged depends on where you ask us to ship the order. see the table below for the tax rates in your area. united states: no sales tax charged. canada: quebec 5% gst + 7.5% qst canada: all other provinces 5% gst international a & b: brokerage, duties and taxes are the responsibility of member. will everything come in 1 shipment? due to the fact that beyond the rack has several warehouses, your merchandise may come in several shipments. you will be updated by email regarding the status of the shipments and how they are packaged. return policy what is your return policy? your satisfaction is important to us. we know that it is sometimes necessary to return or exchange an item and we want to make it easy. if you are not satisfied with your order, simply return it to us in its original condition within 14 days of receiving it and we will give you an account credit for the entire amount less shipping and handling charges. a credit will be applied once the merchandise has been received and inspected by our return processing center. in order to facilitate the credit promptly, beyond the rack requires that you: fill out the return authorization form, and follow the instructions for shipping. return the item in its original packaging (as sent to you) make sure that all hangtags, boxes, plastic bags, hangers, etc. are returned with the item. final sale items: there are several categories of merchandise for which we cannot accept returns. they include, but are not limited to: hosiery, intimates, swimwear, leathers and certain accessories. each item in our sale states whether the item is exchangeable for a credit. what is account credit? when a member returns merchandise, they receive a credit that can be applied to future purchases on our site. the member is credited for the entire cost of the purchase less the original shipping cost. we do not charge you a handling fee for your returns. who pays for the cost to ship the goods back? the member pays for the cost to ship the goods back. you are only required to ship the goods back by parcel post. (united states postal service or canada post) can i change my order or cancel it after i have placed it? you can cancel or modify your order up to 20 minutes after your order is placed and paid for. this is done to protect members from blocking merchandise from others. once your order is placed, you will receive a confirmation email/receipt. if you require any changes or modifications, just click on the modify or cancel link. if you choose to cancel the order after 20 minutes, our regular return policy applies. website time all times on our website are in eastern standard time (est) about beyond the rack  |  help/faqs  |  privacy & security  |  terms & conditions  |  contact us