来源URL: https://web.archive.org/web/20091228202412/http://www.cheaperthandirt.com:80/FAQs.aspx
================================================================================

cheaper than dirt - america's ultimate shooting sports discounter sign in | new customer | track order home search wizards contact us free catalog my account view my cart check out help search: all products cheaper than dirt firearms community ammunition ar-15 gear holsters scopes and optics freeads magazines shooting content and info forums item number: quick buy: ammunition handgun ammunition rifle ammunition shotgun ammunition rimfire ammunition ammo by manufacturer federal, remington, cci winchester, sellier & bellot hornady, speer, military see more ... weapons gear ar-15 gear, ak-47 m14, m1 garand, sks m1 carbine, 1911, h&k mini-14, 10/22, mini-30 glock, remington see more ... bipods and monopods magazines factory original magazines non-factory magazine pouches ear and eye protection gun cases gun cleaning gun parts barrels, chokes, stocks sights, pads. muzzle brakes see more ... gunsmithing and tools handgun grips holsters holster wizard search by carry position by manufacturer accessories knives by manufacturers fixed blades, folding blades bayonets, sharpeners, tools swords, throwing knives see more ... lasers lights molle gear military gear ammo cans, backpacks clothing, gear bags, mre see more ... scopes mount/ring search wizard cover search wizard by manufacturer by magnification red dot, bases, rings, covers optics police and tactical gear range gear reloading bullets, brass, pullers presses, case prep, dies see more ... slings speedloaders and pouches targets hunting supplies atv, camo gear decoys, game calls game feeders, scents seats and pads trail monitors and cameras see more ... black powder books and video camping and survival gear clothing airguns and soft air archery electronics gifts and everything else shopping cart 0 itemscart $0.00check out community freeads ffl dealers firearm training gun shows gun stores gunsmiths gun clubs hunting guides manufacturers shooting ranges shooting events forums blog content buy a gun articles videos pictures tech help you can chat online. get answers to your questions. shipping pay the fedex chart rate for freight from our warehouses to your door. for orders or inquiries new customer? click here to login or create an account. frequently asked questions (faqs) here are some of the questions we get most frequently. if you have other questions, send us your question here, email us directly at help@cheaperthandirt.com, or call us at 800-421-8047. why can't i create an account and/or complete or submit an order? how do i calculate shipping without creating an order? how do i log out of the web site? how long will it take to get my order? do you have a downloadable order form? is your price for a box of ammo or a case of ammo? do you take phone orders? if a product is out of stock, can i place a back order? do i need a special license to buy from cheaper than dirt? what forms of payment do you accept? can i pay by check? how much is shipping and handling? why do you want my credit card billing address? why do some items have no picture? how can i find out if you've received my order? how can i find out when my order was shipped? which internet browser works best with your site? can i add to an order once it's been submitted? why don't you ship internationally? why do some items appear twice and have two different prices and part numbers? how can i return items? how can i contact customer service for information regarding an order? what is my password and how do i get one? why do you use popup windows? i hate all the non-related advertising! i've been a long time customer that has placed all of my orders over the phone. do i have to create an account online to place orders using the website? do you have a retail store in fort worth, texas? do i pay sales tax on my order? top question: why can't i create an account and/or complete or submit an order? answer: to create an account or place an order on our site, your browser must be set to accept cookies. a cookie lets us recognize you the next time you fill out an order on our site. to prevent your personal information from being read by other web sites, our cookie is a unique, encrypted string that contains no personal information. you may purge our cookie from your browser at any time. however, you will have to receive a new cookie if you wish to place an order through our web site. while other sites may use your cookie for illegitimate purposes, cheaper than dirt uses it only as an aid to process your order. furthermore, make sure that ssl 3.0 is checkmarked (on) in your browser setting. this lets us encrypt all your personal and credit card information. without ssl 3.0, our order process cannot be completed or submitted. this is done to protect our customers and prevent hackers from obtaining information. lastly, older browsers frequently do not support javascript. we recommend internet explorer 7.0 or higher and firefox 3.0 or higher to place an online order. whether or not you encounter online ordering problems, you are welcome to call us at 800-421-8047 to place an order 24/7. top question: how do i calculate shipping without creating an order? answer: to calculate shipping without creating an order, first fill your shopping cart with items and on the shopping cart page type your zip code in the text box on the bottom left of the page and click the go button. available shipping rates will appear top question: how do i log out of the web site? answer: to log out from cheaperthandirt.com delete any cheaperthandirt.com cookies on your computer using your web browser. top question: how long will it take to get my order? answer: most items ship within 2 business days of the receipt of your order. some items ship from our drop-ship warehouse, so several boxes may come from different warehouses over a period of days. top question: do you have a downloadable order form? answer: yes. you can find it at order form. top question: is your price for a box of ammo or a case of ammo? answer: the ammo prices shown are "per box" unless otherwise indicated. we indicate how many boxes are in a case for those who prefer to order only case quantities. in most cases, there are no discounts for case quantities, so order just as much as you need. in some instances, we sell a brick of ammo or a case of ammo. these products will be clearly marked as being a larger quantity! during some sale periods, we offer discounts for buying an entire case of ammo, although it can also be purchased by the box. the per-box price for a full case will be clearly marked on these items. top question: do you take phone orders? answer: yes. call 800-421-8047 to place your order 24/7. customer service is available monday-friday 8am - 7pm central time at 800-559-0943. top question: if a product is out of stock, can i place a back order? answer: yes, we take back orders for regularly stocked items. we do not take back orders for products that are one-time special purchases or those with five-digit numeric item/product numbers. there will be a special note on product pages that allow back ordering. to place a back order (up to 30 days), click the "add to cart" button on the product page. if we can't ship the product within 30 days, the product order will be cancelled. your credit card will not be billed for a back-ordered item until it ships. you will be charged an additional, separate shipping charge to send your back-ordered product. top question: do i need a special license to buy from cheaper than dirt? answer: no. most of our products are intended for adult use, and buyers must be at least 21. with some products, such as ammunition, a waiver and age statement may be required. top question: what forms of payment do you accept? answer: we accept amex, discover, mastercard, visa, personal checks, cashier's checks and money orders. top question: can i pay by check? answer: yes. by sending your check, you are authorizing ctd, inc. to make a one-time electronic debit from your account. this electronic debit will be for the face amount of your check; no additional amount will be added to this transaction for this electronic debit. if we cannot collect your electronic payment, we will issue a draft against your account instead. if you prefer not to have your check converted to an electronic debit, you may use other methods of payment listed on the order form. please note: checks returned unpaid by your financial institution are subject to a service charge of $25 or the maximum fee allowed by law. checks returned for insufficient or uncollected funds, together with service charges, may be debited electronically from your account or collected using a bank draft drawn from your account by certegy check services, inc. top question: how much is shipping and handling? answer: pay by credit card and receive square deal shipping. air orders will be shipped within 36 hours. this offer includes a $2.99 charge for packaging protection to ensure your order is carefully inspected and packaged. if your order is lost in transit or arrives damaged, we will cheerfully correct the problem. top question: why do you want my credit card billing address? answer: the address where you receive your credit card bill is the shipping address we prefer to use. a person who uses a stolen credit card has products shipped to an address other than your billing address. but, if we use only your billing address for shipping, we can help prevent credit card fraud. top question: why do some items have no picture? answer: we sell over 16,000 products. it's quite a task to get pictures for all of them. please bear with us as we do this. top question: how can i find out if you've received my order? answer: after you complete your purchase, you'll get a page that shows your web order number. we'll also email a confirmation to you, so be sure to enter your correct email address when placing an order. top question: how can i find out when my order was shipped? answer: check the status of your shipment by logging into your account. when you're logged in, click on "review previous orders," and click "yes" under "track." if your order has already shipped via fedex, it will have the date shipped and the tracking number. clicking on the tracking number will take you to the fedex site for current shipping status. if you have a recent order and there is no tracking information, the order is still being processed. top question: which internet browser works best with your site? answer: we use javascripting and ssl 3.0 (secure socket layer) technology for encrypted data surfing. browsers that support these functions are netscape communicator 3.01 or later, microsoft internet explorer 4.0 or later and firefox 2.x or later. our web designers use internet explorer 8.0 and firefox 3.5 and we recommend either of these two browsers for the best shopping experience.click here to download the latest internet explorer browser.click here to download the latest google chrome browser.click here to download the latest firefox browser.click here to download the latest safari browser. top question: can i add to an order once it's been submitted? answer: no. you'll have to place another order. orders are sent immediately to the warehouse for fulfillment, and it would be impossible to find and pull your order out of the thousands we get every day. top question: why don't you ship internationally? answer: in some countries, it's illegal to own military surplus items - even if they originated there! it would be impossible to keep up with all the laws in other countries to determine if a product - surplus or otherwise - can be shipped there legally. because we don't send products internationally, we won't mail our catalog outside the us. top question: why do some items appear twice and have two different prices and part numbers? answer: in a few cases, we have inventory from two vendors. the identical item may have two different part numbers and prices. if you see such an item, please drop us an email with the part numbers so we can correct it. top question: how can i return items? answer: you can return most items within 30 days as long as they are in salable condition. however, the following are not returnable: night-vision products, airguns, black-powder guns, ammunition, food, irregular clothing and most military surplus items. to make a return, go to the product return form. top question: how can i contact customer service for information regarding an order? answer: email us at customerservice@cheaperthandirt.com or, click on the email us link on the top and bottom of our pages. also, you may call 800-559-0943, 8am to 7pm monday - friday, central time. top question: what is my password and how do i get one? answer: you create a password when you sign up on our site and create an account. at that time, you'll be asked to enter a password of your choice (name of your wife, dog, friend or other words). if you forget your password, our site will send it to your email account on your request. top question: why do you use popup windows? i hate all the non-related advertising! answer: we only use popup windows on our website to let our customers know when we're running specials or providing additional info. if you're experiencing a lot of popups, you may be at one of our affiliate's websites. let us know which affiliate is using popup ads, and we'll contact them. however, there's no guarantee that we'll be able to stop them from using the popups. top question: i've been a long time customer that has placed all of my orders over the phone. do i have to create an account online to place orders using the website? answer: yes you must create an online account because phone-in order accounts are in a different database. the website doesn't know who you are and you'll need to create a website account. top question: do you have a retail store in fort worth, texas? answer: cheaperthandirt.com is a catalog company and online retailer only. ctd outdoor adventures is a separate company with a retail store located in north fort worth, texas. ctd outdoor adventures carries many of the same products (those products where the part number starts with a letter) as cheaperthandirt.com. top question: do i pay sales tax on my order? answer: sales tax will be applied to purchases shipped to locations in texas. tax will not be added to an order being shipped outside of texas. if you are a business and are exempt from sales tax, please fax your texas sales and use certificate to us at 800-596-5655. if you do not have the certificate, call us at 800-421-8047, and we can provide one to you. please complete the certificate and ensure that the following information is listed: name of business or organizationaddress of business or organizationtexas sales or use tax permit numberdescription of items your business or organization may purchase from ctd (ie. ammunition, blankets, mags, etc.)description of your business activity or type of items normally soldyour signature and date failure to fully complete the form will result in a delay in filing your tax exempt status. our guarantee | return policy | change account information | privacy policy | government sales | order a catalog | forums join our e-mail list | shipping information | gift certificates | tech help | commission sales | hot new items closeouts | ask a question | how to order | track order | mail order form | faqs | terms of use © 2009 copyright, entire contents by ctd, inc. cheaper than dirt! is a registered trademark of direct investments, ltd. all rights reserved this website is best viewed with internet explorer 7.0 and firefox 3.0 with a screen resolution of 1024 x 768 or higher.