来源URL: https://web.archive.org/web/20111231011938/http://www.cheaperthandirt.com/blog/
================================================================================

the shooter's log the shooter's log january 1, 2012 new year and new firearm resolutions filed under: true stories — tags: resolutions — ctd rob @ 12:01 am cheaper than dirt took an office poll on friday and asked our staff of gun experts what their firearm new year’s resolutions are for 2012. we thought we would share a few of the better ones with you. do you know what your firearm or shooting resolutions are for 2012? comment below and let us know! ctd david and mike both said they want to get in fighting shape this year. mike told me that having thousands of dollars worth of gear to carry around in a shtf scenario would do him no good if he’s out of breath after 100 yards of running and gunning. they also want the ability to have a strong grip, control recoil, and move faster. this is a resolution that many of us should probably consider. i’ll just tell the wife i’m getting in shape for her, not my guns. ctd casey says he wants to be as practical as he can be. each firearm needs to have a purpose, and there is no need for two or three of the same thing. while he is correct, technically, there is no immediate need; but some of us like to have backups for our backups anyway. ctd ben and brett say they finally want a suppressor. i hope they get one, that way i can borrow their guns and have a blast at the range. ctd martin has three resolutions, besides the obvious one, which is to go and shoot more, he wants to buy a new firearm, and take at least one person shooting who has never shot before. this is an excellent idea. i think we all need to take a noob out to shoot at least once this year. ctd suzanne has a few goals in mind as well. she says she wants to become a better shot with a pistol, build her first .223 ar platform rifle, specifically an sbr, and go hunting for the first time. i think i can help her out with at least two of those. ctd chris has an awesome list. he wants to buy an m1 garand (agreed), a .22 suppressor, build an ammo fort, buy a .308 platform rifle, and buy a few more 9×18 pistols. i think ctd chris must make more than i do. so tell us what your firearm resolutions are for 2012. we only have 12 months until the mayans say we are all kaput. you might want to get a few things out of the way before the fall of civilization. enjoy yourselves this year out there and be safe! comments (1) december 31, 2011 survival saturday: the machines will fail you filed under: preparedness,survival — tags: apocalypse, compass, disaster, gps, hurricanes, preparation, survival, technology — ctd rob @ 4:00 am i love technology. i’m a gadget freak, and i keep my thumb on the pulse of popular electronics and trends in the tech industry. when my friends and family have a question regarding anything that has batteries or plugs into the wall, i’m usually the first person on speed dial. i was born with what some non-techie types call a supernatural ability to look at a computer or other device and tell you not only what is wrong with it, but also how to fix it. nevertheless, i have recently become aware that relying on even proven technology has the potential to be disastrous. industry players have coined the phrase “death by gps” to explain the over reliance on technology to help us function in daily life. as an aspiring survivalist, i have concluded that while technology can and does make our lives easier, we must teach our younger generation the old ways. these ways don’t require a battery or a satellite orbiting the planet to function properly. gps gps the global positioning system is a marvel of modern technology and convenience. while it does usually work quite well, remember that it doesn’t always work flawlessly. if you are in a bug out situation, your best bet is a compass and a map. no matter how busy the wireless network traffic is in your area, a compass and map will always work. it doesn’t require batteries, and in the right hands, is more accurate than any civilian gps system on the market. in the news, there are many cases where motorists, led by their trusty gps systems, were found weeks later off the beaten path, some alive, some dead. if you are in a snowed in area, or a remote road that isn’t paved, you may find yourself taking a wrong turn and not being able to get back. relying on these devices is fine in some cases, but don’t follow them blindly, and always have a backup plan that doesn’t involve a space based orbital device that you have no control over. communications hurricane katrina be prepared for a loss in communications. during my time in the military, i deployed to several large-scale emergencies, including hurricane katrina. when the choppers landed in new orleans, i wasn’t surprised to see that my cell phone was not working. the storm devastated the cell phone network infrastructure, so we relied on crummy radios and runners for communication. eventually text messaging began working, and we were able to get messages home with ease, but this took weeks in some areas. for those left behind in the wake of the storm, outside news was impossible to receive. some were fortunate enough to have wind up radios to listen to broadcasts, and this saved some lives. just remember that when the shtf, your fancy little andriod, iphone or blackberry is going to become an expensive paperweight. domestic life clothes dry just fine outside if you find yourself bugged in, such as in a blizzard or heavy storm, be ready to prepare food without power. in such situations, electrical power is usually the first thing to go. if you have a generator, you are lucky, but you can’t run your entire home off of a generator. modern appliances such as dryers, stoves, refrigerators, and ovens can’t always run off of a small generator. your best bet, especially if your emergency becomes long-term, is to learn to prepare food, wash clothes, and light your home without the use of external power. a fireplace with a cast iron dutch oven is an extremely useful tool in a no power scenario. i spent some time deployed to bosnia a few years ago; we washed our clothes in buckets and hung them up to dry on 550 chord clothes lines. i have to admit, at first i considered this a primitive chore, and was annoyed by the lack of conveniences. being born in the early 80s, i have never lived in a world without a washer and dryer. those of you from the previous generation are probably chuckling right now, but go ask someone in their early 30s if they ever hung their clothes up outside to dry, your answer will probably be no. it is important to teach our kids the old ways of doing things, not because of some nostalgic urge to preserving our heritage, but to ensure their well-being in the case of the world going awry. we built a top-heavy society that relies on technological marvels. anything top-heavy is easy to tip over. a well-placed emp device or a serious storm can cripple those who don’t know how to get by without their toys. if you come from a world where you know how to get by without the microchip, i encourage you to share your knowledge with the younger generation, and ensure that when the shtf, we don’t end up lost like a busted gps. comments (0) spankin new guns of 2011 filed under: firearms,reviews — tags: 2011, 7.62, 9mm, century international arms, cm9, concealed carry, db9, diamondback, firearms, kahr, lc9, reviews, ruger, saiga — ctd rob @ 12:42 am we all like new guns. we like to hold them, look at them, and judge them. since the new year is upon us, we decided to list some of our favorite guns of 2011. all in all, it was a very good year for firearms. manufacturers came up with some models that will be around for a long time to come. so here are our favorites, in no particular order. ruger lc9 ruger lc9 the ruger lc9 is a double action only, hammer fired, locked-breech pistol with a smooth trigger pull. the lc9’s nestles itself in the hand very well with it’s excellent ergonomics. the main appeal to this pistol is however, is it’s small frame, which is easily concealable. a number of advanced features, other than size are also apparent. the magazine is able to hold seven rounds, with an additional cartridge in the chamber. the 3-dot sights are adjustable, and the gun features a manual safety, in addition to the double action trigger pull. the ruger lc9 also features smooth “melted” edges for ease of holstering, carrying, and drawing. shooters can accomplish control and confident handling of the ruger lc9 through reduced recoil and aggressive frame checkering, for a positive grip in all conditions. this is an excellent, affordable option for a defensive, concealed carry handgun. like it? buy it! diamondback db9 diamondback db9 diamondback db9 semi-automatic double action only subcompact 9mm luger handgun with a 2.8″ barrel, 6 round capacity, black polymer frame, blued slide and fixed sights. diamondback firearms released the db9 mid 2011. this amazing little firearm is a micro-compact 9mm automatic pistol made entirely in the usa. designed with safety in mind, the db9 features a “zero-energy” striker firing system (patent pending) with a mechanical firing pin block, a steel magazine catch to secure a sheet metal magazine and real windage-adjustable sights, all in a lightweight pistol. a steel trigger with dual connecting bars allows for a crisp smooth, five-pound dao trigger pull. the db9 features a fea (finite element analysis) designed slide and barrel that is stronger than any comparable firearm, resulting in durability with less felt recoil, and the absence of removable pins or tools makes field stripping very easy. diamondback coated the slide, barrel, and internal parts to resist corrosion, making this pistol a lifetime investment, and perfect choice for concealed carry. like it? buy it! kahr cm9 kahr cm9 kahr holds six patents protecting the unique design features of their pistols. the cm9 is a striker fired sub-compact with a six round magazine. because of its asymmetric feed ramp design (that’s one patent right there) the cm9 is only .9 inches wide, yes that’s less than an inch. despite a short overall length of only 5.42 inches, the barrel is still 3 inches long, providing good accuracy. the trigger has a very smooth, light double action feel. the cnc machined 416 stainless steel slide houses the drift-adjustable, white bar-dot combat sights, which the eye easily picks up for rapid target acquisition. the cm9’s frame is made of polymer for lightness, but it still strong enough that the kahr polymer framed guns enjoy a great reputation for durability. the cm9 stands out as a beautifully crafted, trustworthy, and tiny 9mm that is easily hidden, yet easy to shoot. kahr’s excellent reliability record gives peace of mind to owners who need a concealable gun they can trust when people’s lives are on the line. like it? buy it! century international arms saiga semi auto rifle century international arms saiga semi auto rifle i know this isn’t a compact pistol, but it sure is a cool gun. this is an original russian saiga rifle converted to more of the original ak look! the ruskies put the trigger group in the “right” place and century added a standard ak type buttstock and pistol grip. this gun is fully 922r compliant while retaining the original russian chrome lined barrel! luckily, this guy uses easy to find ak-47 magazines thanks to the slightly modified mag well. no proprietary annoyances for you sir! the specs are pretty standard as well. it features a 30 round magazine, a 16.25 inch barrel, which makes the gun 35.5 inches overall. it weighs in at 8.05 pounds and shoulders like a dream. if you want a reliable 7.62×39 battle rifle that will cycle every time, then this will do the job perfectly! like it? buy it! comments (0) december 30, 2011 what goes up must come down filed under: safety,training — tags: ar-15, ar15, cheaper than dirt, firearms, guns, safety — ctd ben @ 6:38 am don't be a moron, be safe! what goes up must come down. at first, this may seem like a ridiculously obvious comment, made by captain obvious. however, there are far too many people in the world who are not familiar with the concept. i have undeniable proof of this. gun safety is not something to take lightly, at all, in any way. i mean it. just because you live in the suburbs of a major city, or perhaps all the way out in “the countryside,” you are not somehow magically immune to some, or all, of the laws of physics. you really aren’t. i promise. july 3, 2011, my wife, my dog, and i were on our way back home from watching a fireworks show with some friends. i already had the steering wheel turned to pull in to our driveway, when the back windshield shattered. it looked as if a bullet had gone through the window. i checked the interior of the car for bullet holes and saw nothing. there was very little glass inside or outside the car (thank you, window tint!), but i did find a small hole in the back dashboard, right under the hole in the glass. this indicated that the bullet had come from an angle perpendicular to the ground. i checked the trunk and saw the 9mm 115 grain fmj just sitting there. unfortunately, this type of irresponsible behavior is more common than most people seem to realize. many people have been seriously injured or killed because of such carelessness. a simple internet search for “celebratory gunfire” will give over 50,000 results. the most recent example, as of this writing, was from december 15, 2011, in ohio. the mythbusters performed tests on this subject (episode 50: “bullets fired up”). based on the data they collected, they found that it is potentially dangerous behavior. they were able to confirm two separate instances of bullets striking humans upon returning to the ground. depending on where you are when you shoot a gun into the air, it may be totally legal, a misdemeanor, or a felony. in texas, for example, the law regards random gunfire as a class b misdemeanor, punishable by up to a year in jail and a $4 thousand dollar fine. if you hurt anyone or anything, the courts could charge you with a felony. in arizona, random gunfire is automatically a felony. this is because of shannon’s law, which legislators enacted in 2000. this was in response to the 1999 incident, where a stray bullet killed 14-year-old shannon smith. probably not worth it, huh? regardless of the law, what you think is “cool,” or even if it is an “accident,” shooting guns into the air is reckless and breaks more than one of the “firearms safety rules.” shooting firearms is a lot of fun, when executed properly, it is one of the safest sports. let’s try to keep it that way. comments (0) big honkin’ revolvers filed under: firearms,handguns,reviews,revolvers — tags: .357 magnum, .44 remington magnum, .45-70 revolver, dirty harry gun, magnum research bfr, ruger new model super blackhawk, s&w .500, s&w 29, taurus 608 — ctd suzanne @ 12:01 am they don’t call these bad boys hand cannons for nothing. s&w model 500 revolver .500 s&w s&w model 500 revolver .500 s&w this is definitely the granddaddy of all big honkin’ revolvers. smith & wesson says it is the “most powerful production revolver in the world today.” i asked the guys around the office if any of them have shot the .500 s&w and of course ctd mike speaks up: “yes. i held on very tightly.” i have no shame in saying that i have not tried the smith & wesson 500, although i haven’t had the chance anyway. historically, s&w pushes the envelope in developing big handgun calibers, but since the 1960s, the .454 casull overshadowed them. s&w unveiled the .500 s&w in 2007 and cor-bon made the round. they designed it for north american heavy, dangerous game. a hunter reportedly used a .500 s&w to shoot the controversial “pigzilla.” as the story goes, 11-year old jamison stone shot the pig nine times before getting a kill shot. like it? want it? buy it! ruger new model super blackhawk .44 remington magnum ruger new model super blackhawk .44 remington magnum outdoor life named the ruger super blackhawk one of the 50 best guns ever made. the movie dirty harry made the s&w model 29 and the .44 remington magnum calibers a hot commodity in 1970s. ruger’s super blackhawk was the more affordable answer to those who didn’t want to fork out the cash for the model 29. ruger released the original single-action blackhawk revolver in 1955, with the .44 magnum versions becoming available in 1956. the “new model” ruger revolvers incorporated new safety features and started production in 1973. in 2000, ruger introduced a new action and steel injector housing to the ruger new super blackhawk. it has a ginormous 10-1/2 inch barrel, making the ruger new model super blackhawk a whopping 16-5/8 inches overall. it holds six rounds with western-style rosewood grips and a ramp front and adjustable rear sights. like it? want it? buy it! taurus model 608 .357 magnum taurus model 608 .357 magnum the .357 magnum caliber isn’t as a hard-hitter as the .44 magnum or the .500 s&w, but it ain’t no wuss either. the taurus model 608 holds eight rounds of this massive caliber as well! the 608 revolver features an eight-inch ported barrel. the porting helps reduce recoil and muzzle climb. the taurus model 608 has a large steel frame and black rubber grips for comfortable shooting. there is a fixed front and an adjustable rear sight. like it? want it? buy it! magnum research bfr .45-70 gvt magnum research bfr .45-70 gvt a caliber usually found in lever-action, big game hunting revolvers, magnum research’s bfr (big freakin’ revolver) is a stupid big anti-bear cannon. originally made by springfield armory, the .45-70 government has been around since 1873. the .45-70 government is an excellent north american big game caliber, as it the round has a somewhat low velocity. it has also been popular with hunters who have the opportunity to hunt in africa. the magnum research bfr in .45-70 has a 10-inch barrel and an overall length of 17.5 inches. it comes with a scope mount and fixed front and an adjustable rear sight. like it? want it? buy it! s&w model 29 classic revolver .44 magnum s&w model 29 classic revolver .44 magnum originally, when i started this post, i purposely was going to leave out the s&w model 29. however, i concluded that it wasn’t fair to exclude the one revolver that started the whole stinkin’ big revolver thang. so here it is, dirty harry’s “go ahead make my day” s&w model 29, .44 magnum revolver. like it? want it? buy it! comments (0) older posts » shooter's loghome page search search for: connect with us! follow this blog get e-mail updates january 2012 s m t w t f s « dec 1234567 891011121314 15161718192021 22232425262728 293031 blogroll borepatch gun nuts media marooned papa delta bravo say uncle sharp as a marble survival blog the view from north central idaho view from the porch pages about cheaper than dirt! buyer’s guides budget pistols entry level bolt action rifles pocket .380 pistols faq 1911 faq ak-47 faq ar-15 faq beretta 92 faq glock faq h&k 91/cetme faq m1 carbine faq m1 garand faq m14/m1a faq mauser k98 faq mosin nagant faq remington 870 faq ruger .22 pistol faq ruger 10/22 faq ruger mini 14 faq sks faq military manuals m16 class rifle m2 class machine gun – the “ma deuce” .50bmg m240 g class machine gun m249 class “saw” machine gun the appleseed project wallpaper ar-10 with eotech ar-15 .22lr upper bushnell scope les baer and tap ammunition px4 storm wilson cqb and hornady wallpaper meta register log in entries rss comments rss wordpress.org log archives		 select month january 2012 december 2011 november 2011 october 2011 september 2011 august 2011 july 2011 june 2011 may 2011 april 2011 march 2011 february 2011 january 2011 december 2010 november 2010 october 2010 september 2010 august 2010 july 2010 june 2010 may 2010 april 2010 march 2010 february 2010 january 2010 december 2009 november 2009 october 2009 september 2009 august 2009 july 2009