来源URL: https://web.archive.org/web/20211229132056/https://www.cheaperthandirt.com/customer-service/contact-us/faqs.html
================================================================================

faqs ani8lfqsftajnapsite turnto.com due to inclement weather, please expect extended order processing and shipping times. our texas-based warehouse and shipping partners are working to catch up quickly. america's ultimate shooting sports discounter search field desktop menu wishlist login 0 cart 0 back close firearms shop all handguns shop all handguns by brand handguns by caliber bolt-action break-action and single shot lever-action revolvers semi-automatic rifles shop all rifles by brand rifles by caliber ar lower receivers black powder bolt-action break-action and single shot lever-action revolver semi-automatic slide-action/pump shotguns shop all shotguns by brand shotguns by caliber bolt-action lever action over/under pump semi-automatic side by side single-shot tactical shop all tactical by brand ar-15 rifles ar-15 and ak-47 pistols handguns rifles shotguns ammunition shop all popular calibers shop all .22 lr ammo .223 rem/5.56 nato ammo .357 magnum ammo .308 winchester ammo .380 acp ammo .38 special ammo .30-30 winchester ammo .30-06 springfield ammo .45 acp ammo 7.62x39mm ammo 9mm ammo 12 gauge ammo all ammo calibers popular manufacturers shop all american quality armscor bear ammo cci ammunition federal premium ammunition fiocchi ammunition hornady manufacturing liberty ammunition pmc prvi partizan remington arms company tulammo winchester ammunition all ammo brands handgun ammo shop all handgun ammo by brand handgun ammo by caliber rifle ammo shop all rifle ammo by brand rifle ammo by caliber shotgun ammo shop all shotgun ammo by brand shotgun ammo by gauge blanks dummies and snap caps rimfire subsonic parts & accessories shop all parts for popular models shop all ar-15 ar-10 ak-47 sks 1911 10/22 fal s&w m&p glock springfield xd mini-14 ammo cans and boxes bipods, tripods & monopods cheek risers holsters lasers lights magazines misc pistol braces scopes & optics shotgun choke tubes sights slings speedloaders & mag loaders suppressor parts universal handgun grips gun cases parts by gun model gun care hunting gear range gear survival gear more products airguns, airsoft archery backpacks & bags black powder books, dvds camping & outdoors clothing electronics fishing gifts knives & blades molle & tactical gear reloading self defense & police gear water sports login locate ffl wishlist search field mobile shop clearance shop new arrivals shop all departments home customer service faqs faqs 01. how do i calculate shipping on an order? 02. how long will it take to get my order? 03. is your price for a box of ammo or a case of ammo? 04. if a product is out of stock, can i place a back order? 05. do i need a special license to buy from cheaper than dirt? 06. what forms of payment do you accept? 07. can i save my credit card for future orders? 08. can i pay by check? 09. why do some items have no picture? 10. how can i find out if you’ve received my order? 11. how can i find out when my order was shipped? 12. how do i place an order? 13. can i cancel or add to an order once it’s been submitted? 14. why don’t you ship internationally? 15. how can i return an item? 16. how can i contact customer service for information regarding an order? 17. i forgot my password. how do i recover it? 18. do you have a retail store? 19. do i pay sales tax on my order? 20. do you accept purchase orders? answers 01. how do i calculate shipping on an order? you can calculate shipping on an order before checking out by following these easy steps: 1. add items to your shopping cart. 2. click the shopping cart icon on the top right of the page. 3. below the list of items in your cart, enter the zip code that the order is shipping to and click ‘submit.’ a drop down list of available shipping options and rates will be displayed. back to top 02. how long will it take to get my order? due to the high volume of orders we have received, your order may take 3-5 days to ship from time of purchase, excluding firearms. firearms may take up to 7 days to ship. depending on your order, items may ship from multiple warehouses and boxes may arrive over a period of days to complete your order. back to top 03. is your price for a box of ammo or a case of ammo? the ammo prices shown are “per box” unless otherwise indicated in the description. we indicate how many boxes you will need to order for those who prefer to order only case quantities. in most cases, there are no discounts for case quantities, so order just as much as you need. in some instances, we sell only in bricks or cases of ammo. these products will be clearly marked as being a larger quantity. back to top 04. if a product is out of stock, can i place a back order? at this time we are not accepting back orders for out of stock items, but you can request to be emailed when the item comes back in stock by entering your email on the out-of-stock product's page. back to top 05. do i need a special license to buy from cheaper than dirt? no. most of our products are intended for adult use, and buyers must be at least 21. with some products, such as ammunition, a waiver and age statement will be required for first time purchasers. for illinois customers purchasing ammunition, a copy of your current drivers license and firearm owner ’s identification card are required before we can ship the order. for new jersey customers purchasing ammunition, a copy of your current drivers license and firearms purchaser id card are required before we can ship the order. for connecticut customers purchasing ammunition, a copy of your current drivers license or connecticut ammo certificate, pistol permit, or long gun certificate are required before we can ship the order. back to top 06. what forms of payment do you accept? we accept american express, discover, mastercard, and visa. back to top 07. can i save my credit card for future orders? yes. simply check the "save this credit card" box during checkout, and the next time you order you will be able to select the saved card from a drop-down menu instead of typing in the information again. when you save your credit card information to your cheaper than dirt! account for future purchases and a quicker checkout, our site only stores the bank-level secure token provided from our payment processor. when you purchase an item, your purchase is sent securely with your token back to our processor to complete the transaction. a token is a randomized series of digits created by the payment processor when credit card or similar form of payment is received. this token cannot be translated back into its original information by anyone except the payment processor. this is a more secure way to purchase online! to further secure payment information, each token created for this site is only associated with this site—a token cannot be used to make a purchase through another retailer. back to top 08. can i pay by check? yes, we do accept personal checks, money orders and cashier checks. however the shipping of your order may be delayed up to 3 weeks to allow for the processing and clearing of the check. back to top 09. why do some items have no picture? we currently sell over 200,000 products. it's quite a task to get pictures for all of them. please bear with us as we do this and ensure they are as correct as possible. back to top 10. how can i find out if you’ve received my order? after you complete your purchase, a confirmation page will be displayed with your web order number and order information. we'll also email a confirmation to you, so be sure to enter your correct email address when placing an order. back to top 11. how can i find out when my order was shipped? you can check the status of your shipment by first logging into your account. once you're logged in, click on "my account" and then "order history". select the order number you wish to track. if your order has shipped, it will have show the date shipped and the tracking number. if you have a recent order and there is no tracking information, the order is still being processed. back to top 12. how do i place an order? place your order anytime 24 hours per day, 7 days a week on our website; www.cheaperthandirt.com. back to top 13. can i cancel or add to an order once it’s been submitted? orders are sent immediately to the warehouse for fulfillment, and shipping of your order, therefore we are not able to cancel or add items to your order once you have placed it. back to top 14. why don’t you ship internationally? due to evolving government regulations and to keep our prices as low as we can, we only accept and ship orders within the united states. we do not accept or ship orders to u.s. territories or other countries back to top 15. how can i return an item? if you’re not satisfied with your order, you may return most items within 90 days of purchase to receive a refund, credit or replacement. firearms, ammunition, and food are not returnable or refundable; all sales are final. please email us or use our live chat (monday-friday 8am to 5pm, central time) feature to obtain a return authorization number and receive a prepaid ups label back to top 16. how can i contact customer service for information regarding an order? use our live chat monday through friday 8 am to 5 pm cst. you can also reach us by phone at (800) 421-8047 monday through friday 8 am to 5 pm cst. back to top 17. i forgot my password. how do i recover it? please click the “forgot your password?” link. it will walk you through the process to recover your password. back to top 18. do you have a retail store? cheaper than dirt is an internet company allowing customers to shop anytime from the comfort of their home. to keep prices as low as possible, we do not have a retail store. back to top 19. do i pay sales tax on my order? sales tax disclaimer sales tax tax is charged for orders shipped to u.s. states where sales taxes are applicable.  the amount of tax charged is based on current tax rates and will depend on the destination of the shipment. gift cards are not charged sales tax, but purchases paid for with gift cards may be subject to tax. alabama ctd, inc. has collected the simplified sellers use tax on taxable transactions delivered into alabama and the tax will be remitted on the customer’s behalf to the alabama department of revenue. ctd, inc.’s simplified seller’s use tax account number is ssu-r010836424. back to top 20. do you accept purchase orders? if you are a federal or state law enforcement agency, please email agencysales@cheaperthandirt.com for more information. back to top customer service contact us rma request faqs our story our guarantee shipping info careers return policy privacy policy terms of use your security is our priority our guarantee shopping with us is absolutely safe - you never have to worry about credit card safety when shopping here... more about guarantee sign up & save email sign up find local ffl dealers connect with us facebook page facebook page (hover) twitter page twitter page (hover) instagram page instagram page (hover) youtube page youtube page (hover) shop handguns rifles shotguns ammo parts & accessories shop all brands gift card sales & clearance customer service contact us track order return policy shipping info faqs rma request firearm sales form how to buy a gun online stay connected blog: the shooter's log videos ffl dealers knowledge center rebate central rewards program history of ar-15 company info our story our guarantee accessibility privacy policy terms of use site map current promotion careers orant charities © 2022 copyright, entire contents by ctd, inc. cheaper than dirt! and the cheaper than dirt symbol are registered trademarks of direct investments ltd.all rights reserved × we use cookies on this site to improve your experience. accept privacy policy