来源URL: https://web.archive.org/web/20231231035007/https://www.cheaperthandirt.com/customer-service/privacy-policy/privacy-policy.html
================================================================================

privacy policy - customer service-cheaper than dirt ani8lfqsftajnapsite turnto.com skip to main content america's ultimate shooting sports discounter search compare wishlist login cart back firearms show submenu for firearms handguns handguns by brand handguns by caliber semi-automatic revolvers lever-action break-action & single shot bolt-action rifles rifles by brand rifle by caliber ar lower receivers semi-automatic bolt-action lever-action break-action & single shot revolver side-action/pump shotguns shotguns by brand shotguns by gauge semi-automatic pump over/under side by side single-shot bolt-action lever-action tactical tactical by brand tactical by caliber ar-15 rifles ar-15 and ak-47 pistols handguns rifles shotguns black powder black powder by brand black powder long guns black powder handguns ammunition show submenu for ammunition handgun ammo shop all handgun ammo handgun ammo by brand handgun ammo by caliber bulk ammo shop all bulk ammo rifle ammo shop all rifle ammo rifle ammo by brand rifle ammo by caliber rimfire ammo shop all rimfire ammo shotgun ammo shop all shotgun ammo shotgun ammo by brand shotgun ammo by gauge other ammo categories blanks dummies and snap caps subsonic ammo bulk ammo shop all bulk ammo rimfire ammo shop all rimfire ammo other ammo categories blanks dummies and snap caps subsonic ammo popular calibers .22 lr ammo .223 rem/5.56 nato ammo .357 magnum ammo .308 winchester ammo .380 acp ammo .38 special ammo .30-30 winchester ammo .30-06 springfield ammo .45 acp ammo 7.62x39mm ammo 9mm ammo 12 gauge ammo 6.5 creedmoor ammo popular manufacturers american quality armscor bear ammo cci ammunition federal premium fiocchi hornady manufacturing liberty ammunition pmc prvi partizan remington tulammo winchester ammunition parts & accessories show submenu for parts & accessories magazines shop all magazines shop by make & model ar-15 magazines gun & ammo storage shop all storage ammo boxes gun cases holsters shop all holsters holsters by carry position magazine pouches scopes & optics shop all scopes & optics red dot sights scopes by magnification lights and lasers shop all lights and lasers lights lasers stabilizing attachments bipods / tripods / monopods extendable bipods slings speed loading shop all speedloaders pistol loaders rifle loaders gun & ammo storage shop all storage ammo boxes gun cases scopes & optics shop all scopes & optics red dot sights scopes by magnification stabilizing attachments bipods/tripods/ monopods extendable bipods slings parts & accessories by model shop all gun models ar-15 ar-10 ak-47 1911 10/22 fal s&w m&p glock sks gun care show submenu for gun care cleaning kits handgun cleaning kits rifle cleaning kits shotgun cleaning kits gun smithing gunsmithing tools ar-15 tools metal finishing supplies bore brushes boresnakes and ropes patches and slotted tips cleaning rods maintenance general cleaning supplies gun lubrication solvents hunting gear show submenu for hunting gear hunting clothing coats/jackets headwear pants/bibs/coveralls trail monitors game cameras mounts/security boxes accessories blinds & stands hunting blinds camo gear stands/seats/safety harnesses shop by season deer hunting dove hunting duck hunting hog & boar hunting predator hunting small game hunting turkey hunting decoys shop all decoys game calls game calls shop all game calls range gear show submenu for range gear range bags & boxes range bags ammo cans rifle cases eye & ear protection hearing protection eye protection eyes & ears sets targets paper targets reactive targets target holders shooting rests shooting bags bench rest bipods, tripods, and monopods clay throwers and machines shop all clay throwers and machines chronographs and wind meters chronographs and wind meters shop all chronographs and wind meters survival gear show submenu for survival gear military surplus gear military surplus bargins military clothing ammo cans survival kits all survival kits ropes/cords/accessories fire starters first aid first aid kits military first aid ems gear food emergency food water filters and storage food storage gas masks and nbc prep shop all gas masks and nbc prep cache storage cache storage shop all cache storage more products show submenu for more products gifts shop all gifts christmas gift guide gift cards home and office tactical pens airguns & airsoft shop all airguns airgun accessories airgun ammunition airgun handguns airgun long guns archery shop all archery bows & crossbows arrows & bolts backpacks & bags shop all backpacks & bags camping packs hunting pack military packs black powder shop all black powder black powder shooter kits wads and projectiles black powder tools books, dvds shop all books & dvds books reloading books and manuals gunsmithing books camping & outdoors shop all camping & outdoors tents and tarps outdoor cooking gear camp tools clothing shop all clothing boots and shoes coats and jacket gloves electronics shop all electronics cameras, cases and accessories gps units radios fishing shop all fishing tackel boxes/bags fishing accessories lures knives & blades shop all knives & blades knife sets multi-tools axes and hatchets molle & tactical gear shop all molle & tactical molle load bearing equiptment molle pouches molle accessories reloading shop all reloading bullets and projectiles brass cases reloading dies self defense & police gear shop all self-defense personal protective gear crowd control and corrections gear less leather self defense water sports shop all water sports boating accessories dry packs navigation, gps, and depth finders close login live chat locate ffl wishlist refer and earn $20 shop clearance shop new arrivals shop all departments home privacy policy your privacy is paramount to us at ctd, inc. (“cheaper than dirt”). we are committed to protecting your personal information. this privacy policy will explain what information we collect and how it is used throughout this privacy policy we’ll refer to our websites and other products and services collectively as “services.” below we explain how we collect, use, and share information about you, along with the choices that you have with respect to that information. information we collect the information we collect from you is used to improve services, performance, enhance your shopping experience, and communicate with you.. we strive to make it easy for you to update your account, remove addresses and credit cards, and unsubscribe from communications at any point. we collect information in three ways: if and when you provide information to us, automatically through use of our services, and from outside sources. information you provide to us it’s likely not a surprise we collect information that you provide to us. the amount and type of information depends on the context and how we use the information. here are some examples: basic account information: we ask for basic information from you in order to set up your account. for example, we require individuals who sign up for a cheaperthandirt.com account to provide a valid email address–and that’s it. you may provide us with more information–like your name, address, social media profiles–but we don’t require that information to create your account. transaction and billing information: if you buy something from us you will provide additional personal and payment information that is required to process the transaction and your payment, such as your name, credit card information, contact information and, potentially, your preferred local ffl dealer. communications with us: you may also provide us information when you respond to surveys, communicate with our team via email, phone, or live chat, post a question to us via social media, leave a review, or post a question and/or answer on a product page. information we collect automatically log information: like most websites, we collect information that web browsers, mobile devices, and servers typically make available, such as the browser type, ip address, unique device identifiers, language preference, referring site, the date and time of access, operating system, and mobile network information. we collect log information when you use our services–for example, when you visit or make a purchase on our website. usage information: we collect information about what happens when you use our services (e.g., page views, orders, referrals, button clicks) along with information about your device (e.g., mobile screen size, name of cellular network, and mobile device manufacturer). we use this information to, for example, provide our services to you, as well as get insights on how people use our services, so we can make our services better. location information: we may determine the approximate location of your device from your ip address. we collect and use this information to, for example, calculate how many people visit our services from certain geographic regions. information from cookies & other technologies: a cookie is a string of information that a website stores on a visitor’s computer, and that the visitor’s browser provides to the website each time the visitor returns. pixel tags (also called web beacons) are small blocks of code placed on websites and e-mails. cheaper than dirt uses cookies and other technologies like pixel tags to help us identify and track visitors, usage, and access preferences for our services, as well as track and understand e-mail campaign effectiveness and to deliver targeted ads. information we collect from other sources we may also get information about you from other sources. for example, if you create or log into your cheaperthandirt.com account through another service (like google or facebook) or if you connect your website or account to a social media service (like instagram) through our loyalty program, we will receive information from that service (such as your username and basic profile information) via the authorization procedures used by that service. the information we receive depends on which services you authorize and any options that are available. we may also get information from third party services about individuals who are not yet our customers, which we may use, for example, for marketing and advertising purposes. how we use information we use information about you as mentioned above and as follows: to provide our services–for example, to process your order and ship items to you, to award you points for loyalty or referral actions; to further develop our services–for example by adding new features that we think our customers will enjoy or will help them to find products they want more efficiently or make purchasing those items quicker and easier; to monitor and analyze trends and better understand how users interact with our services, which helps us improve our services and make them easier to use; to monitor and protect the security of our services, detect and prevent fraudulent transactions and other illegal activities, fight spam, and protect the rights and property of cheaper than dirt and others to communicate with you about offers and promotions offered by cheaper than dirt, solicit your feedback, or keep you up to date on new products; and to personalize your experience using our services, provide product recommendations and serve relevant advertisements. sharing information we share information about you in the limited circumstances spelled out below and with appropriate safeguards on your privacy: subsidiaries, employees, and independent contractors: we may disclose information about you to our subsidiaries, our employees, and individuals who are our independent contractors that need to know the information in order to help us provide our services or to process the information on our behalf. we require our subsidiaries, employees, and independent contractors to follow this privacy policy for personal information that we share with them. third party vendors: we may share information about you with third party vendors who need to know information about you in order to provide their services to us. this group includes vendors that help us provide our services to you (like payment providers that process your credit and debit card information) and those that help us understand and enhance our services (like analytics providers). we require vendors to agree to privacy commitments in order to share information with them. as required by law: we may disclose information about you in response to a subpoena, court order, or other governmental request. to protect rights and property: we may disclose information about you when we believe in good faith that disclosure is reasonably necessary to protect the property or rights of cheaper than dirt, third parties, or the public at large. business transfers: in connection with any merger, sale of company assets, or acquisition of all or a portion of our business by another company, or in the unlikely event that cheaper than dirt goes out of business or enters bankruptcy, user information would likely be one of the assets that is transferred or acquired by a third party. if any of these events were to happen, this privacy policy would continue to apply to your information and the party receiving your information may continue to use your information, but only consistent with this privacy policy. with your consent: we may share and disclose information with your consent or at your direction. for example, we may share your information with third parties with which you authorize us to do so, such as the social media services that you share to via our referral and tell a friend features. aggregated and de-identified information: we may share information that has been aggregated or reasonably de-identified, so that the information could not reasonably be used to identify you. for instance, we may publish aggregate statistics about the use of our services. information shared publicly information that you choose to make public is, not surprisingly, disclosed publicly. that means that information like your product reviews, product questions and answers, and photo contest entries submitted via social media platforms. public information may also be indexed by search engines. please keep all of this in mind when deciding what you would like to share. privacy choices you have several choices available when it comes to information about you: limit the information that you provide: if you have an account with us, you can choose not to provide the optional account information, profile information, and transaction and billing information. please keep in mind that if you do not provide this information, certain features of our services–including the ability to purchase online–may not be accessible. limit access to information on your mobile device: your mobile device operating system should provide you with the ability to discontinue our ability to collect location information. if you do so, you may not be able to use certain features. opt-out of electronic communications: you may opt out of receiving promotional messages from us. just follow the instructions in those messages. if you opt out of promotional messages, we may still send you other messages, like those about your account, order status and legal notices. set your browser to reject cookies: you can choose to set your browser to remove or reject browser cookies with the drawback that certain features of cheaper than dirt’s websites may not function properly without the aid of cookies. a few more things transferring information cheaper than dirt leverages global resources. by accessing or using the services or otherwise providing information to us, you consent to the processing, transfer, and storage of information in and to the u.s. and other countries, which may have rights and protections that are different from those in your home country. privacy policy changes although most changes are likely to be minor, cheaper than dirt may change its privacy policy from time to time. cheaper than dirt encourages visitors to frequently check this page for any changes to its privacy policy. your continued use of the services after any change in this privacy policy will constitute your consent to such change. if you have questions regarding this privacy policy or wish to have your information removed from some or all of our databases, please contact us. cheaper than dirt 2524 ne loop 820 fort worth, tx 76106 customer service contact us rma request faqs our story our guarantee shipping info careers return policy privacy policy terms of use financing close × ! ok cancel footer start your security is our priority our guarantee shopping with us is absolutely safe - you never have to worry about credit card safety when shopping here... more about guarantee sign up & save email find local ffl dealers connect with us facebook twitter instagram youtube shop shop handguns rifles shotguns ammo parts & accessories shop all brands gift card sales & clearance customer service customer service contact us track order return policy shipping info faqs rma request firearm sales form how to buy a gun online check order status stay connected stay connected blog: the shooter's log videos ffl dealers knowledge center rebate central rewards program financing history of ar-15 company info company info our story our guarantee accessibility privacy policy terms of use site map current promotion careers orant charities © 2024 cheaper than dirt copyright, entire contents by ctd, inc. cheaper than dirt! and the cheaper than dirt symbol are registered trademarks of direct investments ltd. all rights reserved