来源URL: https://web.archive.org/web/20241218085808/https://www.cheaperthandirt.com/customer-service/privacy-policy/privacy-policy.html
================================================================================

privacy policy javascript seems to be disabled in your browser. you must have javascript enabled in your browser to utilize the functionality of this website. america's ultimate shooting sports discounter back ammunition handgun ammo 9mm 45 acp 40 s&w 380 acp 38 special 357 magnum 10mm 44 magnum shop all handgun ammo bulk ammo shop all bulk ammo rifle ammo 223/5.56 .308 win/7.62x51 7.62x39 300 blackout 30-06 springfield 5.7x28 6.5 creedmoor shop all rifle ammo other ammo categories blanks dummies and snap caps subsonic ammo shotgun ammo 12 gauge 20 gauge 410 bore shop all shotgun ammo rimfire ammo 22 long rifle 22 magnum 22 short 17 hmr shop all rimfire ammo bulk ammo shop all bulk ammo rimfire ammo 22 long rifle 22 magnum 22 short 17 hmr shop all rimfire ammo other ammo categories blanks dummies and snap caps subsonic ammo popular manufacturers american quality armscor cci ammunition federal premium fiocchi hornady manufacturing liberty ammunition pmc prvi partizan remington winchester ammunition parts & accessories magazines shop all magazines shop by make & model ar-15 magazines gun & ammo storage shop all storage ammo boxes gun cases holsters shop all holsters holsters by carry position magazine pouches scopes & optics shop all scopes & optics red dot sights scopes by magnification lights and lasers shop all lights and lasers lights lasers stabilizing attachments bipods / tripods / monopods extendable bipods slings speed loading shop all speedloaders pistol loaders rifle loaders gun & ammo storage shop all storage ammo boxes gun cases scopes & optics shop all scopes & optics red dot sights scopes by magnification stabilizing attachments bipods/tripods/ monopods extendable bipods slings parts & accessories by model shop all gun models ar-15 ak-47 1911 10/22 fal s&w m&p glock sks gun care cleaning kits shop all cleaning kits gun smithing shop all gun smithing bore brushes boresnakes and ropes patches and slotted tips cleaning rods maintenance general cleaning supplies gun lubrication solvents hunting gear hunting clothing coats/jackets headwear pants/bibs/coveralls trail monitors game cameras accessories blinds & stands hunting blinds camo gear stands/seats/safety harnesses shop by season deer hunting dove hunting duck hunting hog & boar hunting predator hunting small game hunting turkey hunting decoys shop all decoys game calls game calls shop all game calls range gear range bags & boxes range bags ammo cans rifle cases eye & ear protection hearing protection eye protection eyes & ears sets targets paper targets reactive targets target holders shooting rests shooting bags bench rest bipods, tripods, and monopods clay throwers and machines shop all clay throwers and machines chronographs and wind meters chronographs and wind meters shop all chronographs and wind meters survival gear military surplus gear shop all military surplus gear survival kits all survival kits ropes/cords/accessories fire starters first aid first aid kits ems gear food emergency food gas masks and nbc prep shop all gas masks and nbc prep cache storage cache storage shop all cache storage more products airguns & airsoft shop all airguns airgun accessories airgun ammunition airgun handguns airgun long guns archery shop all archery bows & crossbows arrows & bolts backpacks & bags shop all backpacks & bags camping packs hunting pack military packs black powder shop all black powder black powder shooter kits wads and projectiles black powder tools books, dvds shop all books & dvds books reloading books and manuals camping & outdoors shop all camping & outdoors tents and tarps outdoor cooking gear camp tools clothing shop all clothing boots and shoes coats and jacket gloves electronics shop all electronics cameras, cases and accessories radios gifts shop all gifts gift cards home and office tactical pens knives & blades shop all knives & blades knife sets multi-tools axes and hatchets molle & tactical gear shop all molle & tactical molle load bearing equiptment molle pouches molle accessories reloading shop all reloading bullets and projectiles brass cases reloading dies self defense & police gear shop all self-defense personal protective gear crowd control and corrections gear less lethal self defense water sports shop all water sports boating accessories dry packs black friday sale close home / privacy policy privacy policy last updated: september 26, 2024 introduction. this privacy policy explains the types of information cheaper than dirt may collect from you when you visit www.cheaperthandirt.com (our “website”). it also covers information we may collect about you offline or when you contact us by phone, chat, fax, email, or text message. this policy describes our practices for collecting, using, maintaining, protecting, and disclosing your information. general information practices. we don't follow you around the internet to collect information about your browsing activities, and we don't retarget you with ads on other sites. we do collect, use, and disclose several types of information from and about you to serve you and provide you with a high-quality user experience. information we collect. this chart outlines the categories of personal information we collect and the purposes for the collection: personal information purposes for processing personal information identifiers, such as name, address, email address, telephone number, occupation, photo identification, date of birth, and other personally identifying information. for example, we collect information from you when you sign up for an account or purchase our products. internet or other similar network activity as you navigate through the website. information collected automatically may include usage details, domain address, ip addresses, internet browser, operating system, your internet connection, the equipment you use to access the website, and information collected through cookies and other tracking technologies (please see “cookies and online tracking technologies” below for more details). to present the website and its contents to you and to improve the website (we continually improve the website based on the information and feedback we receive from you). to provide you with information or services that you request from us. to fulfill our obligations to you as a customer. to improve customer service (your information helps us to more effectively respond to your customer service requests and support our needs). to carry out our obligations and enforce our rights arising from any contracts or legal relationships between you and us, such as when you purchase any of our products. to notify you about changes to the website or any products or services we may offer or provide through it to allow you to participate in interactive features on the website and to personalize your experience (your information helps us to better respond to your individual needs). to enable communication with you regarding our services, such as email and text to work with marketing partners to allow us to provide you with products or services that may be of interest to you, such as emailing you similar products that you have purchased recently. to administer certain programs we may offer, including contests and gift cards. to fulfill legal obligations, such as ensuring you are the appropriate age or reside in locations that allow us to sell you our products. to fulfill the purpose for which you provide it. for example, when you communicate with one our representatives through the website’s chat function. for any other purpose with your consent. call recordings when you speak with one of our representatives. for fraud detection, loss prevention, and public safety. to carry out our obligations and enforce our rights arising from any contracts or legal relationships between you and us, such as when you purchase any of our products. to improve customer service. payment information, such as credit and debit card information provided to one of our payment processors when purchasing our products. to fulfill our obligations to you as a customer. to fulfill the purpose for which you provide it, including processing your purchase of one of our products. disclosure practices. we may disclose the above categories of personal information: to our parent, subsidiaries, and affiliates; to contractors, service providers, and other third parties we use to support our business; to protect the rights, property, or safety of our company, our customers, or others. this includes exchanging information with other companies and organizations for the purposes of fraud protection and credit risk reduction; to comply with court orders, laws, or legal processes, including to respond to a government, regulatory, or law enforcement request; to enforce or apply our terms of use and other agreements, including for billing and collection purposes; and as allowed under applicable law or with your consent. we may also disclose aggregated information about our users and deidentified data or information that does not identify an individual. cookies and other tracking technologies. we use first-party and third-party “cookies” and other tracking technologies to enhance the experience of the website. we also use cookies for analytics purposes. cookies are small files that a website places on a website visitor’s hard drive through their web browser. these technologies are used for record-keeping purposes, to ensure the website operates properly, and to track how visitors interact with the website. some of the third-party technologies we use include google analytics and google analytics advertising features, including google signals, google analytics demographics and interest reporting, and google search console (collectively “ga”). we use ga to gather information (such as your age, gender, and interests) on parts of the website, with the goal of better serving you. by using the website, you agree to our use of such information, and you further agree to ga’s terms found here: https://www.google.com/policies/privacy/partners. you may opt out of ga by: (a) adjusting your settings on google ad preferences; (b) visiting the ga opt-out page and installing the add-on for your browser; or (c) following the steps on nai's opt-out page. you may also choose to set your web browser to refuse cookies, or to alert you when cookies are being sent. if you choose to refuse cookies, some parts of the website may not function properly as a result. we don’t modify tracking behavior in response to do not track signals. security. we have implemented reasonable measures designed to secure your personal information from accidental loss and from unauthorized access, use, alteration, and disclosure. the website is pci-dss compliant, and our checkout process is fully secured with strong ssl encryption. when you place an order on the website, your credit card information passes directly from your browser to the payment processor. we work hard to secure your information, but the safety and security of your information also depends on you. if we have given you (or you have chosen) a password for access to certain parts of the website, you are responsible for keeping this password confidential. please don’t share your password with anyone. links. the website contains links to other sites. we’re not responsible for the content or privacy practices of those sites. be aware when you leave the website and read the privacy statements of any other site that may collect your personally identifiable information. persons under the age of 21. the website is only intended for persons who are at least 21 years old. no one under 21 may provide any information to or on the website. your consumer rights. general description of rights. some states provide certain consumer rights to their residents. depending on your state of residence, you may have the following rights: the right to know what personal information we have processed about you and access that information, including retaining a copy of your personal information. the right to delete any of your personal information we have in our possession. the right to correct any inaccuracies in any of your personal information we have in our possession. the right to appeal our denial of any consumer request you submit to us. we don’t conduct any selling or targeted advertising with your personal information or use your personal information for specific types of profiling. as a result, we don’t offer any right to opt out of these activities. we reserve the right to deny requests if allowed under applicable law. any rights that may be available in your state are not afforded to you under this policy while you are operating in a commercial or employment capacity. how to exercise your consumer rights. you may exercise your consumer rights by submitting a verified request. a form is available at https://www.cheaperthandirt.com/consumer-data-request to request your personal information or request to delete or correct your personal information. you may also place a request by emailing us at privacy@cheaperthandirt.com. if you email us your request, we ask that you please provide the same information requested on the webform so we may authenticate your request. your request will be verified using the information you provide on the webform. using an agent to submit a request. if you use an authorized agent to submit your request, you should provide a power of attorney executed pursuant to applicable state law. if a power of attorney is not submitted, you may be required to provide commercially reasonable identification of your identity and evidence of your authorized agent’s authority to act on your behalf. for example, you may need to provide the authorized agent signed permission to submit a request, verify your identity directly by submitting a verified consumer request according to the procedures in this section, and directly confirm with us that you provided the authorized agent permission to submit the request, by contacting us at customerservice@cheaperthandirt.com. appeals. you have the right to appeal our refusal to take action on, or respond to, your verified consumer request. upon receipt of our denial or refusal to take action on, or to respond to, your verified consumer request, you have 90 days to submit a request to appeal our decision by emailing privacy@cheaperthandirt.com. we will timely inform you in writing of any action taken or not taken in response. we will also include a written explanation of the reasons for our decision. editing your personal information and opting out of newsletters. if you create a customer account with us, you can edit some of your personal information by logging into your account and making the desired changes. if you'd like to opt out of newsletters and other emails, just select the unsubscribe option at the bottom of the message. changes to our privacy policy. this privacy policy may change from time to time. we’ll post any changes to the policy on this page. please visit this page periodically to check for any updates. we’ll note any updates by updating the “last updated” date at the top of this page. contact us. if you have questions about this privacy policy, please call us at (800) 421-8047 or email us at customerservice@cheaperthandirt.com. customer service contact us faqs our story privacy policy terms of use your security is our priority our guarantee shopping with us is absolutely safe - you never have to worry about credit card safety when shopping here. sign up & save email sign up connect with us twitter instagram youtube shop shop ammo handgun ammo rifle ammo shotgun ammo parts & accessories gift card customer service customer service contact us faqs stay connected stay connected blog: the shooter's log videos knowledge center rewards program history of ar-15 company info company info our story privacy policy terms of use site map © 2024 cheaperthandirt.com. all rights reserved.